



Download Request: Select Items: 501-999
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 08, 2017  14:20:06 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (exploit USA)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                              501 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Herald-Tribune (Grande Prairie)

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Trudeau takes aim at Trumpism; PM didn't name names, but warned UN about
politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, Canadian Press

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's first speech to the United Nations General
Assembly included some less-than-subtle references to the politics practiced by
people like Donald Trump, in a year where populist nationalism has made gains in
different countries.

The prime minister never mentioned any names. Yet he warned three times in his
speech about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain.

Trudeau told the convention hall that politicians have a choice to make: Stoke
public anxiety because it works for them politically, or try alleviating it with
policies that improve people's lives.

He cast his government's spending-heavy program as the latter - with an
infrastructure plan that he's convinced will create middle-class jobs.

"What is the alternative?" Trudeau asked.

"To exploit anxiety? To turn it into fear and blame? To reject others because
they look, or speak, or pray differently than we do?" His message was similar to
that of U.S. President Barack Obama.

Before Trudeau delivered his first UN address, the U.S. president gave his last.
He defended globalization, derided walls between nations and encouraged policies
that allow working people to experience the benefits of the global economy.

"Today, a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself," Obama said - one
of three references to walls in his speech. "So the answer cannot be a simple
rejection of global integration. Instead, we must work together to make sure the
benefits of such integration are broadly shared."

He cited several policies that might reassure working people that the globalized
economy isn't rigged against them: Unionization, cracking down on tax havens,
and a social safety net that allows people to retrain for new jobs.

Obama also described foreign aid as one of those tools to narrow inequality -
not within countries but between them.

"A world in which one per cent of humanity controls as much wealth as the other
99 per cent will never be stable," he said.

"A pervasive sense of injustice undermines people's faith in the system."

He took a shot at the notion of trade wars, a solution suggested by populists
like Trump. Tit-for-tat tariff spats would only impoverish the world and
increase the likelihood of conflict, Obama said.

Polls in recent weeks have shown a tightening race in the U.S., where Trump has
suddenly appeared competitive in surveys nationally and in battleground states.
His win in the Republican nomination race comes in a year where other
anti-globalization politicians have achieved success in several European
countries. While they differ in myriad policy areas, common themes shared by
Trump and parties like France's Front National include opposition to trade
deals, complaints about foreigners taking jobs, and advocating a harder line
against radical Islamists.

There's an active debate among American pundits about what's driving Trump's
voters - anxiety about economics, as Trudeau suggests; culture and race; or a
combination of factors, including frustration with run-of-themill politicians.

Surveys have given reason to competing theories.

They indeed show Trump doing better with voters who are less affluent and less
educated. They also show greater resentment toward racial minorities.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jewel Samad, Getty Images; Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addresses the
71st session of the United Nations General Assembly at the UN headquarters in
New York on Tuesday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Daily Herald-Tribune (Grande Prairie)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Fort McMurray Today

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Trudeau takes aim at Trumpism; PM didn't name names, but warned UN about
politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, Canadian Press

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's first speech to the United Nations General
Assembly included some less-than-subtle references to the politics practiced by
people like Donald Trump, in a year where populist nationalism has made gains in
different countries.

The prime minister never mentioned any names. Yet he warned three times in his
speech about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain.

Trudeau told the convention hall that politicians have a choice to make: Stoke
public anxiety because it works for them politically, or try alleviating it with
policies that improve people's lives.

He cast his government's spending-heavy program as the latter - with an
infrastructure plan that he's convinced will create middle-class jobs.

"What is the alternative?" Trudeau asked.

"To exploit anxiety? To turn it into fear and blame? To reject others because
they look, or speak, or pray differently than we do?" His message was similar to
that of U.S. President Barack Obama.

Before Trudeau delivered his first UN address, the U.S. president gave his last.
He defended globalization, derided walls between nations and encouraged policies
that allow working people to experience the benefits of the global economy.

"Today, a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself," Obama said - one
of three references to walls in his speech. "So the answer cannot be a simple
rejection of global integration. Instead, we must work together to make sure the
benefits of such integration are broadly shared."

He cited several policies that might reassure working people that the globalized
economy isn't rigged against them: Unionization, cracking down on tax havens,
and a social safety net that allows people to retrain for new jobs.

Obama also described foreign aid as one of those tools to narrow inequality -
not within countries but between them.

"A world in which one per cent of humanity controls as much wealth as the other
99 per cent will never be stable," he said.

"A pervasive sense of injustice undermines people's faith in the system."

He took a shot at the notion of trade wars, a solution suggested by populists
like Trump. Tit-for-tat tariff spats would only impoverish the world and
increase the likelihood of conflict, Obama said.

Polls in recent weeks have shown a tightening race in the U.S., where Trump has
suddenly appeared competitive in surveys nationally and in battleground states.
His win in the Republican nomination race comes in a year where other
anti-globalization politicians have achieved success in several European
countries. While they differ in myriad policy areas, common themes shared by
Trump and parties like France's Front National include opposition to trade
deals, complaints about foreigners taking jobs, and advocating a harder line
against radical Islamists.

There's an active debate among American pundits about what's driving Trump's
voters - anxiety about economics, as Trudeau suggests; culture and race; or a
combination of factors, including frustration with run-of-themill politicians.

Surveys have given reason to competing theories.

They indeed show Trump doing better with voters who are less affluent and less
educated. They also show greater resentment toward racial minorities.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jewel Samad, Getty Images; Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addresses the
71st session of the United Nations General Assembly at the UN headquarters in
New York on Tuesday.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fort McMurray Today
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            April 24, 2008 Thursday

Tech-savvy activists gain edge over junta

BYLINE: Greg Torode

SECTION: FEATURES; Behind the News; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 378 words


Last year's protests in Myanmar represented a "special case" for the National
Endowment for Democracy, allowing far deeper engagement than the non-profit
group considered possible in  states such as China, Vietnam or North Korea.

Endowment-funded trainers had worked discreetly for years in hotel rooms and
homes in northern Thailand to teach the principles of non-violent protest.

While some teachings covered the broader philosophy of non-violent action -
knowing your opponent's strengths and weakness, and acting accordingly - it was
also practical, instructing groups on how to protect themselves from
infiltration, for example.

In a modern twist, funding also allowed activists to  exploit the latest mobile
phone and computer technology. Other grants covered media operations by
pro-democracy and human rights activist groups.

The Myanmar protests were marked by a technological edge that saw the protest
organisers beat firewall censorship and  exploit sites such as YouTube. They
also relied on extensive  text messaging campaigns to rally their comrades.

Brian Joseph, the endowment's director for South and Southeast Asia, told the
South China Morning Post at the time that the group  did not initiate or direct
the movements, but "our goal is to empower and strengthen initiatives that come
from within".

"We are very strict about that," he said. "It is not that much money, certainly
not enough to buy democracy."

Some of the ideas can be traced to the works of Boston-based philosopher Gene
Sharp, whose manual "From Dictatorship to Democracy" still circulates in 27
languages, including Tibetan and Putonghua.

In an  interview with the Post  last year, Mr Sharp described the Myanmar action
as "very naive" and warned of an apparent lack of strategic planning.

Denying US government links, he criticised the bloody quagmire in Iraq and
insisted he had not had an endowment grant for a decade. His work repeatedly
warns against the road to violent struggle.

"Whatever the merits of the violent option, however, one point is clear," Mr
Sharp writes. "By placing confidence in violent means, one has to choose the
very type of struggle with which the oppressors nearly always have superiority
... the dictators are equipped to apply violence overwhelmingly."

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           September 10, 2010, Friday

WVU FOOTBALL NOTEBOOK;
Sanders takes good care of linemen

BYLINE: Dave Hickman, Staff writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P5B

LENGTH: 623 words


MORGANTOWN - Jock Sanders had to hurry out of practice earlier this week because
he had a commitment he felt obliged to keep. But it had nothing to do with
schoolwork or family or anything of that nature.

He looks at it as a matter of survival.

"I'm having a barbeque for my offensive linemen,'' the West Virginia slot
receiver said. "I've got to take care of them. They take care of me up front, so
I have to take care of them.''

Sanders is right to take care of those linemen, too. In West Virginia's 31-0
opening-game win over Coastal Carolina last weekend, they held the Chanticleers
without a sack and gave quarterback Geno Smith time to complete 20 passes, eight
of them to Sanders.

If the line can keep Marshall's defense off Smith again tonight when the
Mountaineers visit Huntington, it could bode well again because the Herd
struggles in the secondary.

"Marshall's a good team. The score doesn't show it from the Ohio State game,''
Sanders said, referring to MU's 45-7 loss last week to the Buckeyes. "The
offense didn't produce for them, but their defense is pretty good. We just have
to go out there and exploit the little mistakes that they do make and turn them
into big plays on our end.

"But they did make a couple of mistakes in their secondary and their secondary
is not their strength. I think their defensive line and their linebackers are
their strength. And we can exploit the secondary with things that we do.''

---

West Virginia's punting team was exceptional in the opener, allowing only two
kicks to be returned (one for negative yardage) and averaging nearly 50 yards
net.

What the Mountaineers will face tonight against Marshall, though, is unknown.
The Herd returned only one punt against Ohio State, that for just 2 yards.

Unlike its kickoff coverage, WVU's punt coverage has been pretty good in recent
years, and one reason is the rugby-style punt. But even that has morphed in the
past few seasons.

Originally the idea was for the punter to run a few steps and kick a line drive
that would be hard to handle and had a great chance of rolling forward at a fast
pace. Hang time wasn't as crucial because the steps the punter was taking
substituted for hang time and allowed the coverage to get down the field.

Now, though, the roll punt is more like a regular punt with an exaggerated
run-up to the kick. Taking those extra steps to the right still allows the
coverage more time to get downfield, and if the hang time is good, well, then
all the better.

"It basically changed when [Pat] McAfee started doing it and kicking those
bombs,'' new WVU punter Gregg Pugnetti said. "And so that's what it's turned
into.''

---

West Virginia is likely to be without the two players listed at the top of the
depth chart at middle linebacker tonight.

Pat Lazear is out for the second straight game with a bone bruise just below the
knee. Redshirt freshman Branko Busick, listed second on the depth chart heading
into the season, is listed on this week's injury report as doubtful with a hand
injury.

That won't be as much of a problem as it might seem, though. When Lazear didn't
suit up last week, strong-side linebacker Anthony Leonard moved into his spot in
the middle and Najee Goode replaced Leonard. That still gives the Mountaineers
three of their four most experienced linebackers on the field.

It does affect the depth, though. If anyone goes down, the next linebacker on
the field would likely be walk-on Casey Vance or true freshman Doug Rigg.

Tight end Tyler Urban is also listed as doubtful because of a knee, and
alternating right guard Cole Bowers is listed as probable (knee).

AP photo

WVU's Jock Sanders had eight catches in WVU's opening win against Coastal
Carolina.

Reach Dave Hickman at 304-348-1734 or dphickman1@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                              505 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            December 30, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Windows flaw puts computers at risk

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 288  words


A new-found flaw in Microsoft's Windows operating system is being used by
hackers to install malicious code on personal computers.

Users can infect their computers by visiting certain websites that are able to
exploit some Windows-based applications, Internet security company Panda
Software said in a statement. It called the discovery "one of the most serious
vulnerabilities recently detected."

The flaw to the world's most popular software leaves PCs open to adware and
spyware as well as Trojans that can hide and damage programs. Internet Explorer,
Outlook and the Windows Picture and Fax viewer are used to insert the
potentially harmful code, said Patrick Hinojosa, chief technology officer of
Panda.

"Because this exploits particular programs on Windows, rather than Windows
itself, your machine can get infected simply by visiting a website that's set up
to exploit the flaw," Hinojosa said.

Microsoft is investigating reports of the problem, the Redmond, Wash.-based
company said on its Web site. Microsoft hasn't yet developed a security patch,
and recommends customers use caution and keep antivirus software up to date.

Panda found cases of infection almost immediately after the flaw was first
reported Dec. 27, Hinojosa said.

Websites exploiting the security lapse include toolbarbiz.biz and
buytoolbar.biz, Panda said. The sites are set up to install malicious code by
using the way applications process Windows Metafiles to show images.

Microsoft has been working to improve the security of Windows, which has come
under attack from more than 17,000 computer viruses and worms. The latest
vulnerability was found in Windows XP, Windows 2000 and Windows NT systems.
Panda said it is still testing Windows 98 for the flaw.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Brantford Expositor

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Trudeau takes aim at Trumpism; In UN speech, PM didn't name names, but warned
about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, Canadian Press

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's first speech to the United Nations General
Assembly included some less-than-subtle references to the politics practiced by
people like Donald Trump, in a year where populist nationalism has made gains in
different countries.

The prime minister never mentioned any names. Yet he warned three times in his
speech about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain.

Trudeau told the convention hall that politicians have a choice to make: Stoke
public anxiety because it works for them politically, or try alleviating it with
policies that improve people's lives. He cast his government's spending-heavy
program as the latter - with an infrastructure plan that he's convinced will
create middleclass jobs.

"What is the alternative?" Trudeau asked.

"To exploit anxiety? To turn it into fear and blame? To reject others because
they look, or speak, or pray differently than we do?" His message was similar to
that of U.S. President Barack Obama.

Before Trudeau delivered his first UN address, the U.S. president gave his last.
He defended globalization, derided walls between nations and encouraged policies
that allow working people to experience the benefits of the global economy.

"Today, a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself," Obama

said - one of three references to walls in his speech. "So the answer cannot be
a simple rejection of global integration. Instead, we must work together to make
sure the benefits of such integration are broadly shared."

He cited several policies that might reassure working people that the globalized
economy isn't rigged against them: Unionization, cracking down on tax havens,
and a social safety net that allows people to retrain for new jobs.

Obama also described foreign aid as one of those tools to narrow inequality not
within countries but between them.

"A world in which one per cent of humanity controls as much wealth as the other
99 per cent will never be stable," he said.

"A pervasive sense of injustice undermines people's faith in the system."

He took a shot at the notion of trade wars, a solution suggested by populists
like Trump. Tit-for-tat tariffspats would only impoverish the world and increase
the likelihood of conflict, Obama said.

Polls in recent weeks have shown a tightening race in the U.S., where Trump has
suddenly appeared competitive in surveys nationally and in battleground states.
His win in the Republican nomination race comes in a year where other
anti-globalization politicians have achieved success in several European
countries. While they differ in myriad policy areas, common themes shared by
Trump and parties like France's Front National include opposition to trade
deals, complaints about foreigners taking jobs, and advocating a harder line
against radical

Islamists. There's an active debate among American pundits about what's driving
Trump's voters - anxiety about economics, as Trudeau suggests; culture and race;
or a combination of factors, including frustration with run-of-the-mill
politicians.

Surveys have given reason to competing theories.

They indeed show Trump doing better with voters who are less affluent and less
educated. They also show greater resentment toward racial minorities.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jewel Samad, Getty Images; Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addresses the
71st session of the United Nations General Assembly at the UN headquarters in
New York on Tuesday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Brantford Expositor
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Brockville Recorder & Times

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Trudeau takes aim at Trumpism; In UN speech, PM didn't name names, but warned
about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, Canadian Press

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 514  words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's first speech to the United Nations General
Assembly included some less-than-subtle references to the politics practiced by
people like Donald Trump, in a year where populist nationalism has made gains in
different countries.

The prime minister never mentioned any names. Yet he warned three times in his
speech about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain.

Trudeau told the convention hall that politicians have a choice to make: Stoke
public anxiety because it works for them politically, or try alleviating it with
policies that improve people's lives. He cast his government's spending-heavy
program as the latter - with an infrastructure plan that he's convinced will
create middleclass jobs.

"What is the alternative?" Trudeau asked.

"To exploit anxiety? To turn it into fear and blame? To reject others because
they look, or speak, or pray differently than we do?" His message was similar to
that of U.S. President Barack Obama.

Before Trudeau delivered his first UN address, the U.S. president gave his last.
He defended globalization, derided walls between nations and encouraged policies
that allow working people to experience the benefits of the global economy.

"Today, a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself," Obama said - one
of three references to walls in his speech. "So the answer cannot be a simple
rejection of global integration. Instead, we must work together to make sure the
benefits of such integration are broadly shared."

He cited several policies that might reassure working people that the globalized
economy isn't rigged against them: Unionization, cracking down on tax havens,
and a social safety net that allows people to retrain for new jobs.

Obama also described foreign aid as one of those tools to narrow inequality -
not within countries but between them.

"A world in which one per cent of humanity controls as much wealth as the other
99 per cent will never be stable," he said.

"A pervasive sense of injustice undermines people's faith in the system."

He took a shot at the notion of trade wars, a solution suggested by populists
like Trump. Tit-for-tat tariffspats would only impoverish the world and increase
the likelihood of conflict, Obama said.

Polls in recent weeks have shown a tightening race in the U.S., where Trump has
suddenly appeared competitive in surveys nationally and in battleground states.
His win in the Republican nomination race comes in a year where other
anti-globalization politicians have achieved success in several European
countries. While they differ in myriad policy areas, common themes shared by
Trump and parties like France's Front National include opposition to trade
deals, complaints about foreigners taking jobs, and advocating a harder line
against radical Islamists.

There's an active debate among American pundits about what's driving Trump's
voters - anxiety about economics, as Trudeau suggests; culture and race; or a
combination of factors, including frustration with run-of-the-mill politicians.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jewel Samad, Getty Images; Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addresses the
71st session of the United Nations General Assembly at the UN headquarters in
New York on Tuesday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Brockville Recorder & Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Cornwall Standard Freeholder

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Trudeau takes aim at Trumpism; In UN speech, PM didn't name names, but warned
about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, Canadian Press

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's first speech to the United Nations General
Assembly included some less-than-subtle references to the politics practiced by
people like Donald Trump, in a year where populist nationalism has made gains in
different countries.

The prime minister never mentioned any names. Yet he warned three times in his
speech about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain.

Trudeau told the convention hall that politicians have a choice to make: Stoke
public anxiety because it works for them politically, or try alleviating it with
policies that improve people's lives. He cast his government's spending-heavy
program as the latter - with an infrastructure plan that he's convinced will
create middleclass jobs.

"What is the alternative?" Trudeau asked.

"To exploit anxiety? To turn it into fear and blame? To reject others because
they look, or speak, or pray differently than we do?" His message was similar to
that of U.S. President Barack Obama.

Before Trudeau delivered his first UN address, the U.S. president gave his last.
He defended globalization, derided walls between nations and encouraged policies
that allow working people to experience the benefits of the global economy.

"Today, a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself," Obama said - one
of three references to walls in his speech. "So the answer cannot be a simple
rejection of global integration. Instead, we must work together to make sure the
benefits of such integration are broadly shared."

He cited several policies that might reassure working people that the globalized
economy isn't rigged against them: Unionization, cracking down on tax havens,
and a social safety net that allows people to retrain for new jobs.

Obama also described foreign aid as one of those tools to narrow inequality not
within countries but between them.

"A world in which one per cent of humanity controls as much wealth as the other
99 per cent will never be stable," he said.

"A pervasive sense of injustice undermines people's faith in the system."

He took a shot at the notion of trade wars, a solution suggested by populists
like Trump. Tit-for-tat tariffspats would only impoverish the world and increase
the likelihood of conflict, Obama said.

Polls in recent weeks have shown a tightening race in the U.S., where Trump has
suddenly appeared competitive in surveys nationally and in battleground states.
His win in the Republican nomination race comes in a year where other
anti-globalization politicians have achieved success in several European
countries. While they differ in myriad policy areas, common themes shared by
Trump and parties like France's Front National include opposition to trade
deals, complaints about foreigners taking jobs, and advocating a harder line
against radical

Islamists. There's an active debate among American pundits about what's driving
Trump's voters - anxiety about economics, as Trudeau suggests; culture and race;
or a combination of factors, including frustration with run-of-the-mill
politicians.

Surveys have given reason to competing theories.

They indeed show Trump doing better with voters who are less affluent and less
educated. They also show greater resentment toward racial minorities.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jewel Samad, Getty Images; Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addresses the
71st session of the United Nations General Assembly at the UN headquarters in
New York on Tuesday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Cornwall Standard Freeholder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Kingston Whig-Standard

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Trudeau takes aim at Trumpism; In UN speech, PM didn't name names, but warned
about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's first speech to the United Nations General
Assembly included some less-than-subtle references to the politics practiced by
people like Donald Trump, in a year where populist nationalism has made gains in
different countries.

The prime minister never mentioned any names. Yet he warned three times in his
speech about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain.

Trudeau told the convention hall that politicians have a choice to make: Stoke
public anxiety because it works for them politically, or try alleviating it with
policies that improve people's lives. He cast his government's spending-heavy
program as the latter - with an infrastructure plan that he's convinced will
create middleclass jobs.

"What is the alternative?" Trudeau asked.

"To exploit anxiety? To turn it into fear and blame? To reject others because
they look, or speak, or pray differently than we do?" His message was similar to
that of U.S. President Barack Obama.

Before Trudeau delivered his first UN address, the U.S. president gave his last.
He defended globalization, derided walls between nations and encouraged policies
that allow working people to experience the benefits of the global economy.

"Today, a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself," Obama said - one
of three references to walls in his speech. "So the answer cannot be a simple
rejection of global integration. Instead, we must work together to make sure the
benefits of such integration are broadly shared."

He cited several policies that might reassure working people that the globalized
economy isn't rigged against them: Unionization, cracking down on tax havens,
and a social safety net that allows people to retrain for new jobs.

Obama also described foreign aid as one of those tools to narrow inequality -
not within countries but between them.

"A world in which one per cent of humanity controls as much wealth as the other
99 per cent will never be stable," he said.

"A pervasive sense of injustice undermines people's faith in the system."

He took a shot at the notion of trade wars, a solution suggested by populists
like Trump. Tit-fortat tariffspats would only impoverish the world and increase
the likelihood of conflict, Obama said.

Polls in recent weeks have shown a tightening race in the U.S., where Trump has
suddenly appeared competitive in surveys nationally and in battleground states.
His win in the Republican nomination race comes in a year where other
anti-globalization politicians have achieved success in several European
countries.

While they differ in myriad policy areas, common themes shared by Trump and
parties like France's Front National include opposition to trade deals,
complaints about foreigners taking jobs, and advocating a harder line against
radical Islamists.

There's an active debate among American pundits about what's driving Trump's
voters - anxiety about economics, as Trudeau suggests; culture and race; or a
combination of factors, including frustration with run-of-themill politicians.

Surveys have given reason to competing theories.

They indeed show Trump doing better with voters who are less affluent and less
educated. They also show greater resentment toward racial minorities.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jewel Samad, Getty Images; Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addresses the
71st session of the United Nations General Assembly at the UN headquarters in
New York on Tuesday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Kingston Whig-Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Niagara Falls Review

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Trudeau takes aim at Trumpism; In UN speech, PM didn't name names, but warned
about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's first speech to the United Nations General
Assembly included some less-than-subtle references to the politics practiced by
people like Donald Trump, in a year where populist nationalism has made gains in
different countries.

The prime minister never mentioned any names. Yet he warned three times in his
speech about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain.

Trudeau told the convention hall that politicians have a choice to make: Stoke
public anxiety because it works for them politically, or try alleviating it with
policies that improve people's lives.

He cast his government's spendingheavy program as the latter - with an
infrastructure plan that he's convinced will create middle-class jobs. "What is
the alternative?" Trudeau asked.

"To exploit anxiety? To turn it into fear and blame? To reject others because
they look, or speak, or pray differently than we do?" His message was similar to
that of U.S. President Barack Obama.

Before Trudeau delivered his first UN address, the U.S. president gave his last.
He defended globalization, derided walls between nations and encouraged policies
that allow working people to experience the benefits of the global economy.

"Today, a nation ridged by walls would only imprison itself," Obama said - one
of three references to walls in his speech. "So the answer cannot be a simple
rejection of global integration. Instead, we must work together to make sure the
benefits of such integration are broadly shared."

He cited several policies that might reassure working people that the globalized
economy isn't rigged against them: Unionization, cracking down on tax havens,
and a social safety net that allows people to retrain for new jobs.

Obama also described foreign aid as one of those tools to narrow inequality -
not within countries but between them.

"A world in which one per cent of humanity controls as much wealth as the other
99 per cent will never be stable," he said.

"A pervasive sense of injustice undermines people's faith in the system."

He took a shot at the notion of trade wars, a solution suggested by populists
like Trump. Tit-for-tat tariffspats would only impoverish the world and increase
the likelihood of conflict, Obama said.

Polls in recent weeks have shown a tightening race in the U.S., where Trump has
suddenly appeared competitive in surveys nationally and in battleground states.
His win in the Republican nomination race comes in a year where other
anti-globalization politicians have achieved success in several European
countries. While they differ in myriad policy areas, common themes shared by
Trump and parties like France's Front National include opposition to trade
deals, complaints about foreigners taking jobs, and advocating a harder line
against radical Islamists.

There's an active debate among American pundits about what's driving Trump's
voters - anxiety about economics, as Trudeau suggests; culture and race; or a
combination of factors, including frustration with run-of-the-mill politicians.

Surveys have given reason to competing theories.

They indeed show Trump doing better with voters who are less affluent and less
educated. They also show greater resentment toward racial minorities.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jewel Samad, Getty Images; Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addresses the
71st session of the United Nations General Assembly at the UN headquarters in
New York on Tuesday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Niagara Falls Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                North Bay Nugget

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Trudeau takes aim at Trumpism; In UN speech, PM didn't name names, but warned
about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, Canadian Press

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's first speech to the United Nations General
Assembly included some less-than-subtle references to the politics practiced by
people like Donald Trump, in a year where populist nationalism has made gains in
different countries.

The prime minister never mentioned any names. Yet he warned three times in his
speech about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain.

Trudeau told the convention hall that politicians have a choice to make: Stoke
public anxiety because it works for them politically, or try alleviating it with
policies that improve people's lives. He cast his government's spending-heavy
program as the latter - with an infrastructure plan that he's convinced will
create middleclass jobs.

"What is the alternative?" Trudeau asked.

"To exploit anxiety? To turn it into fear and blame? To reject others because
they look, or speak, or pray differently than we do?" His message was similar to
that of U.S. President Barack Obama.

Before Trudeau delivered his first UN address, the U.S. president gave his last.
He defended globalization, derided walls between nations and encouraged policies
that allow working people to experience the benefits of the global economy.

"Today, a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself," Obama said - one
of three references to walls in his speech. "So the answer cannot be a simple
rejection of global integration. Instead, we must work together to make sure the
benefits of such integration are broadly shared."

He cited several policies that might reassure working people that the globalized
economy isn't rigged against them: Unionization, cracking down on tax havens,
and a social safety net that allows people to retrain for new jobs.

Obama also described foreign aid as one of those tools to narrow inequality not
within countries but between them.

"A world in which one per cent of humanity controls as much wealth as the other
99 per cent will never be stable," he said.

"A pervasive sense of injustice undermines people's faith in the system."

He took a shot at the notion of trade wars, a solution suggested by populists
like Trump. Tit-for-tat tariffspats would only impoverish the world and increase
the likelihood of conflict, Obama said.

Polls in recent weeks have shown a tightening race in the U.S., where Trump has
suddenly appeared competitive in surveys nationally and in battleground states.
His win in the Republican nomination race comes in a year where other
anti-globalization politicians have achieved success in several European
countries. While they differ in myriad policy areas, common themes shared by
Trump and parties like France's Front National include opposition to trade
deals, complaints about foreigners taking jobs, and advocating a harder line
against radical

Islamists. There's an active debate among American pundits about what's driving
Trump's voters - anxiety about economics, as Trudeau suggests; culture and race;
or a combination of factors, including frustration with run-of-the-mill
politicians.

Surveys have given reason to competing theories.

They indeed show Trump doing better with voters who are less affluent and less
educated. They also show greater resentment toward racial minorities.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jewel Samad, Getty Images; Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addresses the
71st session of the United Nations General Assembly at the UN headquarters in
New York on Tuesday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 North Bay Nugget
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Daily News (Kirkland Lake)

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Trudeau takes aim at Trumpism; In Un speech, pm didn't name names, but warned
about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 539  words


UnIted natIons - prime minister Justin trudeau's first speech to the United
nations General assembly included some less-than-subtle references to the
politics practiced by people like donald trump, in a year where populist
nationalism has made gains in different countries.

The prime minister never mentioned any names. yet he warned three times in his
speech about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain.

Trudeau told the convention hall that politicians have a choice to make: stoke
public anxiety because it works for them politically, or try alleviating it with
policies that improve people's lives. he cast his government's spending-heavy
program as the latter - with an infrastructure plan that he's convinced will
create middleclass jobs.

"What is the alternative?" trudeau asked.

"To exploit anxiety? to turn it into fear and blame? to reject others because
they look, or speak, or pray differently than we do?" his message was similar to
that of U.s. president barack obama.

Before trudeau delivered his first Un address, the U.s. president gave his last.
he defended globalization, derided walls between nations and encouraged policies
that allow working people to experience the benefits of the global economy.

"Today, a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself," obama said - one
of three references to walls in his speech. "so the answer cannot be a simple
rejection of global integration. Instead, we must work together to make sure the
benefits of such integration are broadly shared."

He cited several policies that might reassure working people that the globalized
economy isn't rigged against them: Unionization, cracking down on tax havens,
and a social safety net that allows people to retrain for new jobs.

Obama also described foreign aid as one of those tools to narrow inequality -
not within countries but between them.

"A world in which one per cent of humanity controls as much wealth as the other
99 per cent will never be stable," he said.

"A pervasive sense of injustice undermines people's faith in the system."

He took a shot at the notion of trade wars, a solution suggested by populists
like trump. tit-for-tat tariffspats would only impoverish the world and increase
the likelihood of conflict, obama said.

Polls in recent weeks have shown a tightening race in the U.s., where trump has
suddenly appeared competitive in surveys nationally and in battleground states.
his win in the republican nomination race comes in a year where other
anti-globalization politicians have achieved success in several european
countries. While they differ in myriad policy areas, common themes shared by
trump and parties like France's Front national include opposition to trade
deals, complaints about foreigners taking jobs, and advocating a harder line
against radical Islamists. there's an active debate among american pundits about
what's driving trump's voters - anxiety about economics, as trudeau suggests;
culture and race; or a combination of factors, including frustration with
run-of-the-mill politicians.

Surveys have given reason to competing theories.

They indeed show trump doing better with voters who are less affluent and less
educated. they also show greater resentment toward racial minorities.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jewel Samad, Getty Images; Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addresses the
71st session of the United Nations General Assembly at the UN headquarters in
New York on Tuesday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Northern Daily News (Kirkland Lake)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                               September 24, 2001

Nimda Needs Harsh Disinfectant;
Worm exploits many system vulnerabilities

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: NEWS - PAGE ONE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 657 words

Cleaning up after last week's fast-spreading Nimda worm could prove to be harder
and more time-consuming for users than it has been after other malicious
software attacks.

Companies that aren't careful could be reinfected and leave back doors open for
future exploitation, users and analysts said.

"Nothing is cleaning this virus. The tools out today simply delete or quarantine
the infected files," said one frustrated e-mailer to Computerworld who requested
anonymity.

"We have had 50,000 to 100,000 infected files in my data center alone, and we
were patched all the way up [after the Code Red attack]," he wrote. "We are
smart people. This one just won't be stopped."

The Nimda worm -- reports of which first began flooding into mailing lists and
security firms on Sept. 18 -- is a mass-mailed piece of malicious code that
infects systems running Microsoft Corp.'s Windows 95, 98, ME, NT and 2000.

Unlike other worms and viruses, Nimda is capable of spreading via both
network-based e-mail and Web browsers. It was also written to scan for and
exploit back doors left behind by previous viruses such as Code Red and Sadmind.

"The newness of this is that it leverages a number of different vulnerabilities
in order to propagate itself," said Allen Householder, an analyst at the
CERTCoordination Center at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.

Nimda propagates via various means, including modifying Web content on
vulnerable systems running Microsoft's Internet Information Server software,
Householder said.

In the process, Nimda last week clogged part of the Internet, slowing down or
even stopping Web traffic for some users. Many sites also experienced high
volumes of e-mail and network traffic as a result of the worm, according to a
joint statement from CERT, the SANS Institute in Bethesda, Md., and the
Information Technology Association of America in Arlington, Va.

In a four-hour period starting at approximately 8 a.m. CDT Tuesday, the
University of Chicago's Web servers were scanned by almost 7,000 unique IP
addresses looking for vulnerabilities to exploit, said Larry Lidz, a senior
network security officer at the school.

As a result of the attacks, about 20 university servers were infected with the
Nimda worm and had to be disconnected from the network, Lidz said. He
recommended to school officials that those systems be reformatted and all
software reinstalled.

"If somebody has used a back door left by worms such as Code Red to infect your
systems, you never really know what they have done to the system," Lidz said.

Insidious Worm

Much of the standard antivirus software that was available at the time the worm
struck failed to keep Nimda from spreading, users and analysts said.

The worm does a number of insidious things, such as modifying critical system
files and registry keys, making every directory available as a file share and
creating a guest account with administrator privileges, said Russ Cooper, an
analyst at TruSecure Corp., a Reston, Va.-based security firm.

"These characteristics make it incredibly difficult to clean the worm from an
infected system,"according to a SANS advisory.

"Running [antivirus software] alone will not fix the problem," said Edward York,
chief technical officer at 724 Inc., an application hosting service in Lompoc,
Calif.

"The server must be secured all over again, all open shares closed, the Hot
Fixes reapplied, the guest account disabled again and all traces of any file
called root.exe or admin.dll deleted from the system." York said. Administrators
also need to ensure that any registry items added by Nimda have been removed, he
said.

Until more sophisticated fixes become available, the only sure course is to
disconnect infected systems from the network, reformat their hard drives,
reinstall software from a clean source and apply the appropriate security
patches, according to recommendations issued by CERT and SANS.


LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Computerworld, Inc.


                              514 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            December 30, 2013 Monday

German magazine reveals NSA hacking tactics

LENGTH: 839  words


A German magazine reported that American spies intercept computer deliveries,
exploit hardware vulnerabilities, and even hijack Microsoft's internal reporting
system to spy on their targets.

LONDON - A German magazine lifted the lid on the operations of the National
Security Agency's hacking unit Sunday, reporting that American spies intercept
computer deliveries, exploit hardware vulnerabilities, and even hijack
Microsoft's internal reporting system to spy on their targets.

Der Spiegel's revelations relate to a division of the NSA known as Tailored
Access Operations, or TAO, which is painted as an elite team of hackers
specializing in stealing data from the toughest of targets.

Citing internal NSA documents, the magazine said Sunday that TAO's mission was
"Getting the ungettable," and quoted an unnamed intelligence official as saying
that TAO had gathered "some of the most significant intelligence our country has
ever seen."

Der Spiegel said TAO had a catalog of high-tech gadgets for particularly
hard-to-crack cases, including computer monitor cables specially modified to
record what is being typed across the screen, USB sticks secretly fitted with
radio transmitters to broadcast stolen data over the airwaves, and fake base
stations intended to intercept mobile phone signals on the go.

The NSA doesn't just rely on James Bond-style spy gear, the magazine said. Some
of the attacks described by Der Spiegel exploit weaknesses in the architecture
of the Internet to deliver malicious software to specific computers. Others take
advantage of weaknesses in hardware or software distributed by some of the
world's leading information technology companies, including Cisco Systems, Inc,
the magazine reported.

Der Spiegel cited a 2008 mail order catalog-style list of vulnerabilities that
NSA spies could exploit from companies such as Irvine, California-based Western
Digital Corp. or Round Rock, Texas-based Dell Inc. The magazine said that
suggested the agency was "compromising the technology and products of American
companies."

Old-fashioned methods get a mention too. Der Spiegel said that if the NSA
tracked a target ordering a new computer or other electronic accessories, TAO
could tap its allies in the FBI and the CIA, intercept the hardware in transit,
and take it to a secret workshop where it could be discretely fitted with
espionage software before being sent on its way.

Intercepting computer equipment in such a way is among the NSA's "most
productive operations," and has helped harvest intelligence from around the
world, one document cited by Der Spiegel stated.

One of the most striking reported revelations concerned the NSA's alleged
ability to spy on Microsoft Corp.'s crash reports, familiar to many users of the
Windows operating system as the dialogue box which pops up when a game freezes
or a Word document dies. The reporting system is intended to help Microsoft
engineers improve their products and fix bugs, but Der Spiegel said the NSA was
also sifting through the reports to help spies break into machines running
Windows. One NSA document cited by the magazine appeared to poke fun at
Microsoft's expense, replacing the software giant's standard error report
message with the words: "This information may be intercepted by a foreign sigint
(signals intelligence) system to gather detailed information and better exploit
your machine."

Microsoft said that information sent by customers about technical issues in such
a manner is limited.

"Microsoft does not provide any government with direct or unfettered access to
our customer's data," a company representative said in an email Sunday. "We
would have significant concerns if the allegations about government actions are
true."

Microsoft is one of several US firms that have demanded more transparency from
the NSA - and worked to bolster their security - in the wake of the revelations
of former intelligence worker Edward Snowden, whose disclosures have ignited an
international debate over privacy and surveillance.

Der Spiegel did not explicitly say where its cache NSA documents had come from,
although the magazine has previously published a series of stories based on
documents leaked by Snowden, and one of Snowden's key contacts - American
documentary filmmaker Laura Poitras - was listed among the article's six
authors.

No one was immediately available at Der Spiegel to clarify whether Snowden was
the source for the latest story.

Another company mentioned by Der Spiegel, though not directly linked with any
NSA activity, was Juniper Networks Inc, a computer network equipment maker in
Sunnyvale, Calif.

"Juniper Networks recently became aware of, and is currently investigating,
alleged security compromises of technology products made by a number of
companies, including Juniper," the company said in an email. "We take
allegations of this nature very seriously and are working actively to address
any possible exploit paths."

If necessary, Juniper said, it would, "work closely with customers to ensure
they take any mitigation steps."

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2013 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

Entertainment: Pleasanton's Firehouse shows Indian epic "Ramayana"

BYLINE: By Pat Craig for the Bay Area News Group

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 519 words


Pleasanton Civic Arts Stage Company is exploring new theatrical territory with
"Ramayana," an ancient Indian epic adapted by Berkeley playwright Anthony
Clarvoe.

The play, which opens Friday in Pleasanton's Firehouse Arts Center, is based on
the Sanskrit legend about the exploits of Prince Rama. In print, and in earlier
generations by oral tradition, the story is said to span seven volumes and
25,000 verses. The piece was transcribed more than 2,000 years ago by the poet
Valmiki.

Over the years, it continues to be told and retold in many different languages
and continues as a tradition in India, Nepal, and South Asia.

"There is a reason it's been popular in South Asia for thousands of years. It
has a little bit of something for everyone -- adventure, romance, questions of
right and wrong and what it means to be human," said Rebecca J. Ennals, artistic
director of the San Francisco Shakespeare Festival, which produces the
Pleasanton theater program. "Rama, the central character, would like to be a
peaceful man but finds that some evils are so great, he must fight against them.
The themes of the story are still relevant today."

While there is a message to the story, the play is made to entertain, with the
adventures and exploits and with a blend of acrobatics and dance that keep cast
members moving around the stage. Director Michael Truman Cavanaugh compares the
piece to Greek mythology or epic tales like "The Lord of the Rings."

Much of the physical theater used in a "Ramayana" is based on partner acrobatics
or Acro Yoga, which involves simple lifts and using acrobatic positions and
movement to share weight to represent soaring vultures, demons and even Hanuman,
the flying monkey god.

Indian theater expert Maanasa Venkatasubbaiah joined the staff as cultural
advisor and dramaturge for the project to help the cast learn to pronounce
Sanskrit names and places and learn appropriate behavior for the ancient
characters.

The show runs weekends, Friday through May 19, in the Firehouse Theater, 4444
Railroad Ave. Performances are at 7:30 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays and 2 p.m.
Saturdays and Sundays. Tickets cost $10 to $18, with discounts for children and
seniors. Reservations may be made at 925-931-4848, orwww.firehousearts.org .

SUMMER SHAKESPEARE: While most of us are still wondering if we had much of a
winter this year, the Livermore Shakespeare Festival is gearing up for it annual
summer season at Concannon Vineyard, 4590 Tesla Road.

Tickets are on sale now for the two-show season, which includes Shakespeare's
"The Taming of the Shrew" and Pierre Corneille's farce "The Liar," adapted by
David Ives.

"The Liar," directed by Gary Armagnac, opens June 21, and "Shrew," directed by
Lisa A. Tromovitch, opens June 28. Each show will get a preview the Thursday
before its Friday opening. The shows play in repertory after "Shrew" opens.

Performances, through July 21, are at 7:30 p.m. Thursday and Friday, 7 p.m.
Saturday and Sunday and 8 p.m. for "Shrew" on June 27 after a fund-raising
dinner and banquet. For details, visitwww.livermoreshakes.org

Contact Pat Craig atpjcraig495@yahoo.com .

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star News (Wilmington, NC)

                            August 9, 2006 Wednesday

Crumpler has seen a lot of change

BYLINE: Chuck Carree, Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1, 3C

LENGTH: 605 words


There was no high school football jamboree when Carlester Crumpler played nearly
40 years ago, and he still hasn't seen one.

"This is the closest I've ever gotten to one,'' said Crumpler, who was the guest
speaker at the annual BB&T Football Jamboree luncheon Tuesday.

Crumpler's exploits on the gridiron are legendary, from his schoolboy days in
Wilson, where he led predominately white Fike to state 4A titles all three
years, to East Carolina, where he has been color analyst since 1988 for football
broadcasts.

"In Wilson, there were two - the black and the white high school,'' he said.
"Now there are like four or five. Now the funding is much different. We didn't
really have a funding problem with our athletic programs when I was coming
through school. It was just different. That's why I talk about socioeconomic
conditions.''

As a prep sophomore, he was the lone black player on the team. As a senior,
there were three blacks. At East Carolina, where he was voted Southern
Conference Athlete of the Year in 1972 and played in the Blue-Gray Classic in
1973, Crumpler never had more than five black teammates at one time.

Athletics, especially football, were Crumpler's salvation. It is the reason he
rushed for 4,105 yards and scored 40 touchdowns in his prep career and played
with the Buffalo Bills from 1974-77.

Crumpler admits he's uncomfortable when people sing his praises. His roots are
seeped in humility.

"Perhaps it is because of some people I came up with through the ranks that I
had associations with that kept me grounded,'' he told the gathering at the
luncheon.

He's prouder of the achievements of his sons than his own exploits, including
induction into the North Carolina Sports Hall of Fame in 2002.

"The trail that I blazed was not for them,'' Crumpler told the audience.

He said he never steered Carlester Jr. or Alge, a three-time Pro Bowl tight end
with the Atlanta Falcons, toward football. Bryan went to the University of North
Carolina on a prestigious Morehead Scholarship.

"I did have three things I encouraged them to do,'' he said. "No. 1, they were
going to work hard. No. 2, they were going to keep their nose clean, and three
and they were going to give it their very best effort or not do it at all.''

Crumpler grew up fatherless, never even met his dad, a man he assumes is dead by
now.

Raised mostly by his grandmother because his mother moved to New York when he
was 8, he had no male influence.

"Whether it was dramatic or not, I didn't use it as an excuse for where I was
and what happened to me next,'' Crumpler said.

Crumpler skipped so much school that he failed the fourth grade. His grandmother
whipped him; he called it a beating.

"That was the turning point of my entire life,'' he told the audience. "It
didn't take much to get me in line. When I was told to do something, it was
quite simple. There was no rebellion, no talking back; you were just going to do
it.''

In 1965, during the height of the civil rights movement, Crumpler elected to
integrate a white junior high school.

Things were much different than he expected and he thought of transferring.
Things changed when a cheerleader befriended him.

"From that point on I got more comfortable in my environment,'' he said.

As for his speech, it was directed more toward the jamboree coaches. He called
them fathers, educators and best friends to their players.

"You may have more issues to deal with than my coach had to deal with," he said.
"So I am asking you to reach out to those individuals. They are depending on
you. ... It is the coaches who took me by the hand and guided me. In all
sincerity, that is why I am where I am today.''


LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MATT BORN. Carlester Crumpler was the featured speaker at Tuesday's
BB&T Jamboree luncheon in Wilmington.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 22, 2001 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

An E-Mail Boast to Friends Puts Executive Out of Work

BYLINE:   By ANDREW ROSS SORKIN

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 452 words


Hold on. Do not press send.

A young click-happy financial executive is wishing that he had never touched his
computer's left mouse button last Tuesday.

Paul Chung, a recently hired associate at the Carlyle Group in its office in
Seoul, South Korea, was forced to resign on Friday after boasting about his
sexual exploits and lavish lifestyle in an e-mail message to 11 buddies at
Merrill Lynch in New York, where he used to work.

Unfortunately for Mr. Chung, a 24-year-old Princeton graduate who had moved to
Seoul three days earlier to start his job, the message was forwarded or passed
on to thousands of people on Wall Street and wound up being sent to his bosses
at Carlyle, the private equity firm.

Mr. Chung was given the option of resigning or being dismissed, a Carlyle
executive said.

The message, which was retitled "Amazing Cautionary Tale" by a banking analyst,
meandered in and out of e-mail boxes around the world.

"I know I was a stud in N.Y.C., but I pretty much get about, on average, 5-8
phone numbers a night and at least 3 hot chicks that say that they want to go
home with me every night I go out. I love the buy side," Mr. Chung wrote in the
message using the company's network. He bragged about his "spanking brand new
2000 sq. foot, three bedroom apt. with a 200 sq. foot terrace." He bragged that
he used one bedroom for his "harem" and another for other sexual exploits.

Mr. Chung also boasted about his job. "I have bankers calling me every day with
opportunities," he wrote, "and they pretty much cater to my every whim -- you
know (golfing events, lavish dinners, a night out clubbing)."

Reached by telephone in Seoul, Mr. Chung said: "It's devastating. I really can't
comment. Sorry."

Mr. Chung is the latest in a string of employees to lose their jobs or be
publicly embarrassed by a sexually explicit e-mail message that was forwarded to
others. In a much publicized e-mail message last year that made its way to
hundreds of thousands of in-boxes, an employee of a British Internet provider
wrote to her boyfriend about a sex act. Employees of many different companies
that passed the message along to friends were dismissed.

David M. Rubenstein, a founder and managing director of the Carlyle Group, had
no comment. The Carlyle Group is known for its investments in military companies
and its prominent list of advisers, including Arthur Levitt, the former chairman
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and James A. Baker III, the former
secretary of state.

One analyst that passed along the message to his investment banking colleagues
attached this prophetic message: "Rule No. 1 we learned in I.B. training: If you
don't want it published in the NYT, don't write it."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 23, 2001



CORRECTION: An article in Business Day yesterday about an employee at the
Carlyle Group, the private equity firm, who was forced to resign after boasting
in an e-mail message about his sexual exploits and lavish lifestyle misstated
his given name. He is Peter Chung, not Paul.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              518 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily Observer (Pembroke)

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Trudeau takes aim at Trumpism; In UN speech, PM didn't name names, but warned
about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's first speech to the United Nations General
Assembly included some less-than-subtle references to the politics practiced by
people like Donald Trump, in a year where populist nationalism has made gains in
different countries.

The prime minister never mentioned any names. Yet he warned three times in his
speech about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain.

Trudeau told the convention hall that politicians have a choice to make: Stoke
public anxiety because it works for them politically, or try alleviating it with
policies that improve people's lives.

He cast his government's spending-heavy program as the latter - with an
infrastructure plan that he's convinced will create middle-class jobs.

"What is the alternative?" Trudeau asked.

"To exploit anxiety? To turn it into fear and blame? To reject others because
they look, or speak, or pray differently than we do?" His message was similar to
that of U.S. President Barack Obama.

Before Trudeau delivered his first UN address, the U.S. president gave his last.
He defended globalization, derided walls between nations and encouraged policies
that allow working people to experience the benefits of the global economy.

"Today, a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself," Obama said - one
of three references to walls in his speech. "So the answer cannot be a simple
rejection of global integration. Instead, we must work together to make sure the
benefits of such integration are broadly shared."

He cited several policies that might reassure working people that the globalized
economy isn't rigged against them: Unionization, cracking down on tax havens,
and a social safety net that allows people to retrain for new jobs.

Obama also described foreign aid as one of those tools to narrow inequality -
not within countries but between them.

"A world in which one per cent of humanity controls as much wealth as the other
99 per cent will never be stable," he said.

"A pervasive sense of injustice undermines people's faith in the system."

He took a shot at the notion of trade wars, a solution suggested by populists
like Trump. Tit-for-tat tariffspats would only impoverish the world and increase
the likelihood of conflict, Obama said.

Polls in recent weeks have shown a tightening race in the U.S., where Trump has
suddenly appeared competitive in surveys nationally and in battleground states.
His win in the Republican nomination race comes in a year where other
anti-globalization politicians have achieved success in several European
countries.

While they differ in myriad policy areas, common themes shared by Trump and
parties like France's Front National include opposition to trade deals,
complaints about foreigners taking jobs, and advocating a harder line against
radical Islamists.

There's an active debate among American pundits about what's driving Trump's
voters - anxiety about economics, as Trudeau suggests; culture and race; or a
combination of factors, including frustration with run-of-the-mill politicians.

Surveys have given reason to competing theories.

They indeed show Trump doing better with voters who are less affluent and less
educated. They also show greater resentment toward racial minorities.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jewel Samad, Getty Images; Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addresses the
71st session of the United Nations General Assembly at the UN headquarters in
New York on Tuesday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Daily Observer (Pembroke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Owen Sound Sun Times

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Trudeau takes aim at Trumpism; In UN speech, PM didn't name names, but warned
about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's first speech to the United Nations General
Assembly included some less-than-subtle references to the politics practiced by
people like Donald Trump, in a year where populist nationalism has made gains in
different countries.

The prime minister never mentioned any names. Yet he warned three times in his
speech about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain.

Trudeau told the convention hall that politicians have a choice to make: Stoke
public anxiety because it works for them politically, or try alleviating it with
policies that improve people's lives.

He cast his government's spending-heavy program as the latter - with an
infrastructure plan that he's convinced will create middle-class jobs.

"What is the alternative?" Trudeau asked.

"To exploit anxiety? To turn it into fear and blame? To reject others because
they look, or speak, or pray differently than we do?" His message was similar to
that of

U.S. President Barack Obama.

Before Trudeau delivered his first UN address, the U.S. president gave his last.
He defended globalization, derided walls between nations and encouraged policies
that allow working people to experience the benefits of the global economy.

"Today, a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself," Obama said - one
of three references to walls in his speech. "So the answer cannot be a simple
rejection of global integration. Instead, we must work together to make sure the
benefits of such integration are broadly shared."

He cited several policies that might reassure working people that the globalized
economy isn't rigged against them: Unionization, cracking down on tax havens,
and a social safety net that allows people to retrain for new jobs.

Obama also described foreign aid as one of those tools to narrow inequality -
not within countries but between them.

"A world in which one per cent of humanity controls as much wealth as the other
99 per cent will never be stable," he said.

"A pervasive sense of injustice undermines people's faith in the system."

He took a shot at the notion of trade wars, a solution suggested by populists
like Trump. Tit-for-tat tariffspats would only impoverish the world and increase
the likelihood of conflict, Obama said.

Polls in recent weeks have shown a tightening race in the U.S., where Trump has
suddenly appeared competitive in surveys nationally and in battleground states.
His win in the Republican nomination race comes in a year where other
anti-globalization politicians have achieved success in several European
countries.

While they differ in myriad policy areas, common themes shared by Trump and
parties like France's Front National include opposition to trade deals,
complaints about foreigners taking jobs, and advocating a harder line against
radical Islamists.

There's an active debate among American pundits about what's driving Trump's
voters - anxiety about economics, as Trudeau suggests; culture and race; or a
combination of factors, including frustration with run-of-the-mill politicians.
Surveys have given reason to competing theories.

They indeed show Trump doing better with voters who are less affluent and less
educated. They also show greater resentment toward racial minorities.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jewel Samad, Getty Images; Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addresses the
71st session of the United Nations General Assembly at the UN headquarters in
New York on Tuesday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Owen Sound Sun Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Hackers capitalize on computer errors; Websense experts say companies can use
reports to bolster security

BYLINE: Vito Pilieci, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: BUSINESS &; TECHNOLOGY; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 572 words


By correlating the incidents of computer system crashes and tracking how those
crashes occurred, a large enterprise may be able to sniff out anomalies on its
networks that could point to a virus or other malicious software causing the
crash.

"Many exploits work by forcing an application to perform in an unexpected
manner.... When an exploit fails, the result is often the crash of the
application that has been targeted, sending an error report," states the report.
"If this can be correlated with other exploits across different operating
systems and applications, we could have a way to both retroactively detect when
attacks happened, and detect anomalies indicative of new attacks that have made
it past organizations' defences."

Viruses and malware prey on loopholes in software. Those loopholes were never
designed to run the way hackers use them and, as a result, the software ends up
crashing regularly, a telltale sign that a system may be infected.

Websense researchers tested the theory and, in several cases, were able to
determine that a virus or other malicious software was running on a specific
computer or system simply by monitoring the network error reports.

The way computer users report error messages to Microsoft Corp., while using the
company's popular Windows Operating System, may be allowing hackers and other
malicious parties to launch targeted attacks against specific consumer devices,
according to a newly released report.

The report, issued Wednesday by international researcher Websense Security Labs,
revealed that the error messages sent by Windows users to Microsoft are
transmitted in plain text and are not encrypted.

That means that any outsider who intercepts the communication can read the
report, learn about a consumer's computer and computer network and discern weak
spots that would allow them to better prepare an attack.

"Any attacker intercepting this data can create a precise blueprint of the
target's hardware and software network, which can be used to create tailored
attacks with a high probability of success," reads the Websense report.

The error reports sent when an application crashes, contain information about
the computer's IP address - a long numerical identifier used to track computers
and how they access the Internet - the latest software updates the computer has
installed, the machine's manufacturer, devices on the network that may be
causing issues and other important personal information.

Microsoft downplayed the Websense report Wednesday, saying the information
transmitted isn't as sensitive as the security firm claims. The company also
said that more sensitive information is sent using secured transmission
channels.

"Customers who choose to use error reports send limited information about, for
example, the process, application, or device driver, that may have encountered a
problem. Reports are then reviewed and used to improve customer experiences,"
said Microsoft in a statement.

Websense, which is headquartered in Silicon Valley but employs five in offices
here in Ottawa, said it compiled information from more than 160 million
Microsoft error reports for the research paper.

While the company said the vulnerability could be used to exploit systems, it
also found a silver lining.

Large corporations with the budget to track error reports and analyze them using
cutting edge computer systems, could actually use the reports to help bolster
their security.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Ottawa Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                  May 20, 2009

Aircraft maker can't be sued where crash occurred, rules 3rd Circuit

BYLINE: Pat Murphy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 266  words


Pennsylvania lacked jurisdiction over the manufacturer of an aircraft that
crashed within the state's borders, the 3rd Circuit has ruled. The defendant
manufactured a PC-12 turboprop aircraft that crashed while attempting to land in
State College, Pa.

The families of the six people who died in the crash sued the defendant in
federal court in Pennsylvania.

The defendant argued that the district court lacked jurisdiction because it was
a Swiss manufacturer that sold its planes exclusively through a Colorado
subsidiary.

The 3rd Circuit agreed that personal jurisdiction did not exist in Pennsylvania,
rejecting the plaintiffs' contention that the defendant subjected itself to the
state's jurisdiction by virtue of the fact that the company designed its planes
so that they would meet Federal Aviation Administration standards for flying
throughout the United States.

"[The defendant's] efforts to exploit a national market necessarily included
Pennsylvania as a target, but those efforts simply do not constitute the type of
deliberate contacts within Pennsylvania that could amount to purposeful
availment of the privilege of conducting activities in that state. Rather, any
connection of [the defendant] to Pennsylvania merely was a derivative benefit of
its successful attempt to exploit the United States as a national market," the
court said.

It remanded the matter for the lower court to reconsider whether the action
should be transferred to Colorado rather than dismissed.

U.S. Court of Appeals, 3rd Circuit. D'Jamoos v. Pilatus Aircraft Ltd., No.
08-2690. May 14, 2009. Lawyers USA No. 993-781.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            February 1, 2009 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

GERRY DULAC BREAKS DOWN THE STEELERS' SEVENTH SUPER BOWL

BYLINE: GERRY DULAC

SECTION: SPORTS; SUPERBOWL XLIII: STEELERS VS CARDINALS; Pg. G-10

LENGTH: 530 words


GAME PLAN

When the Steelers have the ball: One of the areas they will try to exploit is
Arizona's aggressive, up-the-field style, a scheme used by defensive coordinator
Clancy Pendergast to blow up plays in the backfield. However, it also leaves
them vulnerable to big plays in the running game. It could allow Willie Parker
to break long runs. Ben Roethlisberger will have to be careful about forcing
throws into coverage because Arizona has several athletic players in the
secondary, including CB Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie. If Rodgers-Cromartie
shadows WR Santonio Holmes, that could create room for WR Hines Ward.

When the Cardinals have the ball: One of the things Ken Whisenhunt did in the
postseason was reintroduce the running game, which is why Edgerrin James leads
all playoff rushers with 203 yards. Nonetheless, do not expect them to try the
run the ball on the Steelers' top-ranked defense. QB Kurt Warner has three
1,000-yard receivers, including Larry Fitzgerald, and also has utilized Tim
Hightower on checkdown routes, something he will try to exploit. However,
because of their pass-oriented attack, LT Mike Gandy and RT Levi Brown will be
left in single matchups against OLBs James Harrison and LaMarr Woodley,
respectively.

KEEP AN EYE ON ...

Cardinals S Adrian Wilson: He might not be the best strong safety on the field
-- that distinction belongs to Troy Polamalu -- but Wilson is not far behind. He
plays a style similar to Polamalu, acting like a linebacker at the line of
scrimmage but also being able to make plays in the secondary. Wilson (6-3, 230),
a two-time Pro Bowl selection, is bigger than Polamalu and is a ferocious
hitter. But he also was the first player to have two touchdown returns of 99
yards or longer in a season (2006).

DATA

Game: Steelers (14-4) vs. Arizona Cardinals (12-7).

When: 6:28 p.m.

Where: Raymond James Stadium, Tampa, Fla.

TV: WPXI.

Radio: WDVE-FM (102.5), WBGG-AM (970) and Steelers Radio Network.

INTANGIBLES

The Cardinals are making their first appearance in the Super Bowl. Curiously,
they are 1-5 in games in the Eastern Time Zone this season. This is the seventh
Super Bowl appearance for the Steelers, second-most in NFL history. They are
trying to become the first team to win six Lombardi trophies.

KEYS TO VICTORY

To win, the Cardinals must ...

1 Follow their leader.To beat the Steelers -- if they don't beat themselves --
Warner has to spread the field and throw at least 40 times.

2 Have Larry give them fits. LarryFitzgerald's body control and ability to
high-point the ball makes him difficult to cover, even with two players.

3 Get on a Rolle. DB Antrel Rolle has an uncanny ability to convert turnovers
into TDs, returning five of his 10 career takeaways for TDs.

To win, the Steelers must ...

1 Hurt Kurt. Warner has stayed away from mistakes in the postseason, but is
prone to fumbles on strip-sacks -- a favorite of James Harrison.

2 Remember Counter 34 Pike.The play they used in SB XL on Willie Parker's
75-yard TD run -- the type of play that could work vs. a gambling defense.

3 Be bold with Anquan. The secondary must be physical with Fitzgerald and WR
Anquan Boldin -- receivers who aren't afraid to go over the middle.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: SUPER BOWL XTRA / GAME DAY EDITION

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Peter Diana/Post-Gazette: Hines Ward had plenty to shout about
in Detroit three years ago. What will today bring?
PHOTO: Anquan Boldin -- One of three 1,000-yard receivers
PHOTO: Adrian Wilson sacks Donovan McNabb.
PHOTO: Willie Parker -- 791 yards in regular season
PHOTO: Edgerrin James -- Overlook him at your own risk

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              523 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 10, 2015 Tuesday

CIA tried to break security of Apple devices, report says

BYLINE: Levi Sumagaysay

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 369 words


The CIA has targeted Apple devices for years, trying to break the encryption on
the company's iPhones and install backdoors into apps, according to an Intercept
report based on documents leaked by former government tech contractor Edward
Snowden.

Information about the efforts was presented at a 2012 Central Intelligence
Agency annual secret meeting called the Jamboree. Those who attended the meeting
talked about how to exploit security flaws in household and commercial
electronics, according to the Intercept.

The CIA researchers reportedly created a version of Apple's app developer tool,
Xcode, which could enable the theft and tracking of data from apps from the App
Store. In addition, they said they modified the OS X updater to install a
keylogger, which could record and transmit the keystrokes of users of Mac
computers.

Did their work bear fruit? From the Intercept:

The documents do not address how successful the targeting of Apple's encryption
mechanisms have been, nor do they provide any detail about the specific use of
such exploits by U.S. intelligence. But they do shed light on an ongoing
campaign aimed at defeating the tech giant's efforts to secure its products, and
in turn, its customers' private data.

The news about the CIA campaign comes amid efforts by tech companies to resist
government surveillance after the Snowden leaks revealed the NSA's mass spying
on Internet and electronic communications.

Among the earliest revelations, in the summer of 2013, was the existence of a
program called Prism . It involved government spying on Internet users via
backdoors into the servers of companies such as Apple, Google, Facebook and
others. The tech companies have denied giving the government direct access to
their users' information. Since then, they have publicly battled against
government spying, including by pushing to be able to disclose more about
government requests for user information, and by stepping up their encryption
efforts . Troy Wolverton reported last month that Apple CEO Tim Cook, speaking
at President Obama's cybersecurity summit in Silicon Valley, emphasized his
company's commitment to protecting its customers' privacy.

Photo of iPhone 5s devices courtesy of Apple

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Vulnerability Summary for CVE-2013-2763

LENGTH: 156  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Computer Emergency Readiness Team, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Vulnerability Summary for CVE-2013-2763
Overview

** DISPUTED ** The Schneider Electric M340 PLC modules allow remote attackers to
cause a denial of service (resource consumption) via unspecified vectors. NOTE:
the vendor reportedly disputes this issue because it "could not be duplicated"
and "an attacker could not remotely exploit this observed behavior to deny PLC
control functions."
Impact
CVSS Severity (version 2.0):
CVSS v2 Base Score:5.0 (MEDIUM) (AV:N/AC:L/Au:N/C:N/I:N/A:P) (legend)
Impact Subscore: 2.9
Exploitability Subscore: 10.0
CVSS Version 2 Metrics:
Access Vector: Network exploitable
Access Complexity: Low

**NOTE: Access Complexity scored Low due to insufficient information
Authentication: Not required to exploit
Impact Type:Allows disruption of serviceUnknown

For further information please visit: http://www.us-cert.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Racing Post

                           September 30, 2011 Friday
                                  1ST Edition

HORSE PLAY Just for the fun of it

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 315 words


Compiled by Nicholas Godfrey, Steve Dennis and David Dew Googling a runner
Gretzky 2.35 Gowran Park Wayne Gretzky is a Canadian former professional ice
hockey player, whose exploits on the rink earned him the nickname The Great One.
He is the leading points scorer in NHL history and is the only NHL player to
score more than 200 points in a season - a feat he accomplished four times.
Gretzky's jersey number, 99, has been retired by every team in the NHL.

He was inducted into the Hall of Fame upon his retirement in 1999. HORSE PLAY
Just for the fun of it 1¦¦Easy as 1-2-3 1 Who was the last horse to win
successive runnings of the Abbaye? 2 Name the two Roger Charltontrained winners
of the Abbaye 3 Clive Brittain trained Var to win the Abbaye in which year?
Answers on page 20 All mixed up Rearrange the letters to reveal the name of a
horse who shares his name with a poacher, burglar, horse thief and murderer
whose exploits were romanticised following his execution 272 years ago Putrid
Nick (4,6) Answer on page 20 The List Eight most recent fillies or mares to win
the Arc 1976 Ivanjica (Alec Head/Freddy Head) 1979 Three Troikas (Criquette
Head/Freddy Head) 1980 Detroit (Olivier Douieb/Pat Eddery) 1981 Gold River (Alec
Head/Gary Moore) 1982 Akiyda (Francois Mathet/Yves Saint-Martin) 1983 All Along
(Patrick Biancone/Walter Swinburn) 1993 Urban Sea (Jean Lesbordes/Eric
Saint-Martin) 2008 Zarkava (pictured) (Alain de Royer- Dupre/Christophe
Soumillon) Other lives An encouraging start for the Sir Henry Cecil-trained
Touch Gold, fifth in a Haydock mile maiden on his debut last Saturday. An entry
in the Racing Post Trophy indicates that the son of Oasis Dream is held in some
regard and perhaps one day he may win a Classic like his namesake, whose narrow
victory under Chris McCarron in the 1997 Belmont Stakes denied runner-up Silver
Charm the chance to win the Triple Crown.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: rp


                           Copyright 2011 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 4, 1996 Wednesday

MANAGING BROWSER  How to sell products on the Internet

BYLINE: BY GEOFFREY ROWAN

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 806 words


THE "if you build it they will come" philosophy may be great for attracting
ghostly baseball players to cornfield ballparks, but it will take more than that
to get Internet retailing off the ground.

Two researchers have found that many on-line retailers don't exploit the
advantages they hold over other sales channels -- and they don't try to mitigate
their own disadvantages either.

If you're convinced you must offer your goods or services over the Internet,
there are a few things you can do to increase the likelihood that someone will
buy them.

These ideas are highlighted in a study called Consumer Reactions to Electronic
Shopping on the World Wide Web, by Peter Todd of Queen's University in Kingston,
and Sirkka Jarvenpaa of the University of Texas at Austin.

From their thorough analysis of on-line marketing, one of the conclusions is:
you should recognize that the Internet is different from other marketing
channels and exploit its strengths while avoiding its weaknesses.

For example, an Internet store has the inherent ability to change prices quickly
in response to market pressures. Yet many of the 220 on-line shoppers and
browsers interviewed by the two researchers found that on-line prices were not
particularly competitive.

Unless you have a one-of-a-kind product or service, you have to offer discounts
to consumers. Most would-be buyers are certainly unwilling to pay a premium for
the right to shop on-line, considering they've already paid $4,000 for their
computer and are paying by the minute for their Internet connection.

While the study did not discuss payment methods, it did advise on-line stores to
focus on products that have a cost advantage due to lower distribution and
delivery costs.

The researchers also found that although many people were impressed with the
number of different retailers that can be found on-line, they were decidedly
unimpressed with the depth of the product lines in those stores. They were also
unhappy with the product descriptions, which often fall well short of the
standard set by print catalogue retailers.

If you can get a higher-definition picture from a catalogue, read a better
description and pay a lower price, what advantage is there to on-line shopping?

The researchers advise Web retailers to compare their sites with traditional
retail stores and make sure they have at least equivalent product depth, and to
compare their product information with that of catalogue retailers.

On-line marketers also have to overcome consumer fears about the standard of
products being sold. To match the quality of traditional retail channels, the
stores have to emphasize brand name products and provide information and
assurances about quality, the researchers say.

Electronic malls -- sites that bring together a variety of retailers -- must set
quality standards for all participating stores and should inspect the
merchandise being sold to make sure it meets minimum quality standards. The
researchers also recommend the creation of a "better business bureau" of the
World Wide Web to certify merchants.

If convenience is the major advantage of shopping on-line, stores had better
make sure they are convenient, which means providing search capabilities so that
consumers aren't left wandering through endless electronic aisles.

It also means providing meaningful product comparisons. One of the more
interesting findings of the research was that many on-line shoppers and browsers
found it easier to comparison shop in a physical mall than on-line.

Streamlined order processes -- for example, some kind of electronic form -- are
also critical to making life easier for shoppers.

Electronic malls would benefit if they could provide comparison shopping among
their own stores and the opportunity to buy related products or goods aimed at
the same type of consumer.

On-line stores should target shoppers who are most likely to be attracted to the
experience, such as people who hate malls, consumers in isolated areas or those
with limited mobility. Electronic malls should group stores together to appeal
to these specific market segments.

When it comes to creating your Web site, the authors advise that it should be
designed from the customer's perspective. Answer the questions that they are
likely to pose, such as return policies and guarantees.

In an electronic mall, create services that allow easy searches for products
across all the stores and require merchants to agree to policies that give
customers assurances. Act as the consumers' representative and provide
guidelines for the stores in their customer relations.

If they do all these things, it should be possible to sell goods or services
on-line -- provided, of course, that anyone knows where to find your offering on
the Internet.

Geoffrey Rowan can be reached by E-mail at  growan@GlobeAndMail.ca

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1996 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 26, 1992, Sunday, Final Edition

More Miami Vice

George P. Pelecanos

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; PAGE X9

LENGTH: 781 words


MARIMBA By Richard Hoyt Tor Books. 279 pp. $ 19.95

MIAMI's drug business is dubbed marimba by the region's Cuban-American
population, and those who play the game are known as marimbeiros. The
marimbeiros exist virtually untouchable in this seemingly lawless world, though
"lawless" is clearly an inaccurate description, since the law as depicted in
Richard Hoyt's supercharged new thriller is elemental in the perpetuation of the
drug trade. In Marimba, it is often difficult to tell the good guys from the
bad, as everyone -- cops, drug runners and government agents -- is in some way a
participant in the game.

James Burlane, ex-CIA man now working freelance for a high-level government
investigative committee, is on the surface the ultimate marimbeiro, a
wild-haired, wok-toting adventurer with only a backpack to his name. A pilot
legendary for his low-flying, suicidal runway takeoffs, Burlane goes by the
unlikely but ultrahip undercover moniker of Sid Khartoum. His exploits have
brought him close to a meeting with Colombia's top drug lord and chief exporter
to the U.S. market, but Burlane is after those who exploit marimba within the
law.

He's got his eye on Roberto Guzman, a dirty DEA agent taken to $ 1,500 suits,
luxury German automobiles and the latest video technology, which he uses to
record his kinky sexual exploits with the drug scene's willing young women who
"perform" indiscriminately on camera in exchange for high-octane, white-powder
lines. Guzman, in turn, has his eye on James Burlane.

Enter Katherine Donovan, an FBI agent on assignment who in her spare time is
searching for her crack-addicted sister Helen, lost in the underbelly of Miami.
Donovan's eyes -- one out for her sister and the other on Burlane and Guzman --
are open as well. She is also interested in the disappearance of several
undercover agents, some crooked and some not, whose bones have been found licked
clean, victims of an unusually ravenous member of the canine family.

The canine in question belongs to Santerian high-priestess Mima Martinez, leader
of a mini-drug empire and mother to two voluptuous, born-to-shop daughters and a
deadly, baseball-loving son. Mima's dog is a possessed Doberman, a killing
machine of rope-like muscle and razorish teeth, trained to protect the Martinez
compound, with a nurtured appetite for human flesh and blood. The dog's literal
and metaphoric name, rather predictably, is Marimba.

When Guzman falls in love with Mima's daughter Lourdes, and Burlane's apartment
is firebombed by the authorities, the action accelerates considerably. Burlane
and Donovan unite in an attempt to save both Helen and Guzman, who has been
earmarked by Mima Martinez as a sacrificial offering, dogfood as it were, for
Marimba. Undertaking this, the two of them realize that they are very much
alone. In Richard Hoyt's Miami, where 80 percent of the vice squad is on the
take, it's painfully obvious that the fish stinks quite pungently from the head
down.  HOYT, a former member of the intelligence community and a
Pulitzer-nominated journalist, knows the political intricacies of the drug trade
and its roots in Central America. He knows Miami, down to the local Cuban
diners, the warm night breezes, and the deceptively peaceful shades of sunset
that color the pastel rooming houses along the shore. He also knows how to
construct a thriller. Marimba is a wild ride into Carl Hiassen territory, dark
and nasty, with a dose of Elmore Leonard's casual evil added to the mix. Hoyt
manages the neat trick of sustaining quiet, effective suspense without the noise
and pyrotechnics of automatic weapons. The action percolates in the steady
rhythm of his prose.

Expert as its storytelling merits are, however, it is not as a thriller that
Marimba leaves its deepest impression. As the story nears its unexpectedly
populist, Capraesque ending in the chambers of a House Subcommittee Hearing,
Hoyt pleads a very convincing case for a logical if unpopular solution to the
drug problem. At this point the tone of the novel switches suddenly from
absurdity to a jarring realism -- for many of the endangered characters in the
book, the cavalry does not arrive as the reader expects -- and it becomes clear
that what is being dissected here is the nucleus of a festering, national
tragedy. While politicians and media pundits remain focused this election year
on unwed sitcom mothers and shrill, third-rate rappers, marimba stands in the
shadows, more powerful by the day, patiently waiting to satiate its hunger and
thirst on this country's youth.?

George Pelecanos is the author of the mystery-thriller "A Firing Offense," and
the forthcoming "Nick's Trip."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              528 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              June 6, 2014 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SeNDing 'A' message;
Rangers' Vigneault says B game won't beat Kings

BYLINE: Kevin Allen, kmallen@usatoday.com, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 436 words


One game into the Stanley Cup Final, coach Alain Vigneault already is warning
his New York Rangers to raise their performance level or expect to lose.

When Vigneault met with the news media Thursday, he had watched only a sampling
of video from the Rangers' 3-2 overtime loss to the Los Angeles Kings. But he
clearly was impressed, maybe even alarmed, by what he saw from the Kings.

"We're not going to beat this team if we do not all bring our A game," Vigneault
said bluntly, adding, "Our B game won't do it."

Vigneault called the Kings "one of the best teams I've seen in a long time."

Coaches don't usually rave about their opponent in a championship series, but
Vigneault seemed to be sending a message to his own team: Two quality periods of
play won't get the job done against a well-rounded Kings team that is more
dangerous offensively than the one that won the 2012 Stanley Cup.

"It's tough to exploit any areas, because they're that good," Vigneault said.

The more good things Vigneault said about the Kings, the more you had to wonder
whether he merely was planting seeds of overconfidence for the Kings.

Los Angeles has been impressive all spring, winning three Game7s on the road.

But the Kings are far from perfect. They were sluggish in the first period of
Game1 when the Rangers built a 2-0 lead.

Rangers defenseman Ryan McDonagh made the Kings sound more vulnerable than his
coach did.

"We knew they were going to push and test us physically," McDonagh said. "I
thought we matched it well."

McDonagh felt as if the Rangers broke the Kings' physical forecheck early in the
game and then Los Angeles got it rolling again in the third period.

"We had some big hits ourselves," McDonagh said. "We've got to look for
opportunities to be physical on them for our forecheck, our speed. It doesn't
have to be a big hit, but utilizing our legs, getting on the right side of guys,
creating turnovers. We feel like we can play that game."

Sounds as if McDonagh knows how to exploit the Kings, even if Vigneault doesn't.

Vigneault undoubtedly respects what the Kings can do on the ice, but there
likely is gamesmanship being mixed into his praise.

He clearly doesn't think they are invincible.

"Looking back at it, for 40 minutes we went head to head with them," Vigneault
said. "We were just one shot away. So I think our group can be better."

The part about being "one shot away" is critical. Vigneault appreciates the
Rangers could have won the game.

Today, Kings coach Darryl Sutter might be telling his players the Rangers are
better than everyone thinks and the Kings need to bring their A game if they
want to beat them.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           December 11, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

'All you can do is keep fighting';
Turnover-plagued Ravens losers of seven in row after big loss to Colts

BYLINE: Skip Wood

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 552 words


BALTIMORE -- They booed lustily, cheered derisively and, for the most part, left
early.

Sure, the steady bone-chilling rain Sunday night at M&T Bank Stadium had a lot
to do with the place being relatively empty by the beginning of the fourth
quarter, but don't think those fans would have departed had their Baltimore
Ravens come up with the same effort they did a week earlier in a near upset of
the New England Patriots.

Instead, the Ravens' seventh consecutive defeat was a 44-20 smackdown
administered by the Colts, who won world championships in this town before
bolting for Indianapolis 24 years ago.

Baltimore fans have all but grown weary of booing their once-beloved Colts, and
so it was that most of their ire Sunday night wasn't directed at the visitors
but at the bumbling and fumbling effort by the home team.

The score was 7-0, 14-0, 21-0 and then 23-0. Yet two minutes still remained in
the ... first quarter.

By the time the count rose to 30-zip early in the second quarter, the Ravens
already had a couple of turnovers and a punt blocked for a safety.

Hard to believe these same two teams were on this same field a little less than
a year ago for a playoff game.

As it is, the surging Colts are 11-2 while the Ravens are mired in a 4-9 funk
that has frustrated and confounded both the players and the fans.

For one thing, this is a team that prides itself on creating turnovers, and last
year's edition had a plus 17 in takeway/turnover ratio. This year: a
league-worst minus 17.

Injuries also have been a problem for Baltimore, but the same can be said of
most every team in the NFL. That's not to suggest Colts quarterback Peyton
Manning -- four touchdown passes -- didn't wisely exploit the absence of the
Ravens' two starting cornerbacks: Chris McAlister (knee) and Samari Rolle
(shoulder).

"All you can do is keep fighting," said Ravens linebacker Bart Scott, who
admitted the team grimly accepts the reality that this season will not extend
beyond Week17. "It's a tough situation. Peyton's a great player, and he saw a
weakness -- what he saw was a weakness -- and he tried to exploit it."

Baltimore began the season with veteran quarterback Steve McNair but was forced
to switch to longtime backup Kyle Boller early after McNair was injured. Boller
has played well at times and not so well at others, as evidenced by his three
interceptions against the Colts.

Another hit to the Ravens was a brutal schedule. Among the teams Baltimore has
played -- and lost to -- the last month and a half: the Pittsburgh Steelers
(9-4), the San Diego Chargers (8-5), the Patriots (13-0) and the Colts.

Up next are the winless Miami Dolphins.

Scott believes the stakes are high.

"You just keep playing, man -- you're not gonna quit," he said. "You don't want
to (hear) the guy on Miami ... saying, 'Hey, the one team we beat is the
Ravens.'"

The previous Monday night, Baltimore almost became the one team -- or at least
the first -- to beat New England.

But then the painful reality that has been 2007 came creeping back to the
Ravens.

"It was hugely disappointing to our fans, our players, the organization and
everybody to not follow up last Monday with a better game than that," Ravens
coach Brian Billick said. "All we know to do is to go back to work. I wish there
were a better answer than that, but I don't have it."

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Gail Burton, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                           October 18, 2007, Thursday

On the horizon: news from the frontiers of science

BYLINE: Peter N. Spotts

SECTION: FEATURES, CURRENTS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 650 words


Humanity's first seafood epicures

Surf and turf is a popular choice at many local bistros. It apparently was also
a hot combo 164,000 years ago.

Scientists sifting through remains in a South African coastal cave say they have
uncovered some of the earliest evidence yet for seafood consumption by Middle
Stone Age Homo sapiens. For millions of years, ancestors of the first
anatomically modern humans lived off of plants and land animals. For Homo
sapiens, who started to emerge in Africa some 200,000 years ago, seafood
represented one of the last major food sources humans learned to exploit before
they figured out how to domesticate plants and animals. Previous studies had
indicated that early humans began developing a taste for seafood some 125,000
years ago.

The remains indicate that the cave's inhabitants ate whelks, barnacles, mussels,
and limpets. The international team of researchers, led by Curt Marean and Peter
Nilssen of Arizona State University, notes that shellfish may have been crucial
to early human survival. At the time, the ice-age climate had dried out southern
Africa. This development would have reduced the land-based food supply for bands
of early humans, forcing them to exploit easy-to-reach food resources in tide
pools. The results appear in today's issue of the journal Nature.

Strange rain on Titan

Astronomers tracking weather on Saturn's moon Titan say they have spotted a
vast, high-altitude patch of clouds that drizzle liquid methane onto the moon's
surface. The cloud, which lies beneath higher-altitude clouds of frozen methane,
appears in the predawn period over the western foothills of a continent
scientists have named Xanadu.

Because of Titan's frigid temperatures, any water would be frozen solid. But
hydrocarbons such as methane liquefy and go through similar processes of
evaporation, condensation, and precipitation.

Astronomers trained the 10-meter Keck telescope in Hawaii and the European
Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in Chile on the moon and used
infrared imaging to tease out the liquid-methane cloud, which appears at an
altitude of about 19 miles above Titan's surface. Modeling results indicate that
the drizzle droplets are about one millimeter across.

Because the cloud appears as dawn breaks - Titan's "day" is 16 Earth days long -
and dissipates after the moon's lengthy "midmorning," the drizzle events could
be analogous to conditions on Earth in which on-shore winds drive moist air
toward coastal mountains. There, the air rises and moisture falls out as rain,
notes Imke de Pater, a University of California at Berkeley astronomer and a
member of the team reporting the discovery. The results appear in the current
issue of Science Express, the online companion to the journal Science.

Pesky reed has a deadly weapon

US wetlands have come under increasing pressure from an invasive reed, and
scientists have traced its success to a vile criminal act - it poisons
surrounding plants.

The perpetrator in this case is an imported form of Phragmites australis, a reed
found throughout the world. While a less-aggressive strain existed in the US
before the more aggressive form was imported, the import has been expanding its
turf at the expense of a range of native wetlands plants, researchers say. Until
now, however, the key to its success was unknown.

A team led by biologist Harsh Bais found that P. australis's roots emit a toxin
acidic enough to destroy cells in the roots of neighboring plants. Many plants
are known to release toxins that discourage other species from growing nearby -
a bit like setting up biochemical No Trespassing signs. But P. australis's
toxins actively destroy its neighbors.

Armed with this information, researchers say they hope to develop strategies to
counter the invasion. The results appear in the current issue of the Journal of
Chemical Ecology.

(c) Copyright 2007. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             August 25, 2006 Friday

Everyday Ethics: Loading zone as parking lot

BYLINE: Randy Cohen EVERYDAY ETHICS

SECTION: RELIGION; Features

LENGTH: 474 words


Since my firm reopened in New Orleans, I've been parking illegally in a loading
zone. Enforcement is sporadic, so I average only about one $20 ticket a week,
which is cheaper than putting the car in a lot. Friends say it's unethical to
exploit a broken municipal system. I say I harm nobody: There are no businesses
open on this block, so nobody to use the loading zone. What do you say? - Nicole
Marie Benoit, New Orleans

In this particular case, I'm with you. With no businesses on the block, the
purpose of the loading zone is obviated, and you do no harm in parking there.
But as a general matter, your friends are correct. You should obey the law even
when enforcement is spotty and getting caught a bargain.

A fine is not a fee for the right to break the law; it is a device for
discouraging misconduct. While fines certainly raise money for your city, there
is a distinction between a permit and a penalty, between a legitimate cost of
doing business and the obligations of civic virtue.

I'm a hotel bartender. We have a regular, a drunk who throws 10s and 20s around
with the abandon of a cartoon millionaire. When his money runs out - and it does
fast - he subsists on peanut butter for the rest of the month. I cannot
conscionably serve him. Other servers take his huge tips, contending that if
they do not, he will just drink elsewhere. Who is right?

- Aaron Mace, Austin, Texas

You are. Need we refute that fatuous apologia, ''If I don't do it, someone else
will''? Someone else will do anything. And then make a TV show about it. But
conduct must be judged on its merits, not its prevalence. And while you can't
reform the world (or your cynical co-workers), you can refuse to exploit this
hapless sot, whose fat tips are not gifts freely proffered but symptoms of a
real problem.

Update: Eventually the manager banned this regular. He now drinks upstairs at a
second bar in the same hotel.

In applying for a job, my partner completed the first phase of phone interviews,
and the potential employer wants to fly her out for an in-person interview with
this stipulation: If they offer the job and she declines, she must reimburse
them for the cost of her visit. This seems coercive. Is it ethical?

- Becky Corran, Tucson, Ariz.

Talk about upping the ante: If the interview results in an offer but reveals the
job to be unappealing, your friend loses out on work and gets slapped with a
bill for her travel. This policy is tightfisted but not unethical and not
''coercive,'' a word more aptly applied to the press gangs that gave a different
sort of job interview to British seamen. I can understand the potential
employer's desire to screen out frivolous applicants, and he was not deceitful -
he wasn't running a travel scam, just pinching pennies at the job candidates'
expense.

Update: The partner declined the trip and took a job elsewhere.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           February 2, 1989 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

LOUGANIS LOOKING ANXIOUSLY FOR A DRY RUN IN THE MOVIES;
DIVING

BYLINE: Source: New York Times

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 546 words


DALLAS, Wednesday: What's an Olympic champion to do? Now that Greg Louganis has
decided to devote himself to acting rather than diving, he can't find a movie
role that allows him to keep his clothes on.

No, the Hollywood types aren't offering Louganis roles in porno flicks. But they
do insist that he plays an athlete, preferably a diver, who saves the day while
running around in a pair of very brief swimming trunks.

And Louganis has looked over parts calling for him to play the ladies' man,
which of course would exploit his physique, not test his acting skills.

"The majority of the scripts that have been offered to me outright call for me
to play the jock ... or the gigolo," Louganis said. "They usually don't like for
me to keep my clothes on.

"I'm avoiding those types, the typecasting, those stereotypes. I'm most
interested in the parts that stretch me as an actor. Something that would be
unusual. Something people would watch and say, 'Hey, that's that diver
guy,'instead of 'Oh well, that's a natural part, he's playing a jock, playing
himself'."

Louganis, who has won four Olympic gold medals, including two last September at
the Seoul Games, is still diving.

The 28-year-old was in Dallas for an exhibition on Saturday night, his second of
the year. He has another scheduled within a month. Louganis is also a member of
the national speaking circuit, giving his message to try the arts rather than
drugs and alcohol.

There is a hefty cost to bring Louganis to your swimming meeting or your
athletics banquet, so Louganis isn't forced to live the life of a struggling
actor, complete with the coackroach-infested apartment and days filled with odd
jobs.

In fact he is living in Malibu, a ritzy beach community near Los Angeles, while
he considers whether to stay near Hollywood and the movies or transfer to New
York for a try at Broadway.

He retired from competitive diving after spending a taxing week at the Olympics
defending his springboard and platform titles.

Louganis is not trying to exploit his gold medals for an acting career along the
lines of those pursued by former aquatic heroes Buster Crabbe and Johnny
Weissmuller. Rather, his decision to try acting was made 10 years ago, when he
began taking lessons.

"This is something I've been thinking about for a long time," Louganis said.

But diving isn't quite out of his system. During the interview, members of the
Southern Methodist University diving team were practising on the springboard.

Louganis often would look wistfully out at the diving pool and talk of how he
missed the work-outs. During his Olympic career, which started in 1976 and ended
four months ago, he would work out twice a day, six days a week. His work-out
time since he retired has been cut in half.

"I'd never thought I'd say this, I really miss training," he said. "Right now,
working out, training, is a luxury, it really is. I don't miss the competition,
or at least I don't think I'll miss it.

"That last week in Seoul was a rough one. I got the competition out of my
system."

But as Louganis spent a few moments talking about his future, he also conceded
his past successes will follow him, at least financially.

"As far as how long this attention will last, who knows," he said.

At least let it last until that right part comes along.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cartoon: Greg Louganis ... won't dive into just any role. By Moir.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1989 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

Departments of Justice, Homeland Security and Labor Announce Selection of Phase
II Anti-Trafficking Coordination Teams

LENGTH: 800  words


The U.S. Departments of Justice, Homeland Security and Labor announced today the
selection of six new Anti-Trafficking Coordination Teams.  These teams will lead
Phase II of the ACTeam Initiative, an interagency effort to streamline federal
criminal investigations and prosecutions of human trafficking offenses.

The six new ACTeams will be based in Cleveland; Minneapolis; Newark, New Jersey;
Portland, Maine; Portland, Oregon; and Sacramento, California.  Each team will
serve under the leadership of the local U.S. Attorney and the highest-ranking
federal investigative agents in the regional field offices of the FBI, U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and Department of Labor.

Human trafficking robs victims of their liberty, exploits them for labor and for
sex, and infringes not only on their rights, but on their essential humanity,
said Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch.  Through the ACTeam Initiative, we are
harnessing resources across the federal government to ensure that our
multi-agency fight against human trafficking is as comprehensive and effective
as possible.  In the days and months ahead, the Department of Justice will
continue to work alongside our federal partners to prosecute wrongdoing, support
survivors, and bring this devastating crime to an end.

The Anti-Trafficking Coordination Team (ACTeam) Initiative is an important tool
in our collective ability to combat sex trafficking, forced labor and domestic
servitude here in the United States, said Secretary Jeh C. Johnson of Homeland
Security.  It highlights our commitment to increase capacity to rescue victims
and bring perpetrators of these terrible crimes to justice.  Our collective
efforts are amplified when we work together in furtherance of shared missions
like this.  And, through DHSs Blue Campaign, we will remain focused on ending
human trafficking in the United States.

A trafficking victim shouldnt have to spend time trying to determine whether
they have a Department of Labor issue or a Department of Justice issue, said
Secretary Thomas Perez of the Department of Labor.  Their basic rights are being
violated, and we can accomplish so much more to redress those crimes when we
work together.  The Anti-Trafficking Coordination Team Initiative, by bringing
our respective departments collective resources and expertise to bear, is
helping us build a whole even greater than the sum of our individual parts.

Human trafficking is a modern day form of slavery that destroys lives and
exploits the most vulnerable in our society, said Director James B. Comey of the
FBI.  These Anti-Trafficking Coordination Teams are the most effective way to
investigate human trafficking by allowing us to work in a collaborative,
victim-oriented manner.

The new teams were selected by unanimous consensus of the Federal Enforcement
Working Group after a rigorous, competitive and nationwide selection process.
The group includes subject matter experts from the Department of Justice
(including the Civil Rights Divisions Human Trafficking Prosecution Unit, the
Executive Office of U.S. Attorneys and the FBIs Civil Rights Unit); the
Department of Homeland Security (including ICE and Homeland Security
Investigations Human Smuggling and Trafficking Unit); and the Department of
Labor (including the Office of the Inspector General and the Wage and Hour
Division).

The new ACTeams will collaborate with the human-trafficking subject matter
experts in the Federal Enforcement Working Group to implement a strategic action
plan in their respective districts.  Over the next two years, teams are expected
to develop high-impact federal investigations and prosecutions, dismantle
human-trafficking networks, vindicate the rights of human-trafficking victims
and bring traffickers to justice.

Launched in 2011 by the Attorney General and Secretaries of Labor and Homeland
Security, the ACTeam Initiative established six Phase I ACTeams in Atlanta; El
Paso, Texas; Kansas City, Missouri; Los Angeles; Memphis, Tennessee; and Miami.
In these ACTeam districts, prosecutions of forced labor, international sex
trafficking and adult sex trafficking rose even more markedly than they did
nationally.  For instance, the number of defendants convicted rose 86 percent in
ACTeam districts, compared to 14 percent in non-ACTeam districts, and 26 percent
nationwide.  Based on this demonstrated record of success, Attorney General
Lynch, Labor Secretary Perez and Homeland Security Secretary Johnson launched
Phase II of the ACTeam Initiative earlier this year.  The fight against human
trafficking remains a top priority for the three officials and they have
committed to collaborating with other governmental and non-governmental partners
to continue to enhance their anti-trafficking efforts. 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 12, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Flexera Software LLC (Illinois) on November 11 titled as
"Protecting remote asset against data exploits utilizing an embedded key
generator"

LENGTH: 243  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,886,964, on
November 11, 2014, to Flexera Software LLC (Illinois), titled as "Protecting
remote asset against data exploits utilizing an embedded key generator"

Inventors:  Tonkinson; Charles (Henley-on-Thames, GB)
Assignee:  Flexera Software LLC (Itasca, IL)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "Some
embodiments include a method of using different keys from an embedded key
generator for each update of a trusted storage to mitigate common user-based
exploits (clone, restore, tamper) of the trusted storage. The method includes:
retrieving a key generator certificate from the key generator; requesting the
key generator to generate a key associated with a key authenticator and to
return a key handle associated with the key; generating a request to the key
generator, the request including the key handle, the key authenticator, and a
record to be maintained in the trusted storage; and in response to receiving an
encrypted record from the key generator, storing the encrypted record associated
with the first key handle and an authenticator generation formula in the trusted
storage in a computing device, wherein the encrypted record is encrypted via the
above key."

The patent was filed on April 24, 2014 Application no. 14/261,026

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 29, 1991, Monday, Late Edition - Final

A CUNY Lesson in Goring the Wrong Ox

BYLINE: By JOSEPH BERGER

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1244 words


The collapse of the protest that disrupted the City University of New York for
three weeks shows clearly that students were grappling with a different universe
of forces than in victorious insurrections of the past.

The students' argument this time -- over a $500 tuition increase and cuts in
spending and financial aid -- was entirely with Gov. Mario M. Cuomo and the
State Legislature, and not at all with the university itself. There were no
local grievances, like grading policies, around which students coalesced in 1989
that served to broaden opposition to tuition increases.

But by tying up the university, not Albany, the protesters were hurting only the
students and professors they were putatively trying to help. "It was a more
symbolic kind of thing than an actual confrontation with the people who could
deliver what they wanted," said Bernard Sohmer, a mathematics professor who is
chairman of the Faculty Senate at City College in Harlem.

After students at Hostos Community College in the Bronx abandoned their siege
yesterday, City College and Hunter College in Manhattan were the only campuses
where buildings were still occupied.

When the university-wide protest dragged on into the third week, initially
sympathetic fellow students, many of whom struggle to survive at the university
while holding down jobs and raising small children, turned against the
occupiers.

Last Thursday evening nursing hopefuls and other students sickened by the
possibility that a lost semester could endanger their ability to sit for their
professional licenses staged a counterrevolution of sorts and retook the Borough
of Manhattan Community College.

"You have a right to protest, and we have a right to our education!" one nursing
student yelled as the group of about 200 chased the protesters out of the
offices they had seized.

In 1989 protesting students could exploit a sharp conflict between Mr. Cuomo and
the Legislature to win a rollback of a $200 tui tion increase. Mr. Cuomo had
always opposed the tuition increase, and when the protests crippled 16 of the
university's 21 colleges and graduate centers, he could use the fervor of their
sentiments to strengthen his case with the Legislature.

"He cut our budget and became a hero," said Mr. Sohmer, remembering with tongue
in cheek how Mr. Cuomo dealt with that crisis.

No Conflict to Exploit

This time there was no conflict to exploit. Mr. Cuomo is the one who proposed
the tuition increase, a financial aid cut of up to $400 and a $92 million
reduction in university services. Some key legislators, like Assembly Speaker
Mel Miller, may differ with his apportioning of the amounts, but they agree that
some increases in university revenue through tuition and substantial spending
cuts are necessary.

Those calculations point to a third major difference between this spring's
protests and earlier ones. The university's problems are merely a drop in a $6
billion shortfall in a budget the state is close to a month late in adopting.

Tens of thousands of government workers are fearful of losing their jobs. Ten of
thousands of patients worry about their Medicaid benefits. To mangle a line from
the film "Casablanca," the problems of 200,000 university students may be worth
more than a hill of beans to the legislators in this world, but not that much
more.

"Everybody's unhappy," one Cuomo administration official said. "There's a lot of
people coming at the Legislature, and a lot of people who mean a lot more to
their political lives."

This fiscal background made the spring's protests far more like the one in 1976,
when the city was on the brink of bankruptcy and a healthy state government, as
its price for assuming many of the university's costs, imposed a tuition charge
for the first time. In that atmosphere, student protests also proved futile.

Firm Hand by Chancellor

Another important spur for the protesters' retreat was the firm hand taken by
the university's new Chancellor, Dr. W. Ann Reynolds, a native Kansan who came
to New York by way of the chancellorship of California state university system.

Her predecessor, Joseph S. Murphy, was the son of a labor organizer and an
ideological socialist with far more visceral sympathy for the plight of the
students than Dr. Reynolds.

Mr. Murphy, who could spout Yiddish from his mother's side and Gaelic from his
father's, was also more in tune with the city's intricate political ballets.

When the protests erupted in 1989, Mr. Murphy, not unaware of the split between
the Governor and the Legislature, chose to meet with the students.

"His method was to try to defuse the protest as a matter of style," said one
senior university official who spoke on condition of anonymity.

The students rebuffed him, demanding to see the Governor. Both Mr. Murphy and
the students knew their best hope lay with Mr. Cuomo.

Dr. Reynolds, who also opposed tuition increases and aid cuts, refused to meet
with protesters until they cleared out of the buildings. From the beginning, she
let all the college presidents know she expected them to deal forcefully with
the demonstrators.

In the complex web of university authority, some presidents like Dr. Bernard W.
Harleston at City College chose to apply their own judgments about the local
nature of their campuses and declined to seek court orders against the
protesters. But many presidents did heed Dr. Reynolds, using the police or
security guards backed up by the police to rout the demonstrators on at least
six campuses.

When Dr. Reynolds then began hearing that Mayor David N. Dinkins favored the use
of force only as a last resort and only if backed by court orders, she did not
simply resign herself to a drawn-out siege. She arranged meetings with First
Deputy Mayor Norman Steisel and Milton Mollen, the Deputy Mayor for Public
Safety, to pin them down about what the police would actually do.

In the predawn hours of Friday, 300 police officers, backed by court orders,
removed protesters at Bronx Community College, and early Saturday the police
cleared York, Lehman and New York City Technical Colleges.

"My impression at the campuses where the police were called was that there was
relief on the part of student protesters," said Mr. Sohmer. "They had a reason
to get out."

All along, the protest's strategy seemed poorly focused and failed to generate
enough support to get through a long haul. It never gathered any steam at major
campuses like Brooklyn and Queens Colleges. At the Graduate Center in midtown
Manhattan, the chief reason for occupying the building seemed to some professors
to be a need for that campus to express itself. The professors sensed such a
thin rationale would not hold up for very long, and it did not.

At City College, where the major classroom building was still held by protesters
yesterday, the leaders of the takeover had what Mr. Sohmer described as "an
agenda which has nothing to do with CUNY at all." With no way to get their
demands negotiated, these students seemed bogged down in one tactic --
occupation.

"After your symbolic acts, you either have to do something new or stop doing
that," said Mr. Sohmer. "They continued to do the same thing which lost them
sympathy from people who were sympathetic."

The patience of the majority of students began to wear thin. Many made their
unhappiness known, and their will seemed to break the will of the students
holding the buildings.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News Analysis

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              536 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium Distinguished Speaker
Presentation

LENGTH: 198  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Drexel University, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following Event
release:

AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium Distinguished Speaker Presentation
Start Date:  3/31/2015 Start Time:  12:00 PM
End Date:  3/31/2015 End Time:  1:00 PM
Share on emailShare on facebookShare on twitterShare on more

Event Description
AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium
Distinguished Speaker Presentation - Dr. Hal Berghel

The Future of Digital Money Laundering
This talk investigates several types of digital money laundering, characterized
by source (failed states, state-aware, keptocratic states, terrorists,
extremists and individuals), means (credit- and debit-card exploits,
international funds transfers, klepto-banks, "gift-card" exploits), and purpose
(terrorism, narco-trafficking, electronic crime, internet fraud); these
categories are introduced by their identifying events of interest. Implications
on shadow economies, degrees of sophistication and case studies will also be
discussed. Each crime will be explicitly linked geographically and politically
to sources, and may include discussion of actual cases. Several micro- and
macro-level mitigation strategies will be discussed.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 24, 2015 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium Distinguished Speaker
Presentation

LENGTH: 198  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Drexel University, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following Event
release:

AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium Distinguished Speaker Presentation
Start Date:  3/31/2015 Start Time:  12:00 PM
End Date:  3/31/2015 End Time:  1:00 PM
Share on emailShare on facebookShare on twitterShare on more

Event Description
AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium
Distinguished Speaker Presentation - Dr. Hal Berghel

The Future of Digital Money Laundering
This talk investigates several types of digital money laundering, characterized
by source (failed states, state-aware, keptocratic states, terrorists,
extremists and individuals), means (credit- and debit-card exploits,
international funds transfers, klepto-banks, "gift-card" exploits), and purpose
(terrorism, narco-trafficking, electronic crime, internet fraud); these
categories are introduced by their identifying events of interest. Implications
on shadow economies, degrees of sophistication and case studies will also be
discussed. Each crime will be explicitly linked geographically and politically
to sources, and may include discussion of actual cases. Several micro- and
macro-level mitigation strategies will be discussed.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

Pennsylvania: AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium Distinguished Speaker
Presentation

LENGTH: 198  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Drexel University, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following Event
release:

AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium Distinguished Speaker Presentation
Start Date:  3/31/2015 Start Time:  12:00 PM
End Date:  3/31/2015 End Time:  1:00 PM
Share on emailShare on facebookShare on twitterShare on more

Event Description
AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium
Distinguished Speaker Presentation - Dr. Hal Berghel

The Future of Digital Money Laundering
This talk investigates several types of digital money laundering, characterized
by source (failed states, state-aware, keptocratic states, terrorists,
extremists and individuals), means (credit- and debit-card exploits,
international funds transfers, klepto-banks, "gift-card" exploits), and purpose
(terrorism, narco-trafficking, electronic crime, internet fraud); these
categories are introduced by their identifying events of interest. Implications
on shadow economies, degrees of sophistication and case studies will also be
discussed. Each crime will be explicitly linked geographically and politically
to sources, and may include discussion of actual cases. Several micro- and
macro-level mitigation strategies will be discussed.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Celeb list of Roo hooker

BYLINE: JERRY LAWTON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 274 words


WAYNE Rooney's hooker yesterday revealed she knows a married celeb who obtained
gagging orders to mask his affairs with three women.

; Helen Wood, who said Rooney paid her £1,000 for a threesome with another call
girl while his wife Coleen, 25, was pregnant, attacked super-injunctions as a
rich man's privilege to mask their randy antics.

; She said she knew of "countless" stars who had got court orders to cover up
their affairs.

; One, whose wife has recently had a baby, had three to cover up his exploits
with three women, she claimed.

; Helen, 24, who is at the centre of an injunction involving a married actor,
said: "It seems to be men that do get protected more than anybody.

; "But if you have got the money, you can protect your name. You can do what the
hell you like even if you are in the public eye.

; "They can behave exactly how they want to behave with who they like and, so
long as they have got a hell of a lot of money, they can go and protect
themselves and that is setting a bad example."

; As revealed in the Daily Star Helen, from Bolton, plans to pen a book about
her exploits as a vice girl and could name her famous clients.

; It would be published abroad to get round gagging orders.

; She said it was unfair she had suffered a "nightmare" after her past had been
exposed while men were being protected in spite of their adultery and kinky
sexual preferences.

; Meanwhile, complaints about Rooney, 25, swearing into a camera have not been
upheld by TV watchdog Ofcom because he was as "not clearly audible".

; He was seen to say "f***" while celebrating a goal in the team's game against
West Ham, broadcast live on Sky Sports.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ON CALL: Helen in Manchester yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2011 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             October 6, 2006 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Gwinnett Opinions;
Hooters is coming to town

BYLINE: JACQUELINE BULLARD; For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: GWINNETT NEWS; Pg. 5J

LENGTH: 405 words


They're probably making lists and checking them twice.

Guess we'll find out who's naughty or nice.

Hooters is coming to town.

That's right, the Howard Stern of restaurants is opening in Lawrenceville in
early December. Looks like they'll be hustlin' hot food on Duluth Highway just
before Santa's sleigh bells start to ring.

All together now: Ho, ho, ho, hot wings.

For this frisky franchise, Lawrenceville is just one more red dot on their
worldwide map of continents conquered. Atlanta-based Hooters of America, Inc.
counts more than 435 locations worldwide and 25,000 employees including 15,000
Hooters Girls who wear next to nothing.

They also count on you to believe them to be big supporters of women's rights.
They make statements like a woman has a right to any job, be it Supreme Court
Justice or Hooters Girl. And a woman has a right to use sex appeal for a job
just like a top supermodel would, be it Naomi Campbell or Cindy Crawford.

They also say claiming Hooters exploits attractive women is as ridiculous as
saying the NFL exploits men who are big and fast.

Surprisingly, I probably agree with most of these arguments, except for the very
last. Who's to say being scantily clad in an issue of Vogue is morally superior
to being scantily clad in a restaurant?

Still, when the Hooters sign first appeared at the construction site near my
house, my 11-year-old son asked me what it was all about.

"Huh?"

"What's a Hooters?"

"What?"

"What's a Hooters?"

I stalled, trying to think where would I begin this explanation. With a little
twist on the children's tale, "The Owl and the Pussycat?" Or with a quick story
of the birds and the bees selling chicken wings?

But I said nothing. Why bother? In 10 years, I'll let him explain the virtues of
this place to me. In the meantime, I don't think they should bother having a
Hooters children's menu because I think customers should be at least 18.

Luckily for me, my son stopped asking about Hooters. He was more interested in
watching the dump trucks clearing the last remaining mounds of dirt from the
area than me trying to explain about the short shorts.

Is having women hustle hot food in too-tight T-shirts and shorty-short orange
shorts degrading? Or does this even matter since we're only talking about a
restaurant serving seafood, sandwiches and chicken wings?

* Jacqueline Bullard posts a new blog each Wednesday on ajc.com's Gwinnett
Lawrenceville page: www.ajc.com/yourlawrenceville.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: JACQUELINE BULLARD/ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              541 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                            February 13, 2009 Friday
                        1 - First with the news Edition

Love is in the air . . .

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 819  words


THEY are the new king and queen of Camelot. It's a modern love story that has
captivated the world. As Michelle and Barack Obama prepare to celebrate their
first Valentine's Day in the White House, Americans so covet their marriage,
that a relationship expert is now giving followers advice on how to emulate
their union.

``There's a definite mystique about them,'' says Michelle McKinney Hammond, who
recently modified her workshops to include a segment on ``keeping your romance
together, Obama-style''.

Hammond, a Chicago-based relationship coach who has sold more than two million
books worldwide, said she decided to add the topic after receiving many
questions on how to emulate the President and First Lady's marriage.

``You want to look all googly-eyed at your husband like Michelle does and you
want him to look all googly-eyed at you like Barack does with Michelle,''
Hammond said. Theirs is a great love story. In 1989, she was working at a
downtown law firm and assigned the role of adviser to a summer associate from
Harvard, Barack Obama.

He reportedly didn't have much interest in corporate law, but did have a lot of
interest in Michelle.

She said ``she fell in love with him for the same reason many other people
respect him; his connection with people".

After refusing to go out with Barack for a month, Michelle agreed to spend the
day with him. They went to the art institute, had lunch at an outdoor cafe,
walked and talked, saw the movie Do the Right Thing, and had a drink on the 99th
floor of the John Hancock building. The rest, as they say, is history,

To celebrate Valentine's Day, The Courier-Mail has put together a list of great
love affairs.

1. Bonnie and Clyde

PARTNERS in love and crime. The notorious gangster couple and their exploits
have been so romanticised in history (including in the film starring Faye
Dunaway and Warren Beatty, above), they are now seen as Romeo and Juliet with
machineguns. A nation followed the exploits of the outlaws and robbers who, with
their gang, plundered central United States during the Great Depression. They
captured the attention of the press during what is sometimes referred to as the
``public enemy era'' - 1931-35. They were killed on May 23, 1934, on a desolate
road near their Louisiana hideout, by a posse of Texas and Louisiana law
officers.

2. Bogey and Bacall

THEIR love was so great songs have even been written to celebrate it. When
Lauren Bacall burst on to the silver screen in 1994, aged just 19, with an
incendiary performance in To Have and Have Not opposite Humphrey Bogart, she was
hailed as ``the next big thing''. Certainly, as a double act, Bogey and Bacall
became living legends as one of the great Hollywood partnerships.

3. Taylor and Burton

ONE of the the most tumultuous love affairs in history. They loved - and hated -
each other so much they married twice during the 1960s and '70s. The first
marriage took place in Montreal. Their second marriage occurred 16 months after
their divorce, in Botswana. In 1964, the couple adopted a three-year-old German
girl they named Maria. The relationship they portrayed in Who's Afraid of
Virginia Woolf? was likened to Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor's real-life
marriage.

4. Brangelina

THE impossibly beautiful Hollywood couple met on the set of Mr & Mrs Smith and
the rest, as they say, is history. Now, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie share a
life, a large brood of rainbow children and Oscar nominations.

5. Woodward and Newman

ONE of the most enduring Hollywood partnerships, the long-lasting marriage of
Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward was one of the most famous among the famous.
Joanne and Paul met in 1953 while both were working in the Broadway production
of Picnic. In 1957 they worked together in the movie The Long, Hot Summer. They
celebrated their golden anniversary last January. Newman died last September.

7. Rudd and Rein

THE Prime Minister and his wife Therese met at a gathering of the Australian
Student Christian Movement during his university years and married in 1981. She
is the quintessential woman behind the man. The rich and powerful businesswoman
even sacrificed some of her business interests to support her husband before the
2007 election.

8. Homer and Marge Simpson

THEIR love has managed to survive and thrive despite challenging children, funny
voices, bad drawing and abject stupidity. Oh, and Selma and Patty.

6. Bill and Melinda Gates

HE was once the richest man in the world. She worked for him as a marketing
manager at Microsoft. Bill proposed marriage to Melinda in 1993 when he
``secretly diverted a chartered plane they were taking home from Palm Springs
one Sunday night to land in Omaha. Good friend Warren Buffett met them there,
arranged to have a jewellery store open, and helped them pick a ring". Although
they live a life of privilege and power, they now work together to give much of
their wealth away through their philanthropic foundation.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Camden County, New Jersey, Man Arraigned On Child Pornography, Sexual
Exploitation Charges

LENGTH: 486  words


CAMDEN, N.J.  A Camden County, New Jersey, man was arraigned today on an
indictment returned last week by a federal grand jury in Camden for allegedly
possessing and distributing images of child sex abuse and also for conspiring to
sexually exploit two minor children, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Alexander Capasso, 42, of Collingswood, New Jersey, appeared before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Karen M. Williams and was detained without bail.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

Capasso was originally charged by complaint in July 2015 by the Washington,
D.C., U.S. Attorneys Office with receiving and distributing images of child
pornography after having sent several images of child pornography to an
undercover law enforcement officer. The case was transferred to the District of
New Jersey by the filing of a complaint in November 2015. The indictment
returned last week charges one count of conspiracy to sexually exploit two minor
children, five counts of distribution of images of child pornography and one
count of possession of additional images of child pornography. Capasso has been
held in federal custody since his July 20, 2015 arrest.

In July 2015, Capasso answered an ad placed by an undercover officer and began a
series of communications by which Capasso sought sexually explicit images of
children from the officer and sent images containing child pornographic images
to the officer. As a result of the communications, federal agents obtained a
search warrant for Capassos home and seized various electronic media containing
numerous additional images and videos of child sexual abuse. Included among
those images were photographs and videos of two minor children manufactured by
Capasso and his ex-girlfriend in southern New Jersey.

The count of conspiracy to sexually exploit children carries a mandatory minimum
penalty of 15 years in prison, a maximum potential penalty of 30 years in prison
and a $250,000 fine.  The distribution of child pornography counts each carry a
mandatory minimum penalty of five years in prison, a maximum possible penalty of
20 years in prison and fine of $250,000 per count. The count of possession of
child pornography carries a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a
$250,000.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, Philadelphia Division,
under the direction of Special Agent in Charge William Sweeney, and the
Washington, D.C., Field Office, under the direction of Assistant Director in
Charge Paul M. Abbate, with the investigation leading to the charges.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Diana Carrig of the
U.S. Attorneys Office in Camden.

The charges and allegations contained in the indictment are merely accusations,
and the defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

Defense counsel: Gilbert J. Scutti Esq., Voorhees, New Jersey 2016 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            August 26, 2008 Tuesday

Meet the RAM raiders

BYLINE:  Steve Boggan

SECTION: FEATURES; Times2; Pg.6

LENGTH: 2450 words


They have a reputation for sneaking around the internet, stealing our money and
identities, even threatening national security. But Steve Boggan meets the White
Hats, hackers who spot security breaches and are a powerful force for good

I have just found a new best friend and his name is Pyr0. I didn't choose him
because he is entertaining or fun to be with - although he is both. Nope, it's
just that, more than anything, you wouldn't want Pyr0 to be your enemy.

Got anthrax in your laboratory? Pyr0 could steal it. Millions of dollars in a
virtual bank account? He could spirit it away. A Lotus Esprit guarded by
invisible motion sensors? It's gone in less than 60 seconds. Pyr0 is a hacker.
In fact, he is just about the scariest hacker you could possibly imagine, a man
who can get into any computer, past any security system and through any door
just for fun.

With his sidekicks Ryan Jones, 33, and Chris Nickerson, 29, from Denver,
Colorado, Pyr0 - a.k.a 30-year-old Luke McOmie - has breached security at banks,
biolabs, hospitals, financial trading houses, law firms and multimillion dollar
companies from Beverly Hills to New York. If you are a mover and shaker in the
world of security, these guys are your worst nightmare - or, perhaps, the answer
to your prayers.

Because, while he once flirted with the seamier side of the hacker world, Pyr0
is now one of the good guys, a man paid tens of thousands of dollars a week to
put his knowledge of the dark arts to use in capers that wouldn't look out of
place in a Mission Impossible movie.

I find him in Las Vegas, milling around Defcon, the annual gathering of hackers
from all over the world. This is where you come if you're an aspiring script
kiddie wanting to hone your hacking skills; or a security consultant eager to
warn of a new threat; a Black Hat hacker looking for a fresh criminal
enterprise; or an undercover spook seeking out solutions to The Next Big Thing,
the smart threat that could take down a country's infrastructure.

This year, its 16th, Defcon is held at the Riviera Hotel and Casino on Las Vegas
Boulevard, a fitting venue you might say, given that it was one of the settings
for the original Ocean's Eleven movie. Some 8,000 individuals, mostly white
males dressed in combat pants and black T-shirts, are here to hack and play. At
a gathering like this, there is a whiff of anarchy in the air. These guys might
look geeky but they're smart, and they know it. There are pony tailed
consultants made rich on the ignorance and paranoia of the rest of us. There are
wan kids with "I live in my parents' basement" stickers on their Apple Macs or
"Carpe Noctem" emblazoned on their T-shirts. There are talks and workshops where
the jargon could turn a hyperactive child into a narcoleptic (Time-Based Blind
SQL Injections Using Heavy Queries: A Practical Approach to MS SQL Server, MS
Access, Oracle, MySQL Databases and Marathon Tool, anyone?). There are fat boys
who really should get out more and sexy girls in PVC and stockings. There are
parties with naked table dancers and competitions where hackers hack hackers or
try to spot undercover FBI agents.

It all sounds like fun, and it is. But underlying all this chaos is something
serious, something that goes to the heart of all our lives, to commerce,
industry and travel, to communications, health and entertainment: The survival
and viability of the world wide web. Because unbeknown to most of us, there is a
constant battle between the forces of good and evil over how the internet and
its attendant technology should be used or abused. This annual gathering is one
of the reasons why, so far, the forces of good are on top.

So, what exactly are hackers, what motivates them and what is it exactly that
they do? The word hacker means different things to different people. It has
fallen into common parlance to mean someone who breaks into other people's
private computer networks or websites, usually to cause unwanted mischief or to
steal money. In fact, a hacker can be much more than that.

We will talk about Pyr0 and the dark side a little later. First, however, I meet
Jon Callas, one of the world's foremost cryptographers, a man whose sole aim is
to make the internet safer for us all to use. He has been working with computers
since the 1970s and he has watched as the meaning of hacking has changed.

"Back then, before the internet, it meant to manipulate something to do
something it wasn't intended for," he says. Now the chief technology officer for
the PGP Corporation, a major computer security software firm, Callas still has
the pony-tailed shambolic look that only a man at the top of his game can carry
off in the boardroom. "You would find solutions to problems with things you had
available - we used to say we made furniture with an axe. And when you'd
finished, you called the end product 'a good hack'.

"It was different back then. You would contact people like IBM and ask if you
could use their computing power or phone lines linking other computers after
office hours. The community was so small that no one abused it. It was self
policing and it worked. It was a privilege."

Hark back 25 years to the movie War Games, in which a computer geek gets inside
a US Department of Defense missile control centre, sparking the threat of global
thermonuclear war, and that spawned what we imagine a hacker to be. The internet
made it real and the proliferation of home computers made it potentially
dangerous.

Mostly for fun, curious youngsters would try to crack passwords into self
contained systems and have a look around. But that was before the internet
spelled commerce; and that, of course, equalled credit-card payments, money and
fraud.

With the advent of the profit motive came new definitions of the word. There are
now White Hat, Black Hat and Grey Hat hackers. The Whites do legal stuff for
good reasons, the Blacks do it for criminal financial gain, and the Greys
sometimes do bad things with good motives.

In between the games, partying and gambling, I try to persuade Black Hats to
show me some cool stuff, but there are problems. The usual response is: "Are you
wearing a wire?" but the difficulty is more fundamental than that. If they do
something they shouldn't (which they do all the time), they are committing a
federal offence, and if they show me, I am committing an offence if I don't
immediately call the cops.

So I meet Loki, a systems administrator with a big corporation in Minnesota, in
a darkened room in Circus Circus Hotel, over the road from Defcon, just to see
exactly what a hack is. Because of the legal constraints, what he does is small
beer, but as a demonstration of just what it is that these guys do, it works for
me. He's going to take us into a university - outside the US - to show how we
could change someone's grades, find out about students and, although we don't go
this far, take a look at people's credit-card details.

Hackers look for vulnerabilities in programming and when they find them, they
write instructions into that programme, making it possible for them to execute
commands. This is called an exploit.

Previous successful exploits are sometimes posted on archive websites such as
milw0rm.com so that they can be used again and again on vulnerable websites.
It's a bit like buying an off-the-peg suit.

In our case, 37-year-old Loki, who is married and has a ten-year-old son, finds
out from Google that the university, let's call it the Foxtrot Academy, invites
students to post photographs on one of its servers using a photo sharing
programme called Coppermine. Some time ago, someone found a fault in Coppermine
and wrote an exploit, which he put on milw0rm for everybody else to use.

Loki gets a copy of the exploit, sends it through to the Foxtrot Academy website
and, bingo, he is inside as if he were an administrator with limited access. He
then adapts another off-the-peg exploit to bypass the need for passwords and,
suddenly, we are looking at files entitled Finance, Housing, Market and so on.
We don't open any of them, but it's a fair bet that Market contains details of
sales of university sweatshirts and paraphernalia, possibly with customer and
credit card details. Accomplished hackers write their own exploits. Individuals
who simply use off-the-peg exploits, without ever adapting them or writing their
own, are called script kiddies.

As more and more companies, individuals and institutions do business over the
internet and make increasing use of wireless networks to carry out functions
remotely, their vulnerabilities increase. One way to find out just how
vulnerable they are is to hire people such as Pyr0.

He tells me about one of his cases involving Symbolic Motors in La Jolla,
California. Symbolic, which supplies Ferraris, Lotuses, Aston Martins and
Bentleys to the stars, is arguably the most lucrative dealership in the States.
It wanted to find out just how good its multi-million dollar security system
was, so Pyr0 and his friends Ryan Jones and Chris Nickerson, who call themselves
ethical hackers, went to work.

"First we did a bit of dumpster-diving, looking in their trash, to find out who
their computer company was," says the spiky-haired Pyr0. "Then I paid a visit,
posing as one of their technicians and got access to the company's servers. I
secretly installed a wireless network behind a desk while I was there, which
allowed Ryan, who was in a car outside, to begin hacking into their computer
system remotely." While Jones was downloading Symbolic's files - details of
sales, prices, film-star customers and so on - Pyr0 was wandering around the
building taking pictures. There was no alarm security above the ground-floor
showroom and the roof skylights were not alarmed. In the showroom, he worked out
the blind spots in an array of motion sensors.

Meanwhile, Nickerson, dressed to kill and posing as a potential customer, was
taking pictures with a camera disguised as a Zippo lighter. He stuck a tiny
wireless camera on to the back of a Bentley advertising display aimed at the
keypad that switched the alarm system on and off. Outside in the car, Jones
zoomed in on his computer and captured the code when a member of staff punched
it in.

That night, they broke in through the unalarmed skylights, exploited the motion
sensors' blind spots, crawled to the alarm keypad and switched off the system.
They opened the showroom doors, drove out a Lotus and returned it, parking it
the wrong way round.

"The owner was pissed off when he came in the next morning, but then he realised
that he ought to take better advice over his security," says Pyr0. "When I was a
kid, I used to do some dark stuff - mostly trying to get free phone or internet
time, and I was charged over it twice, although I have no record. The thing is
today a Black Hat hacker could do so much damage to a company or to an
individual if they didn't have their computer security up to date. There is so
much money to be made out there these days. For me, I think growing up and
having two sons changed me and made me more responsible. I still get to face
tough hacking challenges, but now I do it for good reasons." The White Hat star
of this year's show is Dan Kaminsky, the 29-year-old director of penetration
testing at IOActive, a Seattle-based security consultancy.

Several months ago, Kaminsky realised that the system that turns website names
that humans read into numbers that computers read (the Domain Name System) was
flawed across the entire internet and had been for years. It meant that you
might type in your bank's website address but be redirected by crooks to a spoof
site on which you would innocently type in all your secret details. And almost
every site on the internet was vulnerable.

Some hackers I speak to estimate that Kaminsky could have sold his discovery to
organised criminals for as much as $10m. Instead, he secretly called together
all the major internet players and kept his discovery quiet until a remedial
"patch", a temporary programming solution, could be found and distributed. Some
say he saved the internet as we know it.

Several hackers have rented the house that was once used by the Rat Pack when
they stayed in Vegas, and I meet Kaminsky there. According to public records,
the house was once owned by Frank Sinatra.Inevitably, the latest occupants are
called the Hack Pack.

"At first, no one believed me," says Kaminsky. "Then they just said it was a
bug, then they began to realise just how potentially damaging this could all be.
After that, it was amazing to see how everyone worked together to find a
temporary solution to the problem. It isn't completely fixed yet, but it will
be. And a year or so down the line, the internet will be more secure than it has
ever been. I feel very proud to have played a part in that."

So, what are we to think of the Defcon hackers? According to the US Department
of Defense (DoD), they were once a hindrance, but now, collectively, they're
viewed as a huge, unpaid resource. As a measure of just how seriously they are
taken, the DoD is joined this year by officials from the Department of Homeland
Security, the National Security Agency, Air Force Cyber Command, the Federal
Bureau of Investigation, the Naval Criminal Investigative Service, the Internal
Revenue Service and the Air Force Office of Special Investigations. Each has at
least one officer on the floor wearing a badge, but they all have undercover
agents here, too.

Jim Christy, director of future exploration at the DoD Cyber Crime Center, says:
"When Defcon started, we used to see it as a nuisance. Sixteen years on, our
view has changed. Once a year all the knowledge out there is pooled and it
allows us to see where the next threats are coming from. These guys have become
our eyes and ears."

Hackers are rightly sometimes vilified. The basement bunnies and script kiddies
give the pastime a bad name, while organised criminals lure the Black Hats with
the promise of easy money.

But when, by contrast, you hear how great the good guys are, you realise that
hackers reflect nothing more than society at large. Some of them are good, some
of them are bad and, on the whole, I take my (white) hat off to them.

Hacker DICTIONARY DEFINITION

Hacker A programmer who breaks into computer systems in order to steal or change
or destroy information as a form of cyber-terrorism; a programmer for whom
computing is its own reward; may enjoy the challenge of breaking into other
computers but does no harm; "true hackers subscribe to a code of ethics and look
down upon crackers" - Princeton University

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: tt


                    Copyright 2008 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday

Washington: SPEECH OF HON. MICHAEL M. HONDA OF CALIFORNIA IN THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 28, 2015

LENGTH: 401  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the following Speech:

Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, we recognize January as National Slavery and Human
Trafficking Prevention Month. In fact, Santa Clara County of my Silicon Valley
district also proclaimed this month as Human Trafficking Awareness Month.

In the fight against this modern-day slavery, I am proud to introduce the vital
bipartisan legislation--Survivors of Human Trafficking Empowerment
Act--alongside my colleagues, Congressman Ted Poe, Karen Bass, and Rodney Davis.

Mr. Speaker, human trafficking is a disease upon our humanity, and it remains
the world's fastest growing criminal enterprise. According to the International
Labor Organization, trafficking is an estimated $150 billion industry worldwide,
which exploits nearly 21 million victims around the world.

Sadly, my home state of California is near the top in reported trafficking
cases. Furthermore, it is estimated that 40 percent of the human trafficking
activity on the West Coast comes through the three Bay Area airports of San
Jose, San Francisco, and Oakland.

My legislation will turn back the tide of human trafficking, as it allows those
survivors who were impacted by this cruel system to

[Page: E130] GPO's PDF

voice their experiences and educate policymakers. Specifically, this bill will
create a survivors-led U.S. Advisory Council on Human Trafficking to review
federal government policy and programs on human trafficking. This council will
advise, formulate assessments and recommendations, and submit reports to the
Senior Policy Operating Group and the President's Task Force to Monitor and
Combat Trafficking Persons.

Directly hearing and learning from those who fell victim to this heinous crime
is the best tool to eliminate human trafficking. Ultimately, this legislation
values survivors, beyond just their stories. I look forward to working with my
colleagues to pass this crucial bill, so that we may finally rid of human
trafficking--once and for all.

Mr. Speaker, be it labor or sex trafficking, human trafficking is the worst kind
of atrocity. Each day, this scourge continues to endanger, exploit, and enslave
lives. Even as we bring further awareness to this crime this month of January,
we must sustain the fight each and every day.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            January 17, 2011 Monday

Defining who we are: words matter

BYLINE: John Florez Deseret News

LENGTH: 603 words


"Words matter." That's what former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman, Jr. answered when
I asked about the visionary statements in his 2005 inaugural address, " ? I will
lead and I will take an occasional risk. We live in an era in which taking no
risk is sometimes the biggest risk of all ?

whatever political capital I now possess will be used for the good of this
state." He told me, "I wanted it to be a harbinger of things to come. ? Words
matter." The recent Tucson tragedy serves to remind us of how words influence
our behavior; good leaders understand that. They are able to sense what is in
our hearts and minds, what fears we have. Good leaders build upon the common
values that hold us together as a society. They offer hope in time of despair,
inspire us, call upon the goodness within us and work for the common good.
Human tragedies always remind us of our humanity, our frailties and how we need
each another. The tragedy in Tucson is no different. As our society has become
more complex, sophisticated and impersonal, driven by technology and the
Internet, we find ourselves more divided and trying to seek quick answers in
today's fast-changing world.  We cling to any answers that might give us solace,
sometimes without understanding their source, leaving us susceptible to
cyberspace and opportunistic politicians looking to exploit the anxiety about
the problems we face. Unlike leaders who work for the common good, some of
today's politicians exploit the challenges we face and use the weakest and the
most vulnerable among us as scapegoats to further their selfish interest. They
pounce on every opportunity, such as the recent Tucson tragedy, to maintain
their power, quick to stir the pain and fear of the moment that serve to divide
us. They look to blame those with different views, conflicting public policies,
guns, mental illness, government failure, the media; yet offer no solutions that
bring us together. Self-serving elements of our society fail to understand, or
care, that this recent tragedy is a phenomenon of a society that is undergoing
change ? the numbing of values, loss of civility, anger and violence now growing
in our nation. It is easy to blame selfish politicians, the media and the
opposition; however, the reality is they are simply parroting what many may be
saying at the dinner table, water cooler and in the conduct of daily life. More
people now seem to be self-absorbed, giving disingenuous reverence to personal
responsibility without any desire to seek the common good.  Our form of
government vests power in its people and the responsibility to work for the
general welfare. It is up to each of us to conduct our daily lives to reflect
our common values. Rather than finger pointing, we have a duty to seek and
support leaders who, like our Founders, are willing to work for the common good,
and maintain our values. We don't need leaders to divide us; rather, those who
can call upon each of us to set aside our personal interests and reawaken the
good will within us.  We should call upon our leaders to act and use words that
create a culture of community, compassion and understanding for all. Words
matter. As John W. Gardner has said, "In America's moment of agony, she needs
physicians, not executioners." A Utah native, John Florez has founded several
Hispanic civil rights organizations; been on the staff of Sen. Orrin Hatch,
served on more than 45 state, local and volunteer boards; and filled White House
appointments, including deputy assistant secretary of labor and as a member of
the commission on Hispanic education. E-mail: jdflorez@comcast.net

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              546 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             August 9, 2010 Monday

Visa decline

BYLINE: The Indian Express

LENGTH: 402  words


The US Senate, in a rare moment of agreement, passed a bill just before its
August recess. The $600 million "border security" bill will send extra men to
the United States' border with Mexico, where politically sensitive illegal
immigration has proved difficult to control. That extra spending was supposed to
come out of the country's federal stimulus spending programme. But, instead, the
money will come from raising the cost of work visa applications originating from
a handful of foreign corporations by over $2,000, to around $2,250. Which
companies? Those that, according to one of the bill's sponsors, Democratic
Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri, "exploit US visa programmes to import
workers from abroad." Indeed, the bill itself specifically names four: Wipro,
Infosys, Tata, and Satyam, which it says "exploit" visas in the H1-B and L
categories to "import foreign workers" into the US.

The bill's sponsors claim - and their claim appears to be agreed with by the
Obama administration, with full-throated backing from cabinet member Janet
Napolitano, who called it a "great package" - that these companies basically
"domestically outsource" jobs in information technology to temporary workers
from India. (The bill's other sponsor, New York Democrat Charles Schumer, called
Infosys, in particular, a "chop shop", like operations of dubious legality that
re-jigger and disguise stolen cars.) This isn't something that to be offended
by. But it betrays a fundamental unwillingness to come to terms with how the
modern world economy works, and even what the foundations of America's
continuing prosperity are. The US has evolved over two decades away from being a
centre of manufacturing to being the world's place for innovation and the
conceptualisation of new technology. This is the source of most of its economy's
growth, and of its edge over its competitors.

But, as is now widely known, work of this sort, whether in fashion, in IT, or in
bio-engineering, is surprisingly subject to "cluster effects": you need to be
close to others working like that, and so you get places like Silicon Valley.
What this legislation demonstrates is that this basic fact has not been
internalised. You don't want people staying out; you want people coming in,
because they raise your own workers' productivity. In the long run, such petty,
short-sighted laws will hurt only the US, and dull its competitive edge.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           December 23, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Wikipedia founder to launch search engine to rival Google

BYLINE: James Doran, The Times, London

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: TAMPA, Florida


TAMPA, Florida - Jimmy Wales, the founder of Wikipedia, the online encyclopedia,
is set to launch an Internet search engine with Amazon.com that he hopes will
become a rival to Google and Yahoo.

Mr. Wales has begun working on a search engine that exploits the same user-based
technology as his open-access encyclopedia, which was launched in 2003.

The project has been dubbed Wikiasari -- a combination of wiki, the Hawaiian
word for quick, and asari, which is Japanese for "rummaging search."

Mr. Wales said he was planning to develop a commercial version of the search
engine through Wikia Inc., his for-profit company, with a provisional launch
date in the first quarter of next year.

Earlier this year he secured multimillion-dollar funding from Amazon.com and a
separate cash injection from a group of Silicon Valley financiers to finance
projects at Wikia.

Mr. Wales, a 40-year-old former options trader, believes that, as the popularity
of Google has grown, obvious flaws in its search engine technology have become
apparent.

"Google is very good at many types of search, but in many instances it produces
nothing but spam and useless crap. Try searching for the term 'Tampa hotels,'
for example, and you will not get any useful results," he said.

Mr. Wales believes that Google's computer-based algorithmic search program is no
match for the editorial judgment of humans.

Wikipedia is an encyclopedia written by thousands of contributors from around
the world, known as "Wikipedians," using free open-source software.

Mr. Wales aims to exploit the same network of followers and the same type of
free software to create his search engine.

"Essentially, if you consider one of the basic tasks of a search engine, it is
to make a decision: 'This page is good, this page sucks'," Mr. Wales said.
"Computers are notoriously bad at making such judgments, so algorithmic search
has to go about it in a roundabout way.

"But we have a really great method for doing that ourselves," he added. "We just
look at the page. It usually only takes a second to figure out if the page is
good, so the key here is building a community of trust that can do that."

Times Newspapers Ltd. 2006

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  COURIER MAIL

                           January 14, 2006 Saturday
                          First with the news Edition

Calculating Capote

BYLINE: Terry Oberg

SECTION: BAM; Pg. M04

LENGTH: 878  words


Terry Oberg looks at the flamboyant life and works of author Truman Capote

THE biopic of Truman Capote to be released here on February 16 has put the
eccentric American author's books back into the literary spotlight.

Capote, starring Philip Seymour Hoffman, focuses on the creation of his most
famous book, In Cold Blood, but there's much more to be said of his flamboyant
life and works.

Capote was born in New Orleans in 1924 and was promptly abandoned by his mother
and sent to Alabama to be raised by her family. It was there that he made a
lifelong friend of his neighbour, fellow literary legend-to-be Harper Lee, who
wrote To Kill A Mockingbird.

Moving to New York as a teenager he dropped out of school at 17 and got a job as
a copyboy for The New Yorker. The flamboyant youngster who is said to have
favoured an office uniform consisting of ballet pumps and a black cape, was
fired for offending Robert Frost by walking out of a reading by the famously
irritable poet, but Capote quickly found success afterwards when he had a series
of rapturously received short stories printed in Mademoiselle and Harper's
Bazaar.

His first book, Other Voices, Other Rooms, was published when he was 24. It was
a Gothic tale, thought to be semi-autobiographical, about a teenage boy sent to
live with his father in Alabama after his mother's death. The novel dealt
frankly with homosexual themes and even featured an erotically suggestive cover
photograph of its openly gay author, but that didn't stop Capote from becoming
an instant celebrity in his adopted city on the book's release. He mixed with
New York's high society at the best parties and restaurants and quickly
developed a reputation for being a frivolous, hard-drinking hedonist.

Capote claimed that his riotous exploits were merely research for his 1958
novella, Breakfast at Tiffany's. It was a sweet yet poignant character study
that followed the exploits of a free-spirited socialite who, although gleefully
extroverted and loved by all who meet her, had a fear of intimacy -- she didn't
even name her cat for fear of getting too attached to it. The subsequent film
adaptation starring Audrey Hepburn was a huge hit, but the book's ambling,
melancholic atmosphere was lost.

With a wealth of success under his proverbial belt -- by this time he had also
written another novel, several anthologies, a play, a film script and a Broadway
musical -- Capote began work on an experimental project in 1959 that he modestly
claimed would ''revolutionise the field of journalism''.

Having read a short article in the back pages of The New York Times describing
the unexplained murder of a family of four in rural Kansas, he decided to move
temporarily to the farming community to document the crime and its aftermath.

Capote and Lee, whom he employed as his research assistant, spent six years in
the town of Holcomb, ingratiating themselves with not only the victims' friends
and family, but also with the killers -- a pair of released convicts who had
mistakenly believed that the farming family were hiding a fortune in their
modest home.

In Cold Blood was a hugely influential and successful book, and is said to have
spawned two genres: the non-fiction novel and the True Crime expose.

''I wanted to produce a journalistic novel,'' he said, ''something on a large
scale that would have the credibility of fact, the immediacy of film, the depth
and freedom of prose, and the precision of poetry.''

His melding of creative writing techniques with the tenets of investigative
journalism is now a common practice, but in 1965 it was a revelation.

Capote earned millions of dollars from the book. Even today, Holcomb is a
popular destination for voyeuristic tourists wanting to see the site of the
murders.

The inaccuracies and gross distortions of truth in Capote's book are now common
knowledge. His emphasis on the dramatic as opposed to the factual earned him a
slew of detractors, especially in Kansas.

The upcoming film even implies that although he apparently befriended the
killers and promised to assist in their appeal, he was relieved when they were
executed because their deaths gave In Cold Blood the dramatic climax that it
required.

On completion of In Cold Blood Capote returned to New York and threw himself
back into the lavish lifestyle -- except now he had the wealth and prestige to
indulge himself even more. His ''Party of the Century'', held in New York's
ritzy Plaza Hotel to celebrate the book's success, was an epic monument to
debauchery and excess and perhaps marks the beginning of his tragic
disintegration.

The writer, now addled by drugs and alcohol, embarked on a book that would
skewer the lifestyle in which he himself was embroiled: the hypocrisy, elitism,
amorality and shallowness of New York's ''glitterati''. When the first chapter
of Answered Prayers was published in Esquire magazine in 1975, many of his
friends -- recognising the characters as grotesque caricatures of themselves --
deserted him.

He abandoned the book and, aside from a few relatively obscure short stories,
wrote nothing more of note. His last years were spent living as a virtual
recluse.

His addictions worsened, causing frequent hallucinations and bizarre behaviour.
He died in 1984, aged 59, after overdosing on pills.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            November 19, 2006 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

SUNDAY MORNING QB. Game of the Week

BYLINE: BY HANK GOLA

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 321 words


Chargers at BRONCOs

8:15 p.m., Broncos by 2.5

The 7-2 divisional rivals decide who's second-best to the Colts in the AFC. The
Chargers are trying to put last week's miracle win over Cincy behind them
because they'll need all their focus in a place where they've lost six straight
and 11 of 12. In fact, LaDainian Tomlinson has never had 100 yards rushing in
five trips to Denver. The Broncos offense struggled in Oakland last week, but
Jake Plummer has always played well against San Diego.

SCOUT'S REPORT

"The absence of Shawne Merriman and Luis Castillo wrecked the Chargers' pass
rush against Carson Palmer last week. Plummer's sprint-out ability magnifies the
problem. San Diego's secondary is a weak spot he'll want to exploit. The
Broncos, as usual, will stack the line against Tomlinson and with Champ Bailey
on one corner, roll coverage toward tight end Antonio Gates. Tomlinson has to
loosen things up. If they keep him bottled up, Denver wins."

UPSET SPECIAL

BENGALS at SAINTS

1 p.m., Saints by 3.5

The Bengals have turned into pussycats, with each week bringing more
disappointment. Giving up 42 second-half points to the Chargers? Ouch. So what
they face in the Big Easy may be their last stand. The Saints have been
surprisingly good, with QB Drew Brees providing the steady hand. Nevertheless,
cracks began to show in the Saints' defense in a bad loss in Pittsburgh last
week, and Cincy certainly has enough firepower to expand those fissures.

SCOUT'S REPORT

"Carson Palmer has been inconsistent all year so the question is whether he can
exploit the matchup advantages his receivers (Chad Johnson, T.J. Houshmandzadeh,
Chris Henry) have over the Saints' cornerbacks (Fred Thomas, Mike McKenzie).
Getting them into one-on-one matchups will depend on whether the Bengals can
establish Rudi Johnson, which they haven't done all year. Brees, too, can have a
field day against a beat-up secondary. It should be another shootout."

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                              550 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           October 11, 2006 Wednesday

Packers groupie tells all in book

BYLINE: Todd Richmond, Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 550 words

DATELINE: MADISON, Wis.


Sex! The Green Bay Packers! Sex with the Green Bay Packers!

The usually ho-hum race for Wisconsin secretary of state is being spiced up by
one candidate's naughty tell-all book about her bed-hopping exploits with Green
Bay football legends during the team's glory days in the 1960s.

Sandy Sullivan, a 65-year-old Republican with no political experience,
self-published a gushing memoir in 2004 titled Green Bay Love Stories and Other
Affairs in which she claims she was the girlfriend of Green Bay Packers Paul
Hornung and Dan Currie, deflected a pass from Hall of Famer Don Hutson and was
on the receiving end of a saucy comment from Richard Nixon.

If the book is to be believed, the Packers did a lot of their scoring off the
field, and Sullivan got her share of playing time.

"The football players of the 1950s and '60s were every bit as 'HOT' as the men
of the present day, if not more so," Sullivan writes of the days when she was a
trim, miniskirted brunette who did some modelling.

Sullivan, who is now a blonde and owns a marketing company that she says sets up
autograph sessions and Packer appearances, is not hiding from her past. If
anything, she is revelling in it. Her campaign website prominently mentions the
book and features a picture of her with former Packers quarterback Bart Starr.

Sullivan says she was 19 in 1961 when she took a job with the Packers selling
tickets and met Hornung, the Heisman Trophy-winning running back. She was
instantly smitten with the wavy-haired golden boy known for his off-the-field
romantic exploits.

"Here he was, in the flesh! Oh! My God! He was soooo CUTE! ... He immediately
asked me out and I immediately accepted," Sullivan wrote.

She recounted an encounter with Hornung during training camp in which Hornung
picked her up at 5: 30 a.m. and drove to a Green Bay hotel for sex. Some Packer
coaches were in the lobby, so Hornung made her climb the fire escape to the
fifth floor while he went in through the lobby.

Hornung broke down the door to the fire escape, almost knocking her over the
railing, she wrote. She wrote she doesn't remember having sex with him that
night, "although I must have!"

Hornung did not return numerous messages left by The Associated Press. The book,
however, includes a foreword in which he describes Sullivan as a "carefree,
fun-loving girl who fit right in with me and the rest of the 'Pack.'"

When she was 20 she met Hutson, who was 50 then and long past his playing days.
She said Hutson asked her to sleep with him, but she turned him down because he
was a "relic from the Stone Ages" and she was in love with Hornung.

She also fell for Currie, a Packers linebacker. ("SIGH! One would have to be in
a coma not to want him," Sullivan wrote.) She later married Currie's dentist,
Matt Sullivan. He died in 1984.

One time, Nixon came to Green Bay for a ceremony to honour Starr, and Sullivan
attended in a miniskirt. When Nixon began to speak, she started swinging her
legs and smiling at him. He returned the smile.

Later he shook her hand, leaned over into her and softly said, "Hello there ...
so you must be the CHERRY of the evening." No one was sure what Nixon meant,
Sullivan wrote, though she speculated he had confused her with Starr's wife,
Cherry.

Associated Press Writer Colin Fly in Green Bay contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2006 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              551 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

Bitdefender IPR Management Ltd. applies for US Patent titled as "Systems and
methods for detecting return-oriented programming (ROP) exploits"

LENGTH: 130 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170024558 for US Patent, published on January 26, 2017, by
Bitdefender IPR Management Ltd., titled as "Systems and methods for detecting
return-oriented programming (ROP) exploits"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: TOSA; Raul V.; (Cluj-Napoca, RO)

Applicant: Bitdefender IPR Management Ltd. Nicosia  CY

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described systems and methods allow protecting a computer system from malware,
such as return-oriented programming (ROP) exploits. In some embodiments, a set
of references are identified within a call stack used by a thread of a target
process, each reference pointing into the memory space of an executable>

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      November 3, 2015 Tuesday 4:16 PM GMT

'Jailbreak' for iPhones wins $1m bounty;
Computer exploit merchant Zerodium says it paid research team that worked out
how to 'jailbreak' latest version of Apple's mobile operating system, iOS 9.1.

BYLINE: Alex Hern

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 488 words


Computer exploit merchant Zerodium says it has paid out $1m to an un-named team
of researchers for their method to "jailbreak" the latest version of Apple's
mobile operating system, iOS 9.1.

"Jailbreaking" refers to the practice of breaking the restrictions placed on
iPhones and iPads by Apple, in order to use the devices in ways not intended by
the original manufacturer. That can include installing pirated software,
deleting default apps, or using programmes banned from the App Store by the
California company.

But the practice also removes the security protections built into iOS by
default, and so tools to jailbreak iPhones are also popular amongst groups that
seek to install spyware on mobile devices - such as law enforcement and criminal
enterprises.

Zerodium was founded in July 2015 to trade in exploits for software, security
weaknesses which allow hackers and other malicious actors to break into devices.
While security researchers often inform device manufacturers when they have
discovered a vulnerability (sometimes in exchange for a bug bounty, a payment
from the manufacturer for their work), a vulnerability which the manufacturer
doesn't know about and hasn't had time to fix, called a 0-day bug, is often
worth considerably more to people with a professional desire to hack into
computers.

The founder of Zerodium, Chaouki Bekrar, previously acted as a middleman in such
trades with his company VUPEN. Zerodium is a higher-profile entry into the same
business, and it launched with a bang, offering a $1m bounty for anyone who was
able to carry out a remote, browser-based, "untethered" jailbreak on iOS 9.1,
the latest version of iOS.

The requirements for claiming the bug bounty mean that versions of the hack,
which require the phone to be plugged in to a computer, or which are undone when
the phone is restarted, did not qualify. Instead, the jailbreak can be applied
simply by navigating to a webpage.

While news of the jailbreak will please users who want to update their phone to
the latest version of Apple's operating system without losing the ability to
install whatever they want, it will also please Zerodium's likely intended
buyers for the hack: national security agencies.

In practice, the jailbreak is a chain of severe vulnerabilities in the operating
system, each of which feeds into the next until ultimately, the remotely
deployed code has made changes to the deepest levels of the phone's programming.
Though those vulnerabilities mean that it is easy to willingly jailbreak the
phone, they also mean that there is little protection against a determined
attacker jailbreaking the phone and then installing further software on it to
monitor the user.

Zerodium also says the jailbreak affects the beta version of iOS 9.2, expected
to be released shortly. But it seems unlikely to stick around for long after
that, and Apple will already be working around the clock to identify and fix the
holes.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium Distinguished Speaker
Presentation

LENGTH: 199  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Drexel University, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following Event
release:

AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium Distinguished Speaker Presentation
Start Date:  4/01/2015 Start Time:  12:00 PM
End Date:  4/01/2015 End Time:  1:00 PM
Share on email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on more

Event Description
AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium
Distinguished Speaker Presentation - Dr. Hal Berghel

The Future of Digital Money Laundering
This talk investigates several types of digital money laundering, characterized
by source (failed states, state-aware, keptocratic states, terrorists,
extremists and individuals), means (credit- and debit-card exploits,
international funds transfers, klepto-banks, "gift-card" exploits), and purpose
(terrorism, narco-trafficking, electronic crime, internet fraud); these
categories are introduced by their identifying events of interest. Implications
on shadow economies, degrees of sophistication and case studies will also be
discussed. Each crime will be explicitly linked geographically and politically
to sources, and may include discussion of actual cases. Several micro- and
macro-level mitigation strategies will be discussed.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Pennsylvania: AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium Distinguished Speaker
Presentation

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Drexel University, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following Event
release:

AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium Distinguished Speaker Presentation
Start Date:  3/31/2015 Start Time:  12:00 PM
End Date:  3/31/2015 End Time:  1:00 PM
Share on email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on more

Event Description
AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium
Distinguished Speaker Presentation - Dr. Hal Berghel

The Future of Digital Money Laundering
This talk investigates several types of digital money laundering, characterized
by source (failed states, state-aware, keptocratic states, terrorists,
extremists and individuals), means (credit- and debit-card exploits,
international funds transfers, klepto-banks, "gift-card" exploits), and purpose
(terrorism, narco-trafficking, electronic crime, internet fraud); these
categories are introduced by their identifying events of interest. Implications
on shadow economies, degrees of sophistication and case studies will also be
discussed. Each crime will be explicitly linked geographically and politically
to sources, and may include discussion of actual cases. Several micro- and
macro-level mitigation strategies will be discussed.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 28, 2015 Saturday

Pennsylvania: AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium Distinguished Speaker
Presentation

LENGTH: 199  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Drexel University, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following Event
release:

AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium Distinguished Speaker Presentation
Start Date:  3/31/2015 Start Time:  12:00 PM
End Date:  3/31/2015 End Time:  1:00 PM
Share on email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on more

Event Description
AJ Drexel Cybersecurity Institute Symposium
Distinguished Speaker Presentation - Dr. Hal Berghel

The Future of Digital Money Laundering
This talk investigates several types of digital money laundering, characterized
by source (failed states, state-aware, keptocratic states, terrorists,
extremists and individuals), means (credit- and debit-card exploits,
international funds transfers, klepto-banks, "gift-card" exploits), and purpose
(terrorism, narco-trafficking, electronic crime, internet fraud); these
categories are introduced by their identifying events of interest. Implications
on shadow economies, degrees of sophistication and case studies will also be
discussed. Each crime will be explicitly linked geographically and politically
to sources, and may include discussion of actual cases. Several micro- and
macro-level mitigation strategies will be discussed.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              April 9, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Virtues And Victims

BYLINE: By DAVID BROOKS

SECTION: Section 4; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 756 words


All great scandals occur twice, first as Tom Wolfe novels, then as real-life
events that nightmarishly mimic them. And so after ''I Am Charlotte Simmons,''
it was perhaps inevitable that Duke University would have to endure a
mini-social explosion involving athletic thugs, resentful townies, nervous
administrators, male predators, aggrieved professors, binge drinking and lust
gone wild.

If you wander through the thicket of commentary that already surrounds the Duke
lacrosse scandal, the first thing you notice is how sociological it is. In
almost every article and piece of commentary, the event is portrayed not as a
crime between individuals but as a clash between classes, races and sexes.

''This whole sordid party scene played out at the prestigious university is
deeply disturbing on a number of levels, including those involving gender, race
and the notion of athletic entitlement and privilege,'' a USA Today columnist
wrote.

''The collisions are epic: black and white, town and gown, rich and poor,
privilege and plain, jocks and scholars,'' a CBS analyst observed.

The key word in the coverage has been ''entitlement.'' In a thousand different
ways commentators have asserted (based on no knowledge of the people involved)
that the lacrosse players behaved rancidly because they felt privileged and
entitled to act as they pleased.

The main theme shaping the coverage is that inequality leads to exploitation.
The whites felt free to exploit the blacks. The men felt free to exploit women.
The jocks felt free to exploit everybody else. As a Duke professor, Houston
Baker, wrote, their environment gave the lacrosse players ''license to rape,
maraud, deploy hate speech and feel proud of themselves in the bargain.''

It could be that this environmental, sociological explanation of events is
entirely accurate. But it says something about our current intellectual climate
that almost every reporter and commentator used these mental categories so
unconsciously and automatically.

Several decades ago, American commentators would have used an entirely different
vocabulary to grapple with what happened at Duke. Instead of the vocabulary of
sociology, they would have used the language of morality and character.

If you were looking at this scandal through that language, you would look at the
e-mail message one of the players sent on the night in question. This is the one
in which a young man joked about killing strippers and cutting off their skin.

You would say that the person who felt free to send this message to his buddies
had crashed through several moral guardrails. You would surmise that his
character had been corroded by shock jocks and raunch culture and that he'd
entered a nihilistic moral universe where young men entertain each other with
bravura displays of immoralism. A community so degraded, you might surmise, is
not a long way from actual sexual assault.

You would then ask questions very different from the sociological ones: How have
these young men slipped into depravity? Why have they not developed sufficient
character to restrain their baser impulses?

The educators who used this vocabulary several decades ago understood that when
you concentrate young men, they have a tropism toward barbarism. That's why
these educators cared less about academics than about instilling a formula for
character building. The formula, then called chivalry, consisted first of
manners, habits and self-imposed restraints to prevent the downward slide.

Furthermore, it was believed that each of us had a godlike and a demonic side,
and that decent people perpetually strengthened the muscles of their virtuous
side in order to restrain the deathless sinner within. If you read commencement
addresses from, say, the 1920's, you can actually see college presidents
exhorting their students to battle the beast within -- a sentiment that if
uttered by a contemporary administrator would cause the audience to gape and the
earth to fall off its axis.

Today that old code of obsolete chivalry is gone, as is a whole vocabulary on
how young people should think about character.

But in ''I Am Charlotte Simmons,'' Wolfe tried to steer readers back past the
identity groups to the ghost in the machine, the individual soul. Wolfe's
heroine is a modern girl searching for honor in a world where the social rules
have dissolved, and who commits ''moral suicide'' because she is unprepared for
what she faces.

Many critics reacted furiously to these parts of Wolfe's book. And we are where
we are.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              557 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 1, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Former Orange County doctor sentenced to more than 3 years on child
pornography charge

LENGTH: 562  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A physician formerly employed by Southern California Permanente Medical Group in
Anaheim was sentenced Monday to 41 months in federal prison for downloading and
possessing child pornography depicting the sometimes sadistic abuse of young
children.

Robert Harold Dolin, 55, of Irvine, pleaded guilty to one count of possessing
child pornography in January. He was sentenced Monday morning by U.S. District
Judge James V. Selna, who wrote in his sentencing memorandum that "possession of
child pornography - especially material that involves prepubescent minor and
masochistic or violent conduct is a real crime with real victims. It is serious
and it must be deterred."

The case is the result of a probe by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's
(ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) and the Orange County Child
Exploitation Task Force, with assistance from Kaiser Permanente.

"This case is particularly egregious given that the defendant, a physician, had
taken an oath to 'never do harm,'" said Claude Arnold, special agent in charge
for HSI Los Angeles. "Instead he chose to hurt and exploit innocent and
vulnerable children through his consumption of Internet child pornography. This
case shows that HSI works with the private sector as well as our law enforcement
partners to investigate those who sexually exploit our children to ensure these
individuals feel the full weight of the law."

In March 2008, Kaiser Permanente alerted HSI that its routine monitoring of
employee-assigned computers indicated that a computer assigned to Dolin was
being used to access child exploitation websites. HSI special agents
subsequently executed search warrants at Dolin's Irvine home and Anaheim office,
seizing multiple computers and electronic storage, both corporate and personal.

The investigation revealed that from January through April of 2008, Dolin
received over 1,000 electronic images of child pornography via his work
computer. The images depicted the abuse of prepubescent children - often
sadistically - in addition to images of infants, toddlers and pre-school-aged
children being sexually abused.

This investigation was conducted under HSI's Operation Predator, an
international initiative to protect children from sexual predators. Since the
launch of Operation Predator in 2003, HSI has arrested more than 10,000
individuals for crimes against children, including the production and
distribution of online child pornography, traveling overseas for sex with
minors, and sex trafficking of children. In fiscal year 2013, more than 2,000
individuals were arrested by HSI special agents under this initiative.

HSI encourages the public to report suspected child predators and any suspicious
activity through its toll-free Tip Line at 1-866-DHS-2-ICE or by completing its
online tip form. Both are staffed around the clock by investigators. Suspected
child sexual exploitation or missing children may be reported to the National
Center for Missing & Exploited Children, an Operation Predator partner, via its
toll-free 24-hour hotline, 1-800-THE-LOST.

For additional information about wanted suspected child predators, download
HSI's Operation Predator smartphone app or visit the online suspect alerts page.

For more information please visit: http://www.ice.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                             August 4, 2013 Sunday

Ask Dave Taylor: Learning hacks from the 'black hats'

BYLINE: Dave Taylor, For the Camera

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 495 words


Q: I read in the newspaper that hackers are demonstrating a way that they can
add malware to a smartphone by simply having it plugged into a hacked power
charger. Shouldn't they be arrested for figuring this out?

A: This issue has been around since the dawn of technology. In essence, do you
own the tech devices you purchase, or do you pay for the right to use them --
but only in the ways that the company intends?

 This comes up when people talk about "jailbreaking" an iPhone, for example, a
way that you can free yourself from the "jail" of iTunes and Apple's tight
control of the phone environment. The price? If something goes wrong with your
phone, Apple says you voided the warranty by jailbreaking the device.

 As long as there's tech, there are going to be people who try to figure out how
it works (the old school hackers) along with those that want to exploit the
devices in various ways, some of which are malicious.

 That's what the media calls hackers, but I'm old school, too, and think of
hacking as an intellectual puzzle, a way of figuring out how things work and
removing limitations.

 Both types of tech geeks are represented at the annual Black Hat USA conference
that went on last week in Las Vegas, along with a lot of law enforcement
offices, FBI, NSA and who knows what other federal (and foreign) departments.

 The exploits are often those found by researchers working at university labs,
and not only is their research legal, it's actually beneficial for us consumers:
If they find these security loopholes, the vendors can then fix the problem
before it becomes a widespread issue.

 Other "hacks" that have come out of Black Hat this year that have gained media
coverage include an exploit that can turn a Smart TV into a monitoring device.
Modern smart TVs can run apps and access the Internet, so the point of the
demonstration is that all smart Internet-connected devices have the same
vulnerabilities as a PC.

 Another Black Hat presentation talked about weaknesses in current password
encryption systems, news that should be no surprise given the never-ending
announcements of companies that have had their customer records hacked and
stolen.

 Black Hat USA has always been a conference by hackers -- both good "white hat"
and less good "black hat" -- and in this, its 16th year, the presentations take
place in an increasingly complex and technological world. There's no turning
back the clock, so paying attention to these hackers and being leery about the
dangers they reveal is just smart.

 And with all the Feds around, you can bet they're all very careful not to
reveal too much about what they've figured out, lest someone take the
information and do something malicious.

 Because that, of course, would be illegal.

 Dave Taylor has been involved with the online world for more than 30 years and
covers the tech industry -- including thousands of friendly tutorials -- at
AskDaveTaylor.com. You can also find him on Twitter as @DaveTaylor.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 13, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Every Edition

Under attack

BYLINE: Robert O;'Harrow Jr.

SECTION: SPECIAL NEWS; Pg. AA01

LENGTH: 1802 words


Ryan Linn's hacks into corporate networks have become almost a matter of
routine. On one recent morning, he woke up at his home near the Research
Triangle in eastern North Carolina and walked down to an extra bedroom that he
uses as an office.  Â¶  He sat at a workbench laden with computers, signed on to
one of them and loaded a program called Metasploit. Sipping a Diet Coke, Linn
typed out a few commands and casually launched an attack on a network thousands
of miles away. A few seconds later, a report came back: The network had been
penetrated. How would he like to proceed?  Â¶  Chalk up another one for
Metasploit, an automated tool kit that makes breaking into networks almost as
easy for experienced hackers as ordering food off an online menu.

Metasploit and a host of similar tools are becoming as commonplace for many
hackers as Firefox and Microsoft Office are for regular computer users.

They are part of an escalating arms race in cyberspace, where millions of
attacks and intrusions occur every day. By prepackaging the myriad computer
commands that penetrate and exploit target networks, hackers have dramatically
eased the process.

Security researchers and consultants, including Linn, use such hacking tools to
identify vulnerabilities and help organizations patch them. Bad-guy hackers,
known as black hats, and cyberwarriors use similar illicit kits to spy on, steal
from and wreak havoc in corporate and government computers.

Metasploit and many other hacker tool kits are available free to anyone who has
an Internet connection.

Linn acknowledges the irony. But he likened Metasploit and other tool kits to a
"Swiss army knife" and said the positive features "far outweigh the negatives."

"Metasploit is a tool designed for researchers and security professionals, but
just like many tools there are uses for it that are illegal," said Linn, a
security consultant at Trustwave's SpiderLabs. "We don't outlaw screwdrivers and
hammers because someone might use them for murder, though. We prosecute those
people who use them illegally."

A researcher named H.D. Moore began working on Metasploit in 2002. Moore, now
31, is the chief security officer with Rapid7, a security firm that sells a
commercial version of Metasploit and helps offset the cost of maintaining the
free system. A computer researcher and hacker based in Austin, Moore wanted to
simplify the development of computer hacks known as exploits. To keep pace with
growing numbers of criminal cyberattacks, he wanted to make security hacking, or
"penetration testing," more systematic.

Metasploit works by creating ready-made packages of computer code, known as
"modules," that can be downloaded from metasploit.com. Once they are launched,
the tools can find network vulnerabilities and take control of the systems.

Metasploit also serves as something of a global clearinghouse of hacker
knowledge, tools and practices. Because it is an "open source" system, it relies
on contributions from experienced hackers. Its popularity has soared during the
past several years. Starting with 11 exploits in 2003, Metasploit now has close
to 1,000.

About 300 people in at least 20 countries have donated exploits so far. The
contributors also collaboratively review the offerings to be sure they work
effectively. Moore estimated that about 1 million people downloaded the free
version during the past year, with about 5 million since its inception. It
appears that about 200,000 penetration testers, including the U.S. military's
cyberwarriors, use it regularly, he said.

No one knows how many bad guys employ Metasploit and similar tools. Fears about
that potential have been raised in Germany and elsewhere. But Moore said
black-hat hackers typically rely on other tool kits that are less focused on
research and more focused on swift, illegal break-ins.

Moore said the fact that criminals, spies and others with ill intent can access
Metasploit is a necessary trade-off. To keep Metasploit up to date, hackers have
to be able to contribute details about the newest vulnerabilities and attack
methods.

An organization that keeps track of known vulnerabilities said it has documented
more than 53,000, a number that rises every day.

"All we're trying to do is put everyone on a level playing field," Moore said.

'A taste of things to come'

When Metasploit emerged, even veteran hackers marveled at its design and
simplicity. A 2004 presentation about it at Black Hat Las Vegas, the annual
hacker conference, was titled "Hacking Like in the Movies," according to a
290-page online book called "Metasploit Toolkit" by David Maynor and several
other security researchers.

"The hall was packed to the gills. People stood in the aisles, and the crowd was
spilling over to the main corridor," the authors wrote. "Applause flowed freely
throughout the session, and the consensus was clear, 'Metasploit had come of
age.' But we should have known better. That was only a taste of things to come."

The extraordinary thing about Metasploit is the digital architecture that
streamlined what had been a laborious process of exploit development. That
process invariably involved several steps for anyone, good or bad: the discovery
of a software vulnerability; the analysis of the code to see whether the
vulnerability could be exploited; the writing of the exploit itself, including
the commands that tell a target system to open up to an intruder; and testing to
ensure the exploit worked.

With Metasploit, all those steps are already done and packaged together with
still other features, including tailor-made "payloads" that take effect and hand
over control of a system after a hacker gets in.

Other systems have been created to ride on top of Metasploit and make it even
easier to use. One called Armitage was created by Raphael Mudge, who was
recently hired under contract by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
to develop new cybertools.

"Armitage recommends exploits and will optionally run active checks to tell you
which exploits will work," Mudge said in an Armitage tutorial. "If these options
fail, use the Hail Mary attack to unleash Armitage's smart automatic
exploitation against your targets."

In some cases, Moore said, researchers use the Metasploit framework to apply
pressure on software vendors to improve the security of their products. If the
vendors neglect to fix a known bug, the researchers write an attack module to
spur them to act.

That happened this year when a group of researchers created attack modules for
six industrial control systems, the computers that operate the power grid, water
plants and other critical infrastructure.

"It forces the security vendors to take that vulnerability seriously," Moore
said. "And it forces the vendors responsible for that software to provide a
patch or a work-around."

Alan Paller, director of research at the Sans Institute, one of the world's
leading cybersecurity training organizations, said Metasploit contributors are
playing a crucial role in highlighting the pervasive vulnerabilities in systems
throughout cyberspace.

"They solve a critical problem for us," Paller said. "They are necessary tools
right now when much of the world is still in denial."

No one knows how many illicit attack kits are sold to black-hat hackers. Offers
appear every day across the Internet. Moore said exploit kits that employ
"botnets" in criminal schemes often sell for up to $10,000.

A botnet is a network of computers that have been infected by malicious software
and are controlled by bad guys. They often send spam, but they are also used to
send malicious code, or malware, in coordinated attacks on networks.

Moore said that in several cases, the bad guys have used botnets to attack
Metasploit as punishment for spurring fixes to widely attacked vulnerabilities.

"We do a good job killing bugs," Moore said. "When the Metasploit adds a new
attack, it instantly raises the visibility of that vulnerability."

Many options

Robin Jackson sat in his Helena, Mont., office and prepared to launch his next
hack. The target: a Chinese company's Web site.

Jackson is a security researcher for a firm called WT Forensics. He said he also
participates in informal networks of hacker-intelligence specialists who try to
keep watch on the black hats and cyberwarriors across the globe.

He described his China effort as an exploratory "gray hat" hack to see if the
target company's Web page was vulnerable. He decided he would use a set of
commands to make his attack seem as though it were coming from a computer in
London. To penetrate the Web server, he would turn to the collection of tool
kits he keeps on his computer.

In addition to Metasploit, Jackson relies on a number of other automated attack
kits almost every day to do his job. There are many of them: Nmap scans the
configuration of networks. John the Ripper and Hashcat crack passwords. The
Social Engineering Toolkit combines automation with manipulation techniques to
help hackers trick people into giving them access to networks.

A host of commercial systems, including a premium version of Metasploit, make it
possible to attack multiple client machines at a time. A firm called Immunity,
maker of a security tool kit called Canvas, recently released a related
commercial system called Swarm. It enables security researchers to scan and
attack up to a million servers an hour.

For this exploratory mission, Jackson decided to use a more focused free tool
called Havij. With a few clicks on his keyboard, he directed Havij at the
targeted Internet address in China. He typed "%Inject Here%" to launch the
program.

Havij has been built to send thousands of permutations of commands to implement
something known as an SQL Injection attack. Havij would keep hammering the
targeted Web server until it sent a command that slipped by the server's
security.

A few years ago, Jackson would have had to type each attack command by hand.
With Havij, he can launch the attack, sip his coffee and wait. "Unlike the
manual process, Havij automatically does everything seamlessly and much more
quickly," he said.

For all their benefits, Jackson said, the kits are lowering the barriers to
entry for inexperienced hackers. Criminal hackers and "hacktivists" can simply
download the tool kit and then watch an instructional video on YouTube to get
started.

Members of the hacktivists group Anonymous have used the system to target police
and military networks. A group called Team GhostShell relied on it to compromise
hundreds of Chinese Web sites.

"The Internet not only enables the distribution of hacking tools, but it also
offers the hands-on instruction and training on how to use these," Jackson said.
"There are literally thousands upon thousands of videos . . . which show the
neophyte how to install and use these tools."

oharrowr@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                              July 29, 2013 Monday
                                   1 Edition

We should build a Scottish business club to exploit the Glasgow Games

BYLINE: David Watt

SECTION: HS - FEATURES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 664 words


Now the countdown to [#x2028]the 2014 Glasgow [#x2028]Commonwealth Games has
begun, Scottish businesses need to consider how they might exploit the
opportunities events such as this offer both at home and abroad.

For a country of only five million people, Scotland has a fantastic track record
of staging high-profile sporting and cultural events from the Ryder Cup to the
range of arts festivals that take place the length and breadth of the country.
However, the working relationship between events and tourism is not close enough
and there is inadequate exploitation of the events industry by commercial
businesses. For instance, why are we still importing mobile toilets and such
basic services for these large-scale events when local companies could be taking
advantage of the opportunities?

Any innovation and creativity we might exploit in Scotland is often being
stifled by too much red-tape or smothered by the dead hand of the state. One
wonders what benefit commercially we got out of the £0.5m spent on sending 22
public sector employees to the 2012 Ryder Cup in Illinois?

Then take the Commonwealth Games. Anyone with a keen eye on who is running the
show will have noticed the distinct lack of Scottish natives involved. Ever
since the Australians ran a successful Olympics in 2000, they've been telling
everyone how to run a Games, so why aren't we doing it ourselves or at least
looking south to those behind the spectacular London 2012 Olympics?

Of course the Glasgow Games next year will see a sizeable influx of people from
around the world which again offers unprecedented opportunities for Scottish
businesses to engage with a global audience. We should be building a Scottish
Business Club to exploit the opportunities at the time and build exports for the
future, but we are not.

Surprisingly, exporting is not something at which Scotland excels.  For a
country with a huge international heritage and reputation it is galling that of
the 200,000-plus companies here, only around 4000 of these are actively
exporting: that's around 8%.

Companies need to think globally.  A good example of this is the oil industry in
Aberdeen. It has [#x2028]world-leading technology and expertise which it very
sensibly is exporting around the globe. The Wood Group doesn't make all its
money out of the North Sea, and companies like the Weir Group and Aggreko don't
rely entirely on the Scottish market. They're constantly developing initiatives
to get into other countries and markets.

Even the Scottish companies that do export can be conservative, sticking to
tried and tested markets in Europe rather than looking further afield. Europe
might be a big market but quite a few of the countries are currently
experiencing huge financial difficulties. The real growth markets are elsewhere,
for instance the Bric countries - Brazil, Russia, India and China - although
some people say if you're not in the Bric countries now it is too late, and
countries like Indonesia and the Philippines will be next.

Globalisation is certainly working the other way with companies coming over here
and taking over our companies - ScottishPower, now owned by Spanish company
Iberdrola, to name but one.  Scottish companies should be doing the same, taking
over companies abroad and not missing out on opportunities.

I don't have all the answers, but when you consider that Scotland is the most
global nation in the world - you'll find Scots running companies in every corner
of the globe - we should be making the most of our home-grown talent.

In Scotland, we seem to be afraid of asking people to open doors for us.  The
Irish have no such compunction and have successfully exploited their diaspora,
while we are reluctant.  Companies here should be tapping into the network of
global Scots.

With the Games and the Ryder Cup as focal points, companies [#x2028] really do
need to start thinking about how to make the most of these
[#x2028]once-in-a-lifetime opportunities.

David Watt is executive director [#x2028]of IoD Scotland.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GH


                      Copyright 2013 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                          February 10, 1999 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 673 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


IMPEACHABLE OFFENSE

He is guilty of perjury. Guilty of obstruction of justice. Guilty of having used
the public work place -- the Oval Office -- for perverted sex with a young
intern. And yet, partisan Democrats recently voted to dismiss the Senate
impeachment trial of William Jefferson Clinton.

Had their partisan vote succeeded, it would have been obstruction of justice
once again. Every senator knows what President Clinton did. And every senator
knows what he did was wrong. Clinton lied to the American people on TV, to his
staff, his cabinet and to a grand jury. And every lie, every evasive answer,
every semantic trick was self-serving and a means of obstructing justice.

Under the U.S. Constitution, what Clinton did was an impeachable offense and
will be treated as such by those who believe in equal justice under the law.

Allen Hoegermeyer, Hooper

OK FOR EVERYONE?

According to the news, the case for impeachment of President Clinton is wearing
out. I've felt from the first that Clinton would get off scot-free because of
his liberal agenda, which is supported by the liberal news media, liberal
education and Hollywood, all of which have weakened the morals and integrity of
the people.

Also, morals and honesty seem to mean nothing to the Democratic Party. This,
despite Clinton's past fallacies: triple draft dodger, antiAmericanism during
the Vietnam War, association with Whitewater bank frauds, mysterious deaths of
witnesses, Vince Foster, oral sexual exploits from Arkansas to inside the White
House, renting the Lincoln bedroom for large political contributions, giving
ICBM technology to China, receiving large political contributions from China,
allowing Chinese commerce critical ports in the Panama Canal and tentatively in
California, vetoing all attempts to control abortion, signing the very onesided
environmental treaty, etc., etc.

However, the only thing that seemed to get people's attention was his sexual
exploits. And so this issue, with his lies to the grand jury, was chosen as the
basis for his impeachment, because he could not hide behind others for these
actions. But if these are OK for our president, aren't they OK for the rest of
us? God help America!

Oscar Blomstedt, Lincoln

BETTER TO HUNT

I believe in taking a child hunting or fishing. Instead of hunting the child, I
personally think it is better to teach a child to hunt and fish.

It would give children something to do, instead of roaming the streets and
winding up getting in trouble, and even worse, getting on drugs.

When I was scoutmaster of 16 boys, we set up a target range to teach them how to
handle a gun and bow and arrow. I took them to the lake and river to fish.

Most did hunt and fish, and most did hunt and fish when they grew up. All are
now good citizens. I would rather see an animal shot for food than to see it die
of distemper, blue tongue or another disease caused by overpopulation.

Ivan Valek, Deshler

LOSING THE BEST

It is a sad day for health care in Nebraska when greed and politics take the
place of quality patient care. The recent layoffs and cutbacks at Pioneer Place
Physicians and Lincoln Centre Clinic are an excellent example.

Many outstanding caregivers were asked to step down. My caregiver for several
years, Jenny Belitz, P.A., was one of the tragedies. Many, many times did Belitz
and her nursing assistant Cheryl Roach go above and beyond their usual duties to
answer my needs, which I am sure they did for all of their patients.

These hands-on caregivers are an integral and caring part of today's health
field, but the decision to eliminate them was made by people who don't know
these people or the impact they have on their patients. With the decrease in
medical staff at these locations and increased caseload on the remaining staff,
how can we as patients be guaranteed the outstanding quality of care we have
received in the past?

I and many of my friends and family are sadder today and worried about the
future of health care in our state now that they have gotten rid of the best.

Sandy Behrens, Lincoln

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

US Patent granted to AVG Netherlands (NL) on November 25 titled as "Software
vulnerability exploitation shield"

LENGTH: 224  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,898,787, on
November 25, 2014, to AVG Netherlands (NL), titled as "Software vulnerability
exploitation shield"

Inventors:  Thompson; Roger John (Marietta, GA), Mosher; Gregory Andrew
(Roswell, GA)
Assignee:  AVG Netherlands, B.V. (Amsterdam, NL)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "This
paper describes a mechanism for minimizing the exploitation of vulnerabilities
on software installed on a computing system. At a transport layer (e.g.,
transmission communication protocol (TCP) sockets layer), network traffic is
monitored using a security component installed on a target computer. When a
message destined for the computing system is received, data included in the
message is compared with exploit evidence used to identify malicious code. The
exploit evidence is provided to the security component by security service that
gathers information about the malicious code. Based on the comparison of data in
the message with the exploit evidence, rules are identified that instruct the
security component to take an appropriate action on the message received."

The patent was filed on March 26, 2007 Application no. 11/691,094

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Wexford People (Ireland)

                                 March 4, 2014
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Hoping for double joy in the Stadium Friday;
BILLY'S BOXING ANALYSIS DODD

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 644 words


ALL EYES will be on the National Stadium in South Circular Road on Friday night
next, as two Wexford men try to bring Elite Senior titles back to Wexford.
Olympian Adam Nolan will be joined by a rookie in the Senior grade, Dean Walsh,
in an effort to revive memories of the '80s when Wexford boxers regularly
brought back titles to the sunny south-east.

In 1989 Wexford had four boxers in the finals, with ten times champion Jim
O''Sullivan, seven times winner Billy Walsh and Eddie Bolger all victorious,
while the unlucky loser was Jack McGee from Clongeen.

A large Wexford contingent will travel as both men are extremely popular in the
county due to their likeable personalities as much as their boxing prowess. We
all know Wexford people will travel when there is a worthy sporting cause to
support; add to that the extended Walsh and Nolan families and I''m afraid if
you don''t have a ticket by now you will find it very difficult to get one. For
those unable to travel, the fights will all be shown live on TG4.

We were all enthralled by the exploits of our boxers at the last two Olympics,
plus the subsequent World championships and Europeans, when we all became
experts in the art of pugilism. Katie Taylor claimed her rightful place as a
national hero, while Barnes, Conlan and Nevin joined her on the podium.

Their exploits brought interest in boxing to extraordinary levels and membership
of clubs soared with the number of boys and girls joining. Boxing has moved to a
new level of respectability, providing access to all to a safe sport. However,
some recent changes in the rules have threatened to change the perception of the
sport.

The world governing body, A.I.B.A., has battled for years to compete with
professional boxing. They are trying to prevent the amateur game from being the
schooling ground for future professionals by changing the rules to make the
sports almost identical. The idea is to attract similar crowds and more
importantly similar financial backing from TV coverage etc.

The first major change that will be noticeable on Friday night is the removal of
head guards, which have been compulsory since the Olympic Games in Los Angeles
in 1984. At the time they were seen as one of the most positive changes to the
sport, improving safety and reducing the number of cuts, both accidental and as
a result of foul play. The skilful boxer had a better chance of progressing,
particularly in championships that involve four or five contests over a ten-day
period.

The reason for the change was to reduce the amount of concussions suffered while
wearing headgear. To quote the author of the medical study, 'If you get a cut it
will heal; if you break a bone it will heal; if you can''t recognise your
grandchildren, it''s a disaster'. Head guards will however remain in women''s
boxing.

The second change is with the scoring system. Previously the electronic system
was used and the score was shown after each round. In recent championships
regular attenders felt that it was a fair system as the judges could be
intensely scrutinised by just looking at the computer readout, greatly reducing
the chances of any irregularity.

The new system retains five judges where each judge will score each round 10-9.
At the end of the fight the computer will randomly select scores from only three
of the judges and their scores will decide the outcome. Nobody will know until
the end of the bout which judges' ' scores will have been considered.

In addition, scores will only be revealed at the end of each bout. Whereas
previously the score was known as the contest progressed, the winner will only
be known when the ring announcer calls the result. This method will add to the
tension and excitement on the night, but believe me it will lead to dodgy
decisions.

Best of luck to Adam and Dean, the whole county is behind you on what will be a
special night.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WXP


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Computerworld

                                 March 31, 2006

Fast Exploits of Flaws Test Microsoft's Patching Policy;
Users want fixes sooner, but not from third parties

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: SECURITY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 818 words


By Jaikumar Vijayan

The growing number of zero-day exploits seeking to take advantage of unpatched
security flaws in Microsoft Corp. 's products is exposing some of the
limitations of the company's monthly software update schedule, IT managers and
analysts said last week.

Even so, they added, it may be better in most cases for corporate users to wait
for Microsoft's official updates instead of installing interim patches released
by third-party developers as a stopgap measure.

Robert Olson, a systems administrator at Uline Inc. in Waukegan, Ill., said he
would like to see Microsoft issue supplemental fixes for unpatched
vulnerabilities that are actively being exploited, such as a flaw in Internet
Explorer that malicious hackers were targeting for attacks last week.

At the same time, Olson said that Uline, a distributor of packaging and shipping
materials, has no intention of using third-party patches to plug security holes,
no matter how critical they are.

"Our opinion is that you open yourself to greater threats," he said, citing
fears that a third-party patch could disrupt production applications, leaving
users to resolve the problems without help from Microsoft.

Relying on third-party fixes "is another example of people getting overly
focused on patches and not paying attention to other compensating controls" for
mitigating security risks, said Lloyd Hession, vice president and chief
technology officer at BT Radianz , a New York-based provider of
telecommunications services to the financial industry.

Hession said he thinks that for an IT manager to even consider installing a
third-party patch, "the risks to your environment have to be severe and hard to
mitigate by any other means."

The debate about the wisdom of using third-party patches was renewed last week
amid considerable concern that the flaw in IE could be used by hackers to take
complete control of vulnerable systems. Fueling the concerns was the public
availability of sample attack code, as well as reports by Websense Inc. that
more than 200 malicious Web sites had been set up to try to exploit the flaw.

Microsoft said it planned to issue a patch for the flaw as part of its next
monthly update release on April 11, although the company added that it would act
sooner if warranted.

Two security software vendors, Determina Inc. in Redwood City, Calif., and eEye
Digital Security in Aliso Viejo, Calif., stepped into the breach and released
interim fixes for users who didn't want to wait for Microsoft's patch.

It was the second time this year that third-party developers have released
patches for zero-day flaws ahead of Microsoft. In January, a programmer in
Belgium named Ilfak Guilfanov issued a patch designed to provide a temporary fix
for the Windows Metafile flaw, a far more serious vulnerability that did
eventually prompt Microsoft to release an out-of-cycle patch.

Although unofficial patches can be useful in some cases, it's unlikely that many
businesses - especially larger ones - will deploy them, said Andrew Jacquith, an
analyst at Yankee Group Research Inc. in Boston. Most IT managers "would really
rather wait" than run the risk of implementing an untested patch, he said.

Bill Cassada, enterprise network administrator at Healthways Inc. , a health
care services company in Nashville, said that work-arounds are often available
to help users mitigate the risks of unpatched flaws. With the latest
vulnerability, for instance, all that needs to be done to protect systems is to
turn off the Active Scripting function in IE, Cassada said. Quality Concerns

Microsoft is looking at ways to provide speedier fixes for zero-day flaws, said
Stephen Toulouse, security program manager at the company's Security Response
Center. But, he added, "there are some huge challenges to that."

First and foremost is the issue of quality control, Toulouse said. Microsoft
must ensure that its updates work properly and support a wide range of
platforms. "We can't leave anybody behind," he said. "And unfortunately, [a
patch] might be introducing new problems. So whenever we look at even a quick
hack, it's got to be of quality."

PatchLink Corp. , a ScottsÂ­dale, Ariz.-based vendor of patch management
software, surveyed 250 IT managers in February. More than 60% said they would
like software vendors to release patches immediately when exploit code is in the
wild. But the survey also showed that many IT professionals remain skeptical
about using third-party patches, according to PatchLink.

In January, PatchLink made Guilfanov's WMF patch available to its customers.
"About 25% downloaded it and took a look at it," including several large
government organizations, said Chris Andrew, PatchLink's vice president of
security technologies. But in the end, he said, the number of companies that
implemented the patch "was probably limited to a handful." w

Robert McMillan of the IDG News Service contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Computerworld, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                            April 28, 2007 Saturday

From mines to the Great White Way?

BYLINE: BILL O'BOYLE boboyle@timesleader.com, boboyle@timesleader.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 961 words


More than 60 years have passed since a young James Burke worked as an usher at
the old Comerford Theater in downtown Wilkes-Barre. Now the 78-year-old
Wilkes-Barre native is back in town once again putting people in their seats in
what is now the F.M. Kirby Center for the Performing Arts.
Actors portray a scene from "The Molly Maguires" during a dress rehearsal
Thursday afternoon.

Burke, producer of the musical "The Molly Maguires," took time Friday to wallow
in the first-night success of his show, passionately reflect on the historical
significance of the story and to fondly remember where it all began for him.

"The Molly Maguires" is co-produced by Burke Productions and WVIA and tells the
story of the fight for social justice of a group of coalminers in Northeastern
Pennsylvania. The show premiered Thursday night and continues today  with two
shows.

Burke, a graduate of St. Mary's High School and King's College, both in
Wilkes-Barre, hopes to take the show to London, Sydney, "every major city," and
eventually to New York City   Broadway.

"Sure it's my dream," Burke said. "But so much needs to come together. We are
dealing with financing, cast scheduling, musicians, theater availability; it's
really an incredible task. But we want to go where the audiences are because we
feel this show is not only a great story with great music, it's also so
significant to the growth of this country."

Burke said his show has a destiny.

"The right people must hear this music," he said. "We have had Broadway people
here last night and they are coming tonight and tomorrow. Some have jetted in
for the show and then jetted back. There definitely is a lot of interest."

Referring to a 1902 painting done by Nicholas Cortiglia that shows President
Theodore Roosevelt, Bishop Michael J. Hoban and the Rev. John J. Curran, Burke
said: "Do you realize the significance of that meeting and the events that
followed?

"These two priests went to Washington, D.C., to meet with the president," Burke
said. They wanted Roosevelt to intervene in a bitter strike by anthracite miners
that was, in essence, crippling the nation. Father Curran convinced Roosevelt to
get involved and soon after the strike was settled."

Burke said this brought to an end what he termed "a dynasty of greed" on Wall
Street.

He said Roosevelt then established the Department of Labor and appointed a labor
secretary to his Cabinet. Father Curran, Burke said, became a close friend and
"trusted adviser" of Roosevelt.

Burke said history also shows that Rerum Novarum    Pope Leo XIII   got involved
and talked about the miners of Northeastern Pennsylvania who he said were in
servitude to the companies. Just one year after John Mitchell of Scranton formed
the United Mineworkers Union in 1890, Pope Leo XIII said, "The excess of
capitalism is greed. These miners work in the bowels of the earth, where a few
rich men are enslaving the teeming masses of the poor."

Burke quickly puts all of this history into perspective when he says, "That led
to the establishment of what we call the middle class. Without these men, we
would never have seen a middle class in this country. It would have gone on
forever, the rich and the poor. They would have continued to exploit, exploit,
exploit. It took a lot of courage by Roosevelt, Father Curran and Bishop Hoban
to lead the cause. The poor would not be oppressed anymore."

This is why Burke is so proud of his heritage and he feels all residents and
natives of this region should share in that pride when talking about their
roots.

"Everyone should take so much pride in what people like the Molly Maguires and
other coal miners did to change the face of this nation," Burke said. "I spoke
at the Wilkes-Barre Friendly Sons dinner this year and I told them that if it
weren't for these people, those attending the dinner wouldn't be wearing black
tie, they would all be at home suffering from Black Lung."

Burke said producing the show is one thing, but being able to bring it back to
his home area was extremely satisfying.

"It's been great," Burke said. "To see a standing ovation at the end of the show
was absolutely exhilarating."

Executive Producer Ken Denison said the Molly Maguires is a story of a group of
heroes. "Everyone should see this," Denison said. "Whether they have a
connection to the mining industry or not. It's a powerful story with significant
historical meaning."

Donna Lynne Champlin (Irene), Elena Shaddow (Katie Sullivan Darcy) and Steven
Booth (Michael Darcy) each praised the Kirby Center and said they are a bit
overwhelmed performing this show in the area where it actually happened.

"We all know we have something very special here," said Champlin. "The audience
is our final cast member and we could tell they were emotionally engaged in the
performance. The standing ovation just blew us all away."

All three said they enjoyed talking to audience members and hearing the
individual stories of how coal mining affected their particular lives. "It
didn't register in my heart just how important this story is until last night
when I met all those people," Champlin said. "That really made a difference for
me."

Shaddow agreed with Champlin, adding, "That (the interaction) has really
enriched my experience here. It makes it that much more meaningful. I'm very
proud to be here, actually I'm honored to do it."

Booth said his father was a silver miner in Idaho and when he told his dad about
the show, his dad told him he knew the story of the Molly Maguires.

"That gives you a different perspective," said Booth. "I feel very fortunate to
be part of something that means so much to so many."

"The Molly Maguires" will be presented at 2 and 7:30 p.m. today. Tickets are
$45, $55, and $65. There are some seats remaining for today's performances.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             April 11, 2006 Tuesday

Duke debacle looks different through a moral lens

BYLINE: DAVID BROOKS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 763 words


All great scandals occur twice, first as Tom Wolfe novels, then as real-life
events that nightmarishly mimic them. And so after "I Am Charlotte Simmons," it
was perhaps inevitable that Duke University would have to endure a mini-social
explosion involving athletic thugs, resentful townies, nervous administrators,
male predators, aggrieved professors, binge drinking and lust gone wild.

If you wander through the thicket of commentary that already surrounds the Duke
lacrosse scandal, the first thing you notice is how sociological it is. In
almost every article and piece of commentary, the event is portrayed not as a
crime between individuals, but as a clash between classes, races and sexes.

"This whole sordid party scene played out at the prestigious university is
deeply disturbing on a number of levels, including those involving gender, race
and the notion of athletic entitlement and privilege," a USA Today columnist
wrote.

"The collisions are epic: black and white, town and gown, rich and poor,
privilege and plain, jocks and scholars," a CBS analyst observed.

One-perspective coverage. The key word in the coverage has been "entitlement."
In a thousand different ways commentators have asserted (based on no knowledge
of the people involved) that the lacrosse players behaved rancidly because they
felt privileged and entitled to act as they pleased.

The main theme shaping the coverage is that inequality leads to exploitation.
The whites felt free to exploit the blacks. The men felt free to exploit women.
The jocks felt free to exploit everybody else. As a Duke professor, Houston
Baker, wrote, their environment gave the lacrosse players "license to rape,
maraud, deploy hate speech and feel proud of themselves in the bargain."

It could be that this environmental, sociological explanation of events is
entirely accurate. But it says something about our current intellectual climate
that almost every reporter and commentator used these mental categories so
unconsciously and automatically.

Several decades ago, American commentators would have used an entirely different
vocabulary to grapple with what happened at Duke. Instead of the vocabulary of
sociology, they would have used the language of morality and character.

If you were looking at this scandal through that language, you would look at the
e-mail message one of the players sent on the night in question. This is the one
in which a young man joked about killing strippers and cutting off their skin.

You would say that the person who felt free to send this message to his buddies
had crashed through several moral guardrails. You would surmise that his
character had been corroded by shock jocks and raunch culture and that he'd
entered a nihilistic moral universe where young men entertain each other with
bravura displays of immoralism. A community so degraded, you might surmise, is
not a long way from actual sexual assault.

Value of character. You would then ask questions very different from the
sociological ones: How have these young men slipped into depravity? Why have
they not developed sufficient character to restrain their baser impulses?

The educators who used this vocabulary several decades ago understood that when
you concentrate young men, they have a tropism toward barbarism. That's why
these educators cared less about academics than about instilling a formula for
character building. The formula, then called chivalry, consisted first of
manners, habits and self-imposed restraints to prevent the downward slide.

Furthermore, it was believed that each of us had a godlike and a demonic side,
and that decent people perpetually strengthened the muscles of their virtuous
side in order to restrain the deathless sinner within. If you read commencement
addresses from, say, the 1920s, you can actually see college presidents
exhorting their students to battle the beast within -- a sentiment that if
uttered by a contemporary administrator would cause the audience to gape and the
Earth to fall off its axis.

Today, that old code of obsolete chivalry is gone, as is a whole vocabulary on
how young people should think about character.

But in "I Am Charlotte Simmons," Wolfe tried to steer readers back past the
identity groups to the ghost in the machine, the individual soul. Wolfe's
heroine is a modern girl searching for honor in a world where the social rules
have dissolved, and who commits "moral suicide" because she is unprepared for
what she faces.

Many critics reacted furiously to these parts of Wolfe's book. And we are where
we are.

Brooks is a columnist for the New York Times.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 31, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Security hole digs into Microsoft;
PC users' bank account log-ins could be at risk

BYLINE: Byron Acohido

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 463 words


SEATTLE -- For the second time this year, Microsoft is scrambling to fix a
critical security hole in its Internet Explorer Web browser, a flaw cybercrooks
found and have already begun to exploit.

The flaw allows intruders to seize control of the PCs of anyone visiting
corrupted websites. Thursday, cybercrooks stepped up their weeklong assault by
releasing e-mail spam that entices victims to visit such websites, says Dan
Hubbard, research director at tech security firm Websense.

Spam recipients are asked to click on links to news stories about the U.S.
dollar vs. other currencies. After clicking on the link, the user's PC freezes
up for 30 seconds or so, as the website installs a software program that
captures online bank account log-ins, then sends the log-ins back to
cybercrooks. "You've really got to be confident about the website you're
visiting," Hubbard says.

Microsoft security chief Stephen Toulouse downplays the threat. "We're not
seeing a lot of attempts to exploit this," he says. Even so, Microsoft
recommends turning off IE's "active scripting" function until an official patch
is ready.

Instructions are at support.microsoft.com/security.

The larger issue: Microsoft is being forced for the second time in three months
to deal with a feared phenomena in tech security: a vulnerability for which no
patch exists, known as a "zero-day" threat.

In December, cybercrooks moved quickly to exploit a similar Internet Explorer
flaw, hijacking hundreds of thousands of PCs before Microsoft made a patch
available. The emergence of zero-day threats has raised complex dilemmas for the
world's largest software maker.

Among them:

*Timing of patches. Microsoft issues security fixes on the second Tuesday of the
month. The company plans to issue a patch April 11, the next scheduled release
date.

It needs that time to make sure the patch works in 23 languages and doesn't
interfere with applications tied into the browser, Toulouse says.

Meanwhile, tech security companies eEye and Determina this week made temporary
patches available for free. Microsoft says it can't vouch for the third-party
patches.

Still, eEye founder Marc Maiffret contends Microsoft's monthly patch cycle
"isn't good enough to protect customers from zero-day threats."

*Widening attacks. As tech suppliers push more home-entertainment and workplace
tools online, they are opening virgin territory for cybercrooks.

Zero-day threats lurk anywhere a PC user supplies data to online software
applications such as browsers, e-mail or instant-messaging services and music or
video players. Crooks are becoming adept at supplying data that tricks the
application into giving up control of the PC.

"None of this activity would be visible to an infected user," says Charles
Renert, research director at Determina.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 999 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                           Planet Entertainment Corp

                                 7 Simmons Lane
                               Menands,  NY 12204
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-518-4325560

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: PNEC
CUSIP: 727024101
IRS No.: 330471728
CIK: 0001038284
ISIN: US7270241018
SEDOL: 2248369
Reuters Instrument Code: PNEC.PK^A10
Display RIC: PNEC.PK

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Inactive
EMPLOYEES: 110

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Planet Entertainment Corporation, incorporated in May 1996, is involved in
various areas of the recorded music industry. The Company's principal business
is the wholesale distribution of pre-recorded music in the form of CDs, cassette
tapes and other entertainment-related products such as videotapes, DVDs and
music- or entertainment-related apparel, such as T-shirts. The Company's
business activities also include, to a lesser extent, the acquisition,
licensing, production, marketing and distribution of recorded music from the
catalog. The Company distributes approximately 140,000 front-end titles of
pre-recorded music to independent record stores, college bookstores and mass
merchants. Generally, front-end titles are popular, current, re-recorded music
titles.

   On November 30, 2001, Planet Entertainment and its wholly owned subsidiary,
Northeast One Stop, Inc. (NEOS), filed voluntary petitions for relief under
Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the Code) with the United
States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of New York, seeking
reorganization under Chapter 11. Planet and Northeast One Stop are operating as
debtors and debtors-in-possession under the Code.

   The Company owns or licenses certain non-exclusive rights associated with
approximately 15,000 music master recordings from existing music catalogues of
recorded music. A master recording is the original, final, then-recorded version
of a song recorded in the studio. Of such 15,000 master recordings that Planet
Entertainment has the right to exploit, it has joint rights to approximately
5,000 with a former officer of the Company, and it has non-exclusive rights to
the remaining approximately 10,000 masters. Non-exclusive rights to master
recordings allow the Company, as well as other persons who demonstrate the right
to exploit such master recordings, to exploit the particular master recordings.

   During 2000, NEOS selected NxTrend Technology, Inc. to develop and install a
custom hardware and distribution software solution. Also, with the growth of the
Internet, warehousing and fulfillment have become major issues to all e-commerce
companies, including those traditional brick-and-mortar retailers that are
adopting what is becoming known as a "click-and-brick" strategy. NEOS' systems
allow the Company to more adequately service and grow with its music retailers.
The Company configured and upgraded its hardware, software and sorting/shipping
equipment in such a way to be able to utilize its facilities to provide
third-party warehousing, fulfillment and distribution services for Internet
retailers covering a diverse array of products.

   During 2000, NEOS serviced several Internet retailers such as Amazon.com,
EveryCD.com, Tower mail order, Internet Shopping Network and CDUniverse.com. In
the future, the Company hopes to fulfill customer orders for additional Internet
retailers and catalog companies by shipping product directly to the individual
customer. These music retailers tend to sell mostly very deep catalog and
require conformance to their own specific electronic data interchange
requirements.

   The Company has two distinct Websites. Planet's wholesale site is devoted to
NEOS' current customers (www.neoneb2b.com). The Website is meant as an order
entry tool for wholesale business customers and affiliated Internet-based
customers, thus the reference "b2b" (business to business). The Corporate site
(, www.planetentertainment.com) will be designed to focus on the music catalog
and compilation albums, as well as provide general corporate information
regarding Planet Entertainment Corp. Planet Entertainment's business-to-business
Website went online in June 2000.

   Planet Entertainment's inventory of master recordings includes a broad range
of musical genres, including adult contemporary, classical, gospel, blues, rap,
reggae, jazz, instrumental, easy listening, big band, swing, Christmas, country,
pop, rock and roll and rhythm and blues. A partial listing of artists included
in the Company's non-exclusive master catalogue include Louis Armstrong, Tony
Bennett, George Benson, Glen Campbell, Nat King Cole, Bing Crosby, Sammy Davis,
Jr., Fats Domino, Duke Ellington, Ella Fitzgerald, Marvin Gaye, George Gershwin,
Dizzy Gillespie, Bill Haley's Comets, Billie Holliday, John Lee Hooker, Lena
Horne, The Ink Spots, Jackson Five, Al Jolson, Quincy Jones, Frankie Lane, Glenn
Miller, Willie Nelson, Charlie Parker, Dolly Parton, Neil Sedaka, Pete Seeger,
Sisters Sledge, Steely Dan, Ike & Tina Turner, The Tokens, The Crystals, The
Tramps and Randy & the Rainbows.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
42199 - Other Miscellaneous Durable Goods Wholesalers
SECONDARY NAICS:
334612 - Prerecorded Compact Disc (except Software), Tape, and Record
Reproducing
PRIMARY SIC:
7812 - Motion Picture & Video Production
SECONDARY SIC:
5099 - Durable Goods, Nec
3652 - Prerecorded Records And Tapes
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Zomax Incorporated
     ·    Handleman Company
     ·    Valley Media, Inc.


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: August 31, 2000

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    08/31/2000      08/31/1999      08/31/1998
Cash & Equivalents                          65             621           3,850
Cash and Short Term                        674           1,895           3,850
Investments
Accounts Receivable - Trade,             3,827           5,679             123
Gross
Provision for Doubtful                   (355)           (617)           (105)
Accounts
Accounts Receivable - Trade,             3,472           5,062              18
Net
Total Receivables, Net                   3,792           5,343             210
Prepaid Expenses                           158             197             247
Other Current Assets, Total              1,050             358             225
Total Current Assets                    11,404          14,946           4,532
Machinery/Equipment - Gross              3,884           3,081             210
Property/Plant/Equipment,                4,558           3,111             210
Total - Gross
Accumulated Depreciation,              (2,185)         (1,845)            (37)
Total
Property/Plant/Equipment,                2,373           1,266             173
Total - Net
Goodwill - Gross                         4,595           4,617              85
Accumulated Goodwill                     (230)           (138)            (14)
Amortization
Goodwill, Net                            4,365           4,479              71
Intangibles - Gross                      6,625           6,625           6,575
Accumulated Intangible                   (184)            (59)            (33)
Amortization
Intangibles, Net                         6,441           6,594           6,543
Total Assets                            24,737          27,418          11,319



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    08/31/2000      08/31/1999      08/31/1998
Accounts Payable                         6,831           7,399             124
Accrued Expenses                           863             780             204
Notes Payable/Short Term Debt            1,390           1,100             421
Current Port. of LT                        327              77             250
Debt/Capital Leases
Customer Advances                           57             212             124
Other Current Liabilities                  362             239             276
Other Current liabilities,                 419             451             400
Total
Total Current Liabilities                9,830           9,807           1,399
Long Term Debt                           6,034           6,385             750
Total Long Term Debt                     6,441           6,394             750
Total Debt                               8,158           7,571           1,421
Total Liabilities                       16,575          16,345           2,149



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    08/31/2000      08/31/1999      08/31/1998
Preferred Stock - Non                    4,550           4,650           5,000
Redeemable
Preferred Stock - Non                    4,550           4,650           5,000
Redeemable, Net
Common Stock                                12              12              12
Common Stock, Total                         12              12              12
Additional Paid-In Capital              11,691          11,513           9,286
Retained Earnings (Accumulated         (5,201)         (4,879)         (5,129)
Deficit)
Total Equity                             8,161          11,070           9,169
Total Liabilities &                     24,736          27,415          11,318
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock              12,435          12,148          11,976
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                     12,435          12,148          11,976
Outstanding
Total Preferred Shares                       0               0               1
Outstanding



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    08/31/2000      08/31/1999      08/31/1998
Shares Outstanding - Preferred               0               0               0
Issue 1



FOOTNOTE
                                    08/31/2000      08/31/1999      08/31/1998
Full-Time Employees                        110             120             150
Number of Common Shareholders              244             254           1,000
Accumulated Goodwill                       230             138              14
Amortization Suppl.
Accumulated Intangible Amort,              195              65              33
Suppl.
Deferred Revenue - Current                  57             212             124



RATIOS
                                    08/31/2000      08/31/1999      08/31/1998
Total Current Assets less                5,674           7,793           4,532
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                                  1               1               3
Current Ratio                                1               2               3
Net Debt('000 USD)                      12,034          10,326           2,571
Tangible Book Value('000 USD)          (7,195)         (4,653)         (2,445)
Tangible Book Value per Share               -1               0               0
(USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    08/31/2000      08/31/1999      08/31/1998
Net Sales                               30,426          43,724             109
Revenue                                 30,426          43,724             109
Total Revenue                           30,426          43,724             109
Cost of Revenue                         24,870          35,622              11
Cost of Revenue, Total                  24,870          35,622              11
Gross Profit                             5,556           8,102              98
Selling/General/Administrative           5,167           6,599             659
Expense
Selling/General/Admin.                   5,167           6,599             659
Expenses, Total
Depreciation                               638             498              34
Depreciation/Amortization                  638             498              34
Interest Expense - Operating               719             534              98
Interest Expense, Net -                    719             534              98
Operating
Interest                                   719             534              98
Exp.(Inc.),Net-Operating,
Total
Total Operating Expense                 31,394          43,253             802
Operating Income                         (968)             471           (693)
Net Income Before Taxes                  (968)             513           (646)
Net Income After Taxes                   (328)             474           (646)
Net Income Before Extra. Items           (328)             474           (646)
Preferred Dividends                      (311)           (353)         (3,709)
Income Available to Com Excl             (639)             121         (4,355)
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares           12,332          11,996          11,827
Basic EPS Excluding                          0               0               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                12,332          11,996          11,827
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd               0               0               0
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    08/31/2000      08/31/1999      08/31/1998
Net Income                               (313)             278           (646)
Income Available to Com Incl             (624)            (75)         (4,355)
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    08/31/2000      08/31/1999      08/31/1998
Total Special Items                         92             123               7
Normalized Income Before Taxes           (876)             636           (639)
Normalized Income After Taxes            (236)             597           (639)
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.            (547)             244         (4,348)
Basic Normalized EPS                         0               0               0
Diluted Normalized EPS                       0               0               0



RATIOS
                                    08/31/2000      08/31/1999      08/31/1998
Gross Margin                                18              19              90
Operating Margin                            -3               1            -636
Pretax Margin                               -3               1            -593
Net Profit Margin                           -2               0          -3,995
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)                (249)           1,005           (595)
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)                389           1,503           (561)



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    08/31/2000      08/31/1999      08/31/1998
Basic EPS Including                          0               0               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                         (1)               0             (4)
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd               0               0               0
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    08/31/2000      08/31/1999      08/31/1998
Net Income after Stock Based             (363)           (966)           (646)
Comp. Exp.
Basic EPS after Stock Based                  0               0               0
Comp. Exp. (USD)
Diluted EPS after Stock Based                0               0               0
Comp. Exp. (USD)
Interest Expense, Supplemental             719             534              98
Depreciation, Supplemental                 389             295              17
Amort of Acquisition Costs,                 92             123               7
Supplemental
Amort of Intangibles,                      157              80              10
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    08/31/2000      08/31/1999      08/31/1998
Net Income/Starting Line                 (311)             278           (645)
Depreciation                               653             528              34
Depreciation/Depletion                     653             528              34
Other Non-Cash Items                   (1,452)         (1,480)             248
Non-Cash Items                         (1,495)         (1,480)             248
Accounts Receivable                      1,039             223               3
Prepaid Expenses                            43              72           (128)
Accrued Expenses                           322             398              29
Payable/Accrued                          (767)           (368)              81
Other Operating Cash Flow                 (31)            (91)              67
Changes in Working Capital               2,029            (83)              52
Cash from Operating Activities             230           (832)           (311)
Other Investing Cash Flow                1,215           (164)           (225)
Other Investing Cash Flow                1,215         (1,800)           (225)
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities           (232)         (2,795)           (225)
Other Financing Cash Flow                   15           (275)           (518)
Financing Cash Flow Items                   15           (275)           (518)
Long Term Debt Reduction                 (432)           (667)           (250)
Long Term Debt, Net                      (569)             623           (100)
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,           (569)             655           (100)
Net
Cash from Financing Activities           (554)             398           4,382
Net Change in Cash                       (556)         (3,229)           3,846
Net Cash - Beginning Balance               621           3,850               4
Net Cash - Ending Balance                   65             621           3,850

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          11,404
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         11,787
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            24,737
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           24,932
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             25,966
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           3,611
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                             33
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          4,901
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (2,645)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (6,137)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             165
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                             674
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            2,185
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,730
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                6,068
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            9,830
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         15,807
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             16,575
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           20,349
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           6,441
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,238
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          3,792
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              5,150
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              8,161
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            4,583
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           8,158
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               6,922
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             653
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            158
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              616
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,217)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,139
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             1,663
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -135.22
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.07
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            19
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.17
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.32
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.28
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.86
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.87
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.61
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (2,852,174)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (70,629,870)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (34,681,820)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             7.13
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.66
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.73
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           264,573.90
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               321,025.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 301,672.70
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .75
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.33
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.35
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -4.87
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                3.30
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -2.92
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.04
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.00
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  78.92
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      92.47
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          71.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           39.47
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               36.84
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .58
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .36
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .67
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         32.98
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             27.76
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             49.99
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.17
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         99.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            151.04
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          89.73
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .13
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.32
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -19.17
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  3.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -19.17
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       -7.66
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -9.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                           -160.08
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -140.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -613.58
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -462.25
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -159.92
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -140.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -481.85
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -628.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         28.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -13.42
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -4.94
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -30.41
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        24,870
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             8,529
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         30,122
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (328)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,937)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (3,815)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (236)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (968)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,397)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,738)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (876)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (249)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,159)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (2,785)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                  389
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             1,503
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,001)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,168)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            719
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           238
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             953
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (639)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (2,017)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (4,124)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (547)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (328)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (313)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             30,426
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  8,804
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             34,907
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   33,184
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      7.60
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (640)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 540
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    77
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (313)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (3,815)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (332)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (3,815)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -1.26
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -29.04
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.53
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.69
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -12.74
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -850.25
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              25.07
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -167.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -2.02
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -67.97
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -29.88
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 656
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 369
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (213)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (494)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              117
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                76
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               5
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                 0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            52
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (54)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (600)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (149)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (213)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              146
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (282)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               54
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              13
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (174)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (52)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (162)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (332)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (52)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (51)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    93
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                             (44)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (99)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (152)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            173
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              690
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              172
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (121)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                134
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               518
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              341
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,467
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          2,840
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    708
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,669
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .04
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.28
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -6.53
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 18.26
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 18.53
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                         3.12
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                           9.23
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -1.08
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           1.08
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -22.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.04
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -11.50
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.18
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.08
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -15.87
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -11.26
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.18
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.17
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -15.87
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -11.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            16.98
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           14.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             15.76
Float                                                                      2.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                              1
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             12.24
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            12.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          12.33
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            12.53
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              12.43
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         12.24
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            12.43
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.43
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.91



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          11,404
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         11,787
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            24,737
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           24,932
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             25,966
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           3,611
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                             33
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          4,901
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (2,645)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (6,137)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             165
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                             674
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            2,185
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,730
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                6,068
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            9,830
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         15,807
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             16,575
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           20,349
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           6,441
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,238
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          3,792
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              5,150
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              8,161
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            4,583
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           8,158
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               6,922
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             653
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            158
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              616
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,217)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,139
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             1,663
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -135.22
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.07
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            19
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.17
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.32
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.28
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.86
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.87
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.61
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (2,852,174)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (70,629,870)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (34,681,820)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             7.13
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.66
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.73
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           264,573.90
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               321,025.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 301,672.70
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .75
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.33
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.35
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -4.87
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                3.30
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -2.92
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.04
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.00
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  78.92
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      92.47
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          71.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           39.47
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               36.84
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .58
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .36
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .67
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         32.98
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             27.76
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             49.99
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.17
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         99.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            151.04
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          89.73
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .13
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.32
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -19.17
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  3.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -19.17
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       -7.66
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -9.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                           -160.08
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -140.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -613.58
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -462.25
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -159.92
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -140.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -481.85
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -628.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         28.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -13.42
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -4.94
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -30.41
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        24,870
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             8,529
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         30,122
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (328)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,937)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (3,815)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (236)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (968)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,397)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,738)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (876)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (249)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,159)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (2,785)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                  389
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             1,503
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,001)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,168)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            719
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           238
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             953
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (639)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (2,017)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (4,124)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (547)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (328)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (313)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             30,426
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  8,804
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             34,907
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   33,184
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      7.60
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (640)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 540
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    77
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (313)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (3,815)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (332)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (3,815)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -1.26
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -29.04
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.53
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.69
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -12.74
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -850.25
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              25.07
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -167.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -2.02
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -67.97
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -29.88
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 656
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 369
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (213)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (494)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              117
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                76
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               5
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                 0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            52
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (54)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (600)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (149)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (213)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              146
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (282)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               54
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              13
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (174)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (52)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (162)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (332)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (52)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (51)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    93
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                             (44)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (99)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (152)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            173
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              690
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              172
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (121)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                134
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               518
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              341
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,467
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          2,840
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    708
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,669
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .04
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.28
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -6.53
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 18.26
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 18.53
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                         3.12
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                           9.23
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -1.08
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           1.08
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -22.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.04
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -11.50
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.18
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.08
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -15.87
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -11.26
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.18
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.17
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -15.87
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -11.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            16.98
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           14.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             15.76
Float                                                                      2.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                              1
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             12.24
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            12.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          12.33
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            12.53
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              12.43
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         12.24
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            12.43
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.43
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.91



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          11,404
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         11,787
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            24,737
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           24,932
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             25,966
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           3,611
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                             33
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          4,901
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (2,645)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (6,137)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             165
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                             674
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            2,185
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,730
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                6,068
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            9,830
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         15,807
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             16,575
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           20,349
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           6,441
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,238
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          3,792
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              5,150
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              8,161
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            4,583
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           8,158
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               6,922
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             653
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            158
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              616
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,217)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,139
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             1,663
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -135.22
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.07
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            19
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.17
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.32
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.28
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.86
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.87
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.61
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (2,852,174)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (70,629,870)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (34,681,820)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             7.13
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.66
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.73
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           264,573.90
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               321,025.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 301,672.70
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .75
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.33
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.35
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -4.87
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                3.30
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -2.92
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.04
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.00
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  78.92
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      92.47
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          71.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           39.47
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               36.84
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .58
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .36
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .67
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         32.98
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             27.76
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             49.99
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.17
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         99.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            151.04
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          89.73
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .13
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.32
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -19.17
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  3.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -19.17
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       -7.66
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -9.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                           -160.08
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -140.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -613.58
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -462.25
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -159.92
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -140.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -481.85
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -628.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         28.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -13.42
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -4.94
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -30.41
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        24,870
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             8,529
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         30,122
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (328)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,937)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (3,815)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (236)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (968)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,397)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,738)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (876)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (249)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,159)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (2,785)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                  389
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             1,503
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,001)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,168)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            719
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           238
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             953
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (639)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (2,017)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (4,124)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (547)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (328)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (313)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             30,426
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  8,804
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             34,907
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   33,184
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      7.60
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (640)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 540
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    77
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (313)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (3,815)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (332)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (3,815)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -1.26
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -29.04
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.53
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.69
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -12.74
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -850.25
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              25.07
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -167.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -2.02
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -67.97
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -29.88
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 656
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 369
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (213)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (494)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              117
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                76
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               5
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                 0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            52
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (54)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (600)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (149)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (213)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              146
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (282)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               54
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              13
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (174)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (52)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (162)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (332)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (52)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (51)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    93
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                             (44)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (99)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (152)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            173
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              690
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              172
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (121)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                134
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               518
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              341
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,467
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          2,840
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    708
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,669
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .04
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.28
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -6.53
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 18.26
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 18.53
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                         3.12
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                           9.23
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -1.08
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           1.08
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -22.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.04
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -11.50
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.18
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.08
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -15.87
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -11.26
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.18
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.17
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -15.87
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -11.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            16.98
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           14.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             15.76
Float                                                                      2.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                              1
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             12.24
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            12.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          12.33
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            12.53
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              12.43
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         12.24
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            12.43
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.43
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.91



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          11,404
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         11,787
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            24,737
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           24,932
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             25,966
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           3,611
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                             33
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          4,901
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (2,645)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (6,137)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             165
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                             674
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            2,185
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,730
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                6,068
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            9,830
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         15,807
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             16,575
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           20,349
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           6,441
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,238
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          3,792
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              5,150
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              8,161
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            4,583
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           8,158
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               6,922
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             653
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            158
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              616
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,217)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,139
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             1,663
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -135.22
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.07
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            19
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.17
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.32
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.28
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.86
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.87
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.61
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (2,852,174)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (70,629,870)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (34,681,820)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             7.13
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.66
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.73
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           264,573.90
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               321,025.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 301,672.70
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .75
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.33
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.35
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -4.87
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                3.30
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -2.92
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.04
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.00
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  78.92
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      92.47
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          71.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           39.47
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               36.84
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .58
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .36
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .67
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         32.98
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             27.76
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             49.99
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.17
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         99.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            151.04
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          89.73
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .13
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.32
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -19.17
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  3.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -19.17
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       -7.66
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -9.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                           -160.08
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -140.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -613.58
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -462.25
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -159.92
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -140.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -481.85
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -628.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         28.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -13.42
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -4.94
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -30.41
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        24,870
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             8,529
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         30,122
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (328)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,937)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (3,815)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (236)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (968)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,397)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,738)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (876)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (249)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,159)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (2,785)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                  389
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             1,503
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,001)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,168)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            719
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           238
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             953
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (639)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (2,017)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (4,124)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (547)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (328)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (313)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             30,426
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  8,804
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             34,907
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   33,184
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      7.60
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (640)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 540
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    77
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (313)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (3,815)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (332)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (3,815)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -1.26
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -29.04
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.53
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.69
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -12.74
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -850.25
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              25.07
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -167.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -2.02
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -67.97
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -29.88
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 656
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 369
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (213)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (494)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              117
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                76
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               5
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                 0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            52
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (54)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (600)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (149)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (213)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              146
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (282)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               54
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              13
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (174)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (52)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (162)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (332)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (52)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (51)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    93
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                             (44)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (99)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (152)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            173
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              690
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              172
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (121)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                134
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               518
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              341
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,467
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          2,840
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    708
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,669
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .04
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.28
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -6.53
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 18.26
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 18.53
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                         3.12
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                           9.23
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -1.08
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           1.08
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -22.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.04
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -11.50
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.18
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.08
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -15.87
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -11.26
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.18
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.17
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -15.87
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -11.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            16.98
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           14.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             15.76
Float                                                                      2.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                              1
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             12.24
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            12.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          12.33
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            12.53
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              12.43
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         12.24
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            12.43
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.43
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.91



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          11,404
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         11,787
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            24,737
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           24,932
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             25,966
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           3,611
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                             33
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          4,901
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (2,645)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (6,137)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             165
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                             674
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            2,185
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,730
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                6,068
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            9,830
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         15,807
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             16,575
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           20,349
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           6,441
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,238
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          3,792
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              5,150
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              8,161
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            4,583
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           8,158
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               6,922
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             653
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            158
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              616
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,217)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,139
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             1,663
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -135.22
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.07
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            19
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.17
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.32
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.28
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.86
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.87
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.61
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (2,852,174)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (70,629,870)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (34,681,820)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             7.13
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.66
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.73
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           264,573.90
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               321,025.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 301,672.70
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .75
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.33
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.35
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -4.87
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                3.30
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -2.92
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.04
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.00
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  78.92
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      92.47
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          71.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           39.47
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               36.84
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .58
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .36
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .67
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         32.98
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             27.76
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             49.99
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.17
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         99.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            151.04
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          89.73
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .13
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.32
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -19.17
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  3.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -19.17
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       -7.66
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -9.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                           -160.08
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -140.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -613.58
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -462.25
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -159.92
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -140.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -481.85
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -628.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         28.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -13.42
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -4.94
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -30.41
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        24,870
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             8,529
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         30,122
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (328)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,937)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (3,815)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (236)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (968)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,397)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,738)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (876)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (249)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,159)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (2,785)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                  389
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             1,503
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,001)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,168)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            719
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           238
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             953
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (639)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (2,017)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (4,124)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (547)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (328)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (313)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             30,426
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  8,804
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             34,907
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   33,184
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      7.60
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (640)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 540
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    77
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (313)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (3,815)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (332)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (3,815)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -1.26
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -29.04
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.53
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.69
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -12.74
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -850.25
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              25.07
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -167.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -2.02
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -67.97
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -29.88
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 656
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 369
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (213)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (494)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              117
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                76
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               5
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                 0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            52
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (54)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (600)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (149)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (213)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              146
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (282)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               54
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              13
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (174)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (52)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (162)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (332)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (52)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (51)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    93
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                             (44)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (99)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (152)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            173
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              690
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              172
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (121)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                134
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               518
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              341
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,467
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          2,840
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    708
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,669
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .04
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.28
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -6.53
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 18.26
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 18.53
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                         3.12
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                           9.23
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -1.08
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           1.08
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -22.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.04
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -11.50
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.18
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.08
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -15.87
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -11.26
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.18
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.17
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -15.87
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -11.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            16.98
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           14.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             15.76
Float                                                                      2.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                              1
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             12.24
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            12.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          12.33
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            12.53
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              12.43
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         12.24
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            12.43
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.43
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.91



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          11,404
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         11,787
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            24,737
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           24,932
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             25,966
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           3,611
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                             33
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          4,901
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (2,645)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (6,137)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             165
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                             674
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            2,185
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,730
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                6,068
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            9,830
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         15,807
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             16,575
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           20,349
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           6,441
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,238
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          3,792
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              5,150
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              8,161
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            4,583
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           8,158
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               6,922
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             653
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            158
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              616
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,217)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,139
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             1,663
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -135.22
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.07
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            19
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.17
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.32
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.28
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.86
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.87
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.61
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (2,852,174)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (70,629,870)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (34,681,820)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             7.13
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.66
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.73
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           264,573.90
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               321,025.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 301,672.70
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .75
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.33
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.35
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -4.87
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                3.30
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -2.92
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.04
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.00
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  78.92
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      92.47
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          71.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           39.47
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               36.84
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .58
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .36
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .67
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         32.98
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             27.76
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             49.99
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.17
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         99.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            151.04
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          89.73
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .13
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.32
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -19.17
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  3.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -19.17
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       -7.66
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -9.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                           -160.08
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -140.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -613.58
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -462.25
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -159.92
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -140.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -481.85
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -628.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         28.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -13.42
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -4.94
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -30.41
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        24,870
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             8,529
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         30,122
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (328)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,937)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (3,815)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (236)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (968)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,397)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,738)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (876)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (249)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,159)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (2,785)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                  389
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             1,503
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,001)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,168)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            719
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           238
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             953
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (639)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (2,017)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (4,124)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (547)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (328)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (313)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             30,426
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  8,804
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             34,907
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   33,184
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      7.60
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (640)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 540
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    77
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (313)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (3,815)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (332)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (3,815)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -1.26
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -29.04
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.53
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.69
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -12.74
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -850.25
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              25.07
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -167.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -2.02
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -67.97
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -29.88
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 656
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 369
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (213)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (494)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              117
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                76
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               5
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                 0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            52
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (54)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (600)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (149)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (213)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              146
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (282)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               54
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              13
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (174)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (52)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (162)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (332)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (52)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (51)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    93
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                             (44)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (99)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (152)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            173
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              690
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              172
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (121)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                134
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               518
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              341
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,467
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          2,840
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    708
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,669
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .04
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.28
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -6.53
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 18.26
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 18.53
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                         3.12
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                           9.23
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -1.08
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           1.08
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -22.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.04
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -11.50
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.18
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.08
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -15.87
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -11.26
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.18
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.17
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -15.87
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -11.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            16.98
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           14.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             15.76
Float                                                                      2.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                              1
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             12.24
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            12.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          12.33
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            12.53
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              12.43
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         12.24
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            12.43
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.43
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.91



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          11,404
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         11,787
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            24,737
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           24,932
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             25,966
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           3,611
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                             33
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          4,901
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (2,645)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (6,137)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             165
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                             674
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            2,185
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,730
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                6,068
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            9,830
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         15,807
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             16,575
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           20,349
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           6,441
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,238
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          3,792
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              5,150
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              8,161
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            4,583
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           8,158
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               6,922
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             653
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            158
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              616
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,217)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,139
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             1,663
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -135.22
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.07
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            19
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.17
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.32
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.28
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.86
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.87
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.61
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (2,852,174)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (70,629,870)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (34,681,820)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             7.13
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.66
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.73
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           264,573.90
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               321,025.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 301,672.70
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .75
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.33
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.35
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -4.87
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                3.30
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -2.92
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.04
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.00
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  78.92
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      92.47
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          71.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           39.47
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               36.84
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .58
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .36
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .67
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         32.98
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             27.76
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             49.99
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.17
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         99.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            151.04
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          89.73
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .13
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.32
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -19.17
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  3.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -19.17
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       -7.66
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -9.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                           -160.08
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -140.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -613.58
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -462.25
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -159.92
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -140.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -481.85
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -628.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         28.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -13.42
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -4.94
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -30.41
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        24,870
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             8,529
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         30,122
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (328)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,937)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (3,815)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (236)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (968)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,397)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,738)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (876)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (249)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,159)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (2,785)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                  389
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             1,503
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,001)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,168)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            719
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           238
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             953
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (639)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (2,017)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (4,124)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (547)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (328)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (313)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             30,426
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  8,804
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             34,907
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   33,184
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      7.60
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (640)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 540
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    77
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (313)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (3,815)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (332)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (3,815)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -1.26
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -29.04
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.53
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.69
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -12.74
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -850.25
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              25.07
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -167.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -2.02
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -67.97
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -29.88
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 656
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 369
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (213)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (494)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              117
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                76
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               5
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                 0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            52
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (54)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (600)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (149)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (213)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              146
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (282)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               54
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              13
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (174)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (52)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (162)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (332)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (52)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (51)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    93
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                             (44)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (99)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (152)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            173
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              690
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              172
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (121)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                134
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               518
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              341
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,467
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          2,840
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    708
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,669
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .04
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.28
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -6.53
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 18.26
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 18.53
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                         3.12
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                           9.23
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -1.08
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           1.08
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -22.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.04
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -11.50
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.18
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.08
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -15.87
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -11.26
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.18
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.17
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -15.87
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -11.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            16.98
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           14.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             15.76
Float                                                                      2.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                              1
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             12.24
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            12.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          12.33
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            12.53
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              12.43
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         12.24
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            12.43
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.43
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.91



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          11,404
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         11,787
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            24,737
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           24,932
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             25,966
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           3,611
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                             33
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          4,901
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (2,645)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (6,137)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             165
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                             674
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            2,185
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,730
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                6,068
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            9,830
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         15,807
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             16,575
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           20,349
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           6,441
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,238
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          3,792
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              5,150
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              8,161
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            4,583
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           8,158
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               6,922
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             653
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            158
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              616
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,217)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,139
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             1,663
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -135.22
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.07
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            19
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.17
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.32
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.28
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.86
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.87
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.61
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (2,852,174)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (70,629,870)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (34,681,820)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             7.13
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.66
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.73
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           264,573.90
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               321,025.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 301,672.70
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .75
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.33
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.35
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -4.87
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                3.30
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -2.92
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.04
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.00
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  78.92
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      92.47
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          71.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           39.47
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               36.84
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .58
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .36
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .67
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         32.98
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             27.76
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             49.99
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.17
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         99.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            151.04
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          89.73
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .13
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.32
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -19.17
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  3.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -19.17
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       -7.66
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -9.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                           -160.08
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -140.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -613.58
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -462.25
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -159.92
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -140.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -481.85
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -628.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         28.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -13.42
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -4.94
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -30.41
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        24,870
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             8,529
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         30,122
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (328)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,937)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (3,815)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (236)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (968)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,397)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,738)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (876)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (249)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,159)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (2,785)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                  389
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             1,503
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,001)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,168)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            719
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           238
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             953
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (639)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (2,017)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (4,124)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (547)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (328)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (313)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             30,426
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  8,804
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             34,907
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   33,184
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      7.60
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (640)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 540
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    77
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (313)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (3,815)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (332)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (3,815)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -1.26
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -29.04
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.53
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.69
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -12.74
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -850.25
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              25.07
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -167.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -2.02
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -67.97
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -29.88
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 656
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 369
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (213)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (494)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              117
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                76
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               5
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                 0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            52
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (54)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (600)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (149)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (213)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              146
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (282)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               54
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              13
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (174)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (52)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (162)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (332)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (52)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (51)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    93
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                             (44)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (99)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (152)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            173
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              690
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              172
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (121)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                134
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               518
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              341
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,467
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          2,840
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    708
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,669
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .04
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.28
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -6.53
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 18.26
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 18.53
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                         3.12
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                           9.23
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -1.08
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           1.08
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -22.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.04
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -11.50
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.18
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.08
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -15.87
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -11.26
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.18
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.17
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -15.87
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -11.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            16.98
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           14.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             15.76
Float                                                                      2.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                              1
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             12.24
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            12.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          12.33
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            12.53
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              12.43
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         12.24
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            12.43
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.43
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.91



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          11,404
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         11,787
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            24,737
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           24,932
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             25,966
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           3,611
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                             33
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          4,901
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (2,645)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (6,137)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             165
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                             674
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            2,185
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,730
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                6,068
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            9,830
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         15,807
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             16,575
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           20,349
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           6,441
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,238
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          3,792
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              5,150
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              8,161
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            4,583
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           8,158
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               6,922
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             653
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            158
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              616
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,217)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,139
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             1,663
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -135.22
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.07
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            19
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.17
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.32
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.28
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.86
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.87
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.61
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (2,852,174)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (70,629,870)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (34,681,820)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             7.13
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.66
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.73
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           264,573.90
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               321,025.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 301,672.70
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .75
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.33
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.35
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -4.87
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                3.30
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -2.92
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.04
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.00
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  78.92
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      92.47
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          71.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           39.47
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               36.84
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .58
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .36
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .67
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         32.98
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             27.76
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             49.99
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.17
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         99.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            151.04
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          89.73
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .13
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.32
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -19.17
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  3.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -19.17
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       -7.66
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -9.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                           -160.08
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -140.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -613.58
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -462.25
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -159.92
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -140.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -481.85
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -628.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         28.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -13.42
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -4.94
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -30.41
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        24,870
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             8,529
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         30,122
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (328)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,937)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (3,815)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (236)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (968)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,397)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,738)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (876)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (249)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,159)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (2,785)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                  389
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             1,503
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,001)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,168)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            719
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           238
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             953
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (639)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (2,017)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (4,124)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (547)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (328)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (313)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             30,426
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  8,804
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             34,907
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   33,184
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      7.60
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (640)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 540
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    77
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (313)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (3,815)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (332)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (3,815)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -1.26
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -29.04
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.53
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.69
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -12.74
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -850.25
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              25.07
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -167.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -2.02
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -67.97
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -29.88
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 656
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 369
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (213)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (494)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              117
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                76
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               5
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                 0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            52
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (54)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (600)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (149)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (213)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              146
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (282)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               54
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              13
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (174)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (52)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (162)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (332)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (52)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (51)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    93
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                             (44)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (99)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (152)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            173
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              690
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              172
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (121)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                134
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               518
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              341
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,467
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          2,840
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    708
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,669
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .04
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.28
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -6.53
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 18.26
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 18.53
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                         3.12
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                           9.23
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -1.08
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           1.08
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -22.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.04
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -11.50
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.18
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.08
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -15.87
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -11.26
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.18
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.17
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -15.87
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -11.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            16.98
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           14.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             15.76
Float                                                                      2.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                              1
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             12.24
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            12.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          12.33
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            12.53
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              12.43
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         12.24
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            12.43
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.43
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.91



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          11,404
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         11,787
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            24,737
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           24,932
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             25,966
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           3,611
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                             33
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          4,901
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (2,645)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (6,137)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             165
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                             674
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            2,185
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,730
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                6,068
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            9,830
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         15,807
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             16,575
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           20,349
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           6,441
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,238
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          3,792
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              5,150
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              8,161
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            4,583
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           8,158
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               6,922
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             653
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            158
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              616
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,217)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,139
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             1,663
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -135.22
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.07
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            19
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.17
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.32
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.28
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.86
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.87
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.61
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (2,852,174)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (70,629,870)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (34,681,820)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             7.13
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.66
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.73
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           264,573.90
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               321,025.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 301,672.70
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .75
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.33
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.35
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -4.87
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                3.30
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -2.92
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.04
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.00
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  78.92
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      92.47
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          71.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           39.47
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               36.84
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .58
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .36
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .67
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         32.98
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             27.76
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             49.99
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.17
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         99.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            151.04
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          89.73
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .13
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.32
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -19.17
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  3.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -19.17
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       -7.66
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -9.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                           -160.08
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -140.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -613.58
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -462.25
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -159.92
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -140.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -481.85
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -628.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         28.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -13.42
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -4.94
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -30.41
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        24,870
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             8,529
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         30,122
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (328)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,937)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (3,815)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (236)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (968)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,397)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,738)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (876)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (249)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,159)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (2,785)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                  389
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             1,503
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,001)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,168)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            719
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           238
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             953
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (639)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (2,017)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (4,124)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (547)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (328)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (313)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             30,426
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  8,804
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             34,907
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   33,184
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      7.60
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (640)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 540
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    77
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (313)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (3,815)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (332)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (3,815)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -1.26
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -29.04
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.53
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.69
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -12.74
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -850.25
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              25.07
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -167.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -2.02
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -67.97
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -29.88
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 656
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 369
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (213)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (494)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              117
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                76
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               5
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                 0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            52
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (54)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (600)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (149)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (213)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              146
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (282)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               54
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              13
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (174)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (52)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (162)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (332)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (52)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (51)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    93
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                             (44)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (99)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (152)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            173
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              690
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              172
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (121)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                134
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               518
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              341
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,467
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          2,840
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    708
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,669
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .04
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.28
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -6.53
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 18.26
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 18.53
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                         3.12
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                           9.23
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -1.08
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           1.08
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -22.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.04
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -11.50
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.18
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.08
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -15.87
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -11.26
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.18
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.17
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -15.87
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -11.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            16.98
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           14.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             15.76
Float                                                                      2.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                              1
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             12.24
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            12.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          12.33
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            12.53
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              12.43
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         12.24
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            12.43
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.43
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.91



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          11,404
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         11,787
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            24,737
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           24,932
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             25,966
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           3,611
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                             33
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          4,901
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (2,645)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (6,137)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             165
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                             674
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            2,185
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,730
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                6,068
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            9,830
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         15,807
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             16,575
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           20,349
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           6,441
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,238
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          3,792
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              5,150
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              8,161
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            4,583
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           8,158
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               6,922
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             653
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            158
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              616
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,217)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,139
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             1,663
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -135.22
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.07
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            19
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.17
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.32
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.28
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.86
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.87
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.61
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (2,852,174)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (70,629,870)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (34,681,820)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             7.13
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.66
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.73
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           264,573.90
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               321,025.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 301,672.70
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .75
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.33
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.35
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -4.87
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                3.30
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -2.92
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.04
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.00
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  78.92
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      92.47
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          71.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           39.47
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               36.84
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .58
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .36
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .67
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         32.98
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             27.76
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             49.99
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.17
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         99.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            151.04
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          89.73
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .13
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.32
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -19.17
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  3.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -19.17
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       -7.66
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -9.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                           -160.08
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -140.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -613.58
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -462.25
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -159.92
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -140.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -481.85
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -628.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         28.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -13.42
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -4.94
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -30.41
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        24,870
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             8,529
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         30,122
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (328)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,937)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (3,815)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (236)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (968)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,397)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,738)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (876)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (249)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,159)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (2,785)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                  389
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             1,503
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,001)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,168)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            719
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           238
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             953
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (639)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (2,017)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (4,124)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (547)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (328)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (313)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             30,426
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  8,804
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             34,907
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   33,184
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      7.60
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (640)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 540
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    77
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (313)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (3,815)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (332)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (3,815)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -1.26
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -29.04
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.53
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.69
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -12.74
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -850.25
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              25.07
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -167.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -2.02
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -67.97
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -29.88
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 656
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 369
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (213)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (494)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              117
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                76
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               5
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                 0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            52
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (54)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (600)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (149)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (213)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              146
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (282)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               54
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              13
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (174)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (52)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (162)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (332)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (52)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (51)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    93
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                             (44)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (99)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (152)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            173
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              690
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              172
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (121)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                134
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               518
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              341
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,467
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          2,840
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    708
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,669
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .04
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.28
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -6.53
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 18.26
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 18.53
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                         3.12
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                           9.23
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -1.08
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           1.08
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -22.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.04
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -11.50
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.18
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.08
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -15.87
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -11.26
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.18
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.17
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -15.87
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -11.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            16.98
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           14.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             15.76
Float                                                                      2.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                              1
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             12.24
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            12.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          12.33
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            12.53
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              12.43
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         12.24
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            12.43
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.43
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.91



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          11,404
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         11,787
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            24,737
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           24,932
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             25,966
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           3,611
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                             33
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          4,901
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (2,645)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          (6,137)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             165
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                             674
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            2,185
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,730
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                6,068
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            9,830
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         15,807
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             16,575
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           20,349
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           6,441
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,238
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          3,792
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              5,150
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              8,161
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            4,583
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           8,158
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               6,922
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             653
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            158
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              616
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,217)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,139
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             1,663
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -135.22
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.07
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            19
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.17
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.32
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.28
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.86
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.87
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.61
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (2,852,174)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (70,629,870)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (34,681,820)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             7.13
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.66
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.73
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           264,573.90
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               321,025.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 301,672.70
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .75
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.33
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.35
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -4.87
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                3.30
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -2.92
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.04
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.00
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  78.92
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      92.47
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          71.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           39.47
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               36.84
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .58
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .36
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .67
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         32.98
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             27.76
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             49.99
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.17
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         99.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            151.04
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          89.73
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .13
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.32
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -19.17
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  3.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -19.17
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       -7.66
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -9.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                           -160.08
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -140.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -613.58
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -462.25
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -159.92
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -140.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -481.85
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -628.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         28.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -13.42
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -4.94
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -30.41
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        24,870
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             8,529
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         30,122
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (328)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,937)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (3,815)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (236)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (968)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,397)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,738)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (876)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (249)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,159)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (2,785)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                  389
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             1,503
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,001)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,168)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            719
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           238
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             953
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (639)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (2,017)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (4,124)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (547)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (328)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (313)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             30,426
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  8,804
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             34,907
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   33,184
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      7.60
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (640)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 540
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    77
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (313)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (3,815)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (332)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (3,815)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -1.26
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -29.04
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.53
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.69
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -12.74
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -850.25
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              25.07
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -167.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -2.02
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -67.97
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -29.88
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 656
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 369
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (213)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             (494)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              117
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                76
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               5
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                 0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            52
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (54)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (600)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (149)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (213)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              146
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (282)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               54
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              13
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (174)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (52)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (162)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (332)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (52)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    92
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (51)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (162)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    93
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (332)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                             (44)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (99)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (152)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            173
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              690
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              172
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (121)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                134
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               518
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              341
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,467
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          2,840
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    708
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,669
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .04
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.28
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -6.53
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 18.26
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 18.53
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                         3.12
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                           9.23
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -1.08
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           1.08
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -22.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.04
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -11.50
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.18
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.08
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -15.87
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -11.26
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.18
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.17
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -15.87
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -11.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            16.98
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           14.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             15.76
Float                                                                      2.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                              1
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             12.24
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            12.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          12.33
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              12.43
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            12.53
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              12.43
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         12.24
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            12.43
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           12.43
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.91

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: Over The Counter
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 12,434,960
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 244
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Lazar- Levine & Co.


COUNTRY AND REGIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION


('000 USD)
                                                  08/31/200 08/31/199 05/31/200
                                                  0         9         1
Rack Distribution Sales        Operating Margin   (40,488)  (3,222)   (12,540)
                               (%)
Rack Distribution Sales        Operating Return   (72,807)  (7,178)   (6,132)
                               on Assets (%)

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                              569 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                             June 12, 2004 Saturday

Forman, 52, reality TV pioneer;
The San Clemente resident and broadcast veteran was among the first to produce
shows featuring police and fire videos.

BYLINE: By ROBIN HINCH, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 420 words


David ``Dave'' Forman, a pioneer of reality TV with shows such as ``On Scene:
Emergency Response,'' ``Fire Rescue'' and ``Special Access,'' died June 8 of
unknown causes in his San Clemente home. He was 52.

Currently owner of 4MN Productions Inc., Dave spent most of his adult life in
music, news and talk radio and television, starting as a young man watching his
uncle produce radio commercials in New York.

Dave began his career as a disc jockey and program director in New York and
moved to California after marrying his wife, Barbara, in 1974. They'd met in a
department store in Hicksville, N.Y., where Dave was a store announcer and
Barbara was a candy girl.

His first job here was as program director of KYMS radio on Bristol Street in
Santa Ana. Later, he worked for KEZY, KFWB, W/Westinghouse Broadcasting and a
number of other radio stations.

It was his own daughter's illness at age 8 months that fueled Dave's zeal for
chronicling the exploits of fire and police crews. He and Barbara called
paramedics when their baby's fever shot up to an alarming degree, and Dave was
so impressed by the paramedics' kindness and understanding, he decided to tell
the stories of their exploits.

As a result, he found himself speeding down busy streets in rescue vans with
sirens blaring and whirring over cities in Life Flight helicopters, filming all
the while. He was known by police and fire departments here and in New York, and
his shows were syndicated around the country and abroad.

And he saw some of the worst sights, from a man who laid on the railroad tracks
in the path of an oncoming train to babies in a house fire.

For his show ``Special Access,'' he went out on the streets and talked to people
about a variety of issues. Once, he stood on the side of the road with a ``Will
work for food'' sign and recorded the reactions of passers-by.

Dave was also a writer, with one self-published nonfiction book, ``Scenes of
Help,'' and a novel about terrorism in the works.

A devoted family man who was giving, loving and extremely witty, he was private
about the personal side of his life.

He'd suffered from viral pneumonia 18 months ago, but when he became sick again
in the last couple of weeks, he wouldn't let Barbara tell anyone.

In addition to his wife, he is survived by a daughter, Jaime; son, David;
mother, Helen; brother, Richard; and sister, JoAnn Reilly.

Services are scheduled for 1 p.m. today, St. Edward's Church, Dana Point.
Arrangements by O'Connor Laguna Hills Mortuary.

(714) 796-6082 or

rhinch@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obit

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Orange County Register


                              570 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 17, 1990 Thursday

U.S. says copper mine in B.C. would damage environment in   Alaska

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 645 words

DATELINE: HAINES, Alaska


Reuter and staff
  HAINES, Alaska
  A proposed huge copper mine in British Columbia will cause irreparable
damage to the environment in Alaska and should be stopped, according to
officials at the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine
Fisheries Service
   The Windy Craggy mine, proposed by Geddes Resources Ltd. of Toronto for
the sliver of northern British Columbia that lies between Alaska and the
Yukon, would irreversibly harm Alaska's environment and fisheries, no
matter what further steps the developer takes, the U.S. officials warned.

"We believe the long-term environmental degradation likely to result
from the proposed Windy Craggy mine outweighs any short-term economic
gains that may accrue," said Steve Pennoyer, Alaska regional manager for
the U.S. fisheries service.

The technology to make Windy Craggy an environmentally safe project
does not exist, he wrote in a letter to Environment Canada.

Nevin Holmberg, a Juneau-based field supervisor for the Fish and
Wildlife Service, said the open-pit mine would continue to poison rivers,
fish and wildlife long after its developer removed all the ore from the
site.

The Windy Craggy project, organized to exploit a rich copper-ore
deposit discovered in 1959, would produce 120,000 tonnes of the metal a
year for at least 20 years, Geddes officials say.

Geddes is controlled by Northgate Exploration Ltd. of Toronto and
Cominco Ltd. of Vancouver. It was formed specifically to exploit the Windy
Craggy copper reserves.

The company proposes to effectively slice the top off British
Columbia's windswept Windy Craggy Peak, then ship copper ore through the
port at Haines to Asia for smelting, Geddes president Gerald Harper said.
The finished metal would be sold on Asian markets, he said.

The proposal to develop the open-pit mine at a cost of about $500-
million calls for an access road along part of the Tatshenshini River.

In Haines, a fishing and timber town of 1,150 that is downstream from
the project site and the proposed route for ore-laden trucks travelling to
port, residents say they see few benefits in the mine.

The Windy Craggy proposal was criticized this week at Geddes' first
public meeting in Alaska, which began Monday night and lasted well into
Tuesday morning.

Mr. Harper and other Geddes officials confronted a crowd of about 200
mostly hostile Haines residents, including sign-carrying protesters
wearing animal costumes, who filled the town's high school gym for six
hours.

"I would encourage you to go home and stay away from this valley,"
resident Steve Hay said. "We don't want you here."

Peter Johnson, president of the 300-member Chilkoot Indian Association,
said his group nearly unanimously opposes the mine.

Some residents compared Geddes' promises of environmental
responsibility and safety with those made by the oil industry before it
began shipping North Slope crude through Alaska's Prince William Sound.

"Like the Exxon Valdez, they said it was very, very remote that there
would be an oil spill, but look what happened," said Vivian Menaker,
referring to the March, 1989, disaster in which millions of litres of
crude oil from a tanker fouled hundreds of kilometres of Alaska coast.

In Canada, the acting director of the U.S. transboundary division of
the External Affairs Department has told a group of environmentalists that
Geddes' plan will have to comply with the existing federal environmental
assessment review process.

In a letter to Paul George, the director of the Western Canada
Wilderness Committee, R. L. Bell of External Affairs said "Canada is
committed to its international and environmental obligations in this
pristine wilderness area."

"We also understand that the company will have to comply with an
Environmental Impact study in the U.S. for the American part of the
project," Mr. Bell said.

Environmentalist groups are also seeking a review by the Canada-U.S.
International Joint Commission.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1990 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Flight of the bumblebee decoded

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: Philadelphia


The University of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

To stay aloft, insects have to beat their wings very fast -- up to 500 times a
second in the case of mosquitoes. Exactly how they do this has long been
debated. By capturing the molecular details of wing beats in live bumblebees, a
study now argues that insect flight muscles do not work through a specialized
mechanism but exploit properties shared with vertebrate muscles1.

"It has long been known that many insects don't move their flight muscles in the
way vertebrates do," says Hiroyuki Iwamoto, a biophysicist who conducted the
work with his colleague Naoto Yagi at the Japan Synchrotron Radiation Research
Institute (or SPring-8) in Hyogo. "The big question is whether the difference is
unique to insect flight muscles or exploits a property common to all muscle
proteins."

Human muscles contract when they receive a signal from the motor nerves. This
signal causes calcium ions to be released from membranes in the muscle. The
calcium ions are captured by proteins called troponins on fibrous proteins
called actin, causing the actin filaments to rotate and expose sites where the
'head' of myosin, a motor protein, can bind.

After the head binds to actin, the myosin molecule kinks, pulling on the actin
filament to cause muscle to contract and burning energy in the process. But the
mechanism is too costly in energy and requires too rapid a pumping of calcium to
be repeated hundreds of times a second for insect flight.

Instead, "once insect flight muscles are activated by nerves, they oscillate
spontaneously," says Yale Goldman, a muscle physiologist at the University of
Pennsylvania in Philadelphia.

These self-sustained oscillations are induced by "stretch activation", in which
the force generated by each of two out-of-phase, antagonistic flight muscles
gets stronger as they are extended, pulling the wing back.

For more information please visit: http://www.upenn.edu.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                            September 9, 2011 Friday

Mel Gibson sets sights on legendary Jewish hero

BYLINE: Andrew Pulverguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 439 words

ABSTRACT

News that Mel Gibson may direct and star in a film based on the Jewish warrior
Judah Maccabee has been greeted with dismay from Jewish community leaders in the
US

FULL TEXT

In what is sure to be seen as an increasingly desperate attempt to rehabilitate
himself within the Hollywood community, it has been annouced that Mel Gibson may
direct and star in a .

Maccabee was the prime mover in the successful 167BC revolt of the Judean state
against the Seleucid empire, which had conquered the region at the beginning of
the 2nd century BC. The Jewish festival of Hanukah is a commemoration of
Maccabee's restoration of Jewish worship in the temple in Jerusalem in 165BC. In
the modern era, Maccabee became a powerful symbolic figure for Zionist
campaigners against the British authorities in the run-up to Israeli statehood
in 1948.

Gibson has dealt with such themes of legendary revolt before, notably in his
1995 hit Braveheart, which chronicled the exploits of 13th century Scots rebel
William Wallace. But Gibson's interest in Judah Maccabee has been , after , as
well as the dubious depiction of Jewish figures in his 2004 film .

Abraham Foxman, national director of the Anti-Defamation League told the
Hollywood Reporter: "Judah Maccabee deserves better ... It would be a travesty
to have his story told by one who has no respect and sensitivity for other
people's religious views." Rabbi Marvin Hier, dean of Los Angeles's Simon
Wiesenthal Center Museum of Tolerance said: "It's a complete misfit for the role
of Judah Maccabee, one of the greatest Jewish heroes in all of history to be
portrayed by someone who has shown nothing but antagonism and antisemitism
toward Jews."

Gibson has teamed with scriptwriter Joe Eszterhas, who himself has faced a
career decline since his early 90s heyday with Basic Instinct. Though not Jewish
himself, Eszterhas emigrated to the US after a childhood spent in postwar
refugee camps in central Europe, and has shown a marked interest in Jewish
themes, notably his script for the 1989 war criminal study Music Box.

Gibson's attempts to restore his former industry lustre have so far floundered.
A projected cameo in The Hangover Part II was abandoned , and his leading role
in the Jodie Foster-directed  failed to set audiences alight. His new film, How
I Spent My Summer Vacation, which he produced and starred in, has yet to secure
a US release.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 Vernon Trading

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.vernontrading.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Vernon Trading delivers forensic data analysis and custom investigation
application development solutions.  As digital forensic specialists Vernon
Trading incident responders are uniquely equipped to reconstruct a security
event and trace an exploit back to its origin. Once we've detected an incident,
exposed the exploit and payload, and identified all compromised nodes, we begin
correlating attack vector artifacts and the initial indicators of the incident.
We create a timeline using this analysis and ultimately determine where "patient
zero" resides in your enterprise, as well as the source of the compromise. The
visibility we have into host and network data once we deploy our technology
allows us to very quickly pinpoint all compromised assets. Deeper analysis of
these assets and their ongoing network communications will reveal the delivery
mechanism of the exploit, whether its email, removable media, physical access,
an external website or network services. Timeline mapping of incident artifacts
and proliferation among the identified machines will allow us to uncover
"patient zero" and confirm the original source of the compromise. This process
using our technology is much more efficient, because although we are able to
correlate log data and other enterprise intelligence, we are not reliant upon
that data to perform the above analysis.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              574 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           December 3, 2008 Wednesday

BYLINE: JENNY MICHAEL, Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 493 words


The young boy sits in what appears to be a bar, possibly a strip joint, as
adults walk around him. Suddenly, with a knock on the door, the scene around him
dissolves into his bedroom. He's sitting at a computer, and his dad is checking
in on him.

"In the digital world, kids can be anywhere," a narrator says. "Know where they
go."

The commercial is one of two television public service announcements and two
radio public service announcements being released to educate the public about
online luring of minors and what U.S. Attorney Drew Wrigley calls
"sexploitation."

Wrigley and Assistant U.S. Attorney Jennifer Puhl appeared at news conferences
in Bismarck and Fargo on Tuesday to launch the Project Safe Childhood national
public awareness campaign.

Project Safe Childhood was launched in May 2006 as a nationwide initiative
designed to protect children from online sexual exploitation and abuse. The
project directs federal, state and local resources to better locate, apprehend
and prosecute individuals who exploit children via the Internet, as well as
identify and rescue victims.

One television PSA and one radio PSA target parents and responsible adults. Like
the commercial with the boy on his computer, the radio commercial begins with a
young girl talking about chatting online with older men and sometimes pretending
she's older to get on sites.

One television PSA and one radio PSA target people seeking to exploit children
over the Internet. The two ads feature similar narrations, with the message
being that no matter what a person has done in the rest of his life, exploiting
children is a federal crime that will result in a prison sentence.

The campaign also will feature advertisements in print and movie theaters and on
the Internet.

Wrigley said Project Safe Childhood has made a difference nationwide in the
number of prosecutions related to online exploitation of children and teenagers.
Though he was prohibited from giving exact numbers by Department of Justice
policy, Wrigley said the number of prosecutions handled in North Dakota doubled
from 2007 to 2008. The crimes involved include child pornography, sexual abuse
and luring of minors.

While previously law enforcement officials going online posing as teens or
children were approached by adults within minutes and asked to meet in person
within hours, officials now often have to investigate for weeks before getting
propositioned, Wrigley said.

"That's an important spin off the efforts that have been out there," he said.

Wrigley hopes the number of prosecutions eventually will go down, meaning that
fewer adults are trying to target minors online. He said pedophiles and
"sexploiters" come from all walks of life, and part of the Project Safe
Childhood campaign aims to prevent them from exploiting children.

"This campaign is aimed directly at them," he said.

(Reach reporter Jenny Michael at 250-8225 or jenny.michael@bismarcktribune.com.)

PSAs seek to educate adults about sex crimes

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education
                               www.chronicle.com

                            January 25, 2016  Monday

Data Could Help Scholars Persuade, if Only They Were Willing to Use It

BYLINE: Paul Basken

SECTION: RESEARCH; Faculty

LENGTH: 1585  words

ABSTRACT

Companies that exploit personal information could offer a model for researchers
who seek to turn their work into meaningful policy. But many scholars are wary.


FULL TEXT

Thanks to what they've learned from university research, consultants like
Matthew Kalmans have become experts in modern political persuasion.

A co-founder of Applecart, a New York data firm, Mr. Kalmans specializes in
shaping societal attitudes by using advanced analytical techniques to discover
and exploit personal connections and friendships.

His is one of a fast-growing collection of similar companies now raising
millions of dollars, fattening businesses, and aiding political campaigns with
computerized records of Facebook exchanges, high-school yearbooks, even
neighborhood gossip. Applecart uses that data to try to persuade people on a
range of topics by finding voices they trust to deliver endorsements.

[[sidebar id="221" align="right"]] "You can use this sort of technology to get
people to purchase insurance at higher rates, get people to purchase a product,
get people to do all sorts of other things that they might otherwise not be
inclined to do," said Mr. Kalmans, a 2014 graduate of the University of
Pennsylvania.

And in building such a valuable service, he's found that the intellectual
underpinnings are often free. "We are constantly reading academic papers to get
ideas on how to do things better," Mr. Kalmans said.

That's because scholars conduct the field experiments and subsequent tests that
Mr. Kalmans needs to build and refine his models. "They do a lot of the
infrastructural work that, frankly, a lot of commercial companies don't have the
in-house expertise to do," he said of university researchers.

Yet the story of Applecart stands in contrast to the dominant attitude and
approach among university researchers themselves. Universities are full of
researchers who intensively study major global problems such as environmental
destruction and societal violence, then stop short when their conclusions point
to the need for significant change in public behavior.

Researcher Reluctance

Some in academe consider that boundary a matter of principle rather than a
systematic failure or oversight. "The one thing that we have to do is not be
political," Michael M. Crow, the usually paradigm-breaking president of Arizona
State University, said this summer at a conference on academic engagement in
public discourse. "Politics is a process that we are informing. We don't have to
be political to inform politicians or political actors."

Some influential researchers share that view. Daniel Kahneman, an emeritus
professor of psychology and public affairs at Princeton University whose study
of flaws in human judgment earned him a 2002 Nobel prize in economics, said in
an interview that researchers should scrupulously avoid politics and set a broad
definition for the term: If it's a matter "that anybody in Congress is going to
be offended by, then it's political."

But other academics contemplate that stance and see a missed opportunity to help
convert the millions of taxpayer dollars spent on research into meaningful
societal benefit. They include Dan M. Kahan, a professor of law and of
psychology at Yale University who has been trying to help Florida officials cope
with climate change.

Mr. Kahan works with the four-county Southeast Florida Regional Climate Change
Compact, which wants to redesign roads, expand public transit, and build pumping
stations to prepare for harsher weather. But Mr. Kahan says he and his Florida
partners have had trouble getting enough policy makers to seriously consider the
scale of the problem and the necessary solutions.

It's frustrating, Mr. Kahan said, to see so much university research devoted to
work inside laboratories on problems like climate, and comparatively little
spent on real-world needs such as sophisticated messaging strategies. "There
really is a kind of deficit in the research relating to actually
operationalizing the kinds of insights that people have developed from
research," he said.

[[pullquote quote="'We don't solve these problems by crawling in a hole, and
massaging a whole bunch of data.'" align="right" size="half-width"]]That deficit
appears to stem from academic culture, said Utpal M. Dholakia, a professor of
marketing at Rice University whose work involves testing people's self-control
in areas such as eating and shopping. He then draws conclusions about whether
regulations or taxes aimed at changing behaviors will be effective.

Companies find advanced personal behavioral data highly useful, said Mr.
Dholakia, who works on the side to help retailers devise sales strategies. But
his university, he said, appears more interested in seeing him publish his
findings than take the time to help policy makers make real-world use of them.
"My dean gets very worried if I don't publish a lot."

Because universities have been reluctant to push big data and analytics into
public-policy realms, it's hard to assess exactly how useful those techniques
could be - and where the ethical lines should be.

Behavioral data-crunching "absolutely" could be used to reshape entrenched
attitudes in areas of societal challenge, said Mr. Kalmans, whose company has
been working for the Republican presidential candidate John Kasich but is
seeking more work with advocacy organizations.

It's not a stretch to suggest that university researchers could become adept at
using tactics like Mr. Kalmans's, either to influence public behaviors or to
show others how to do it, said Lynda Tran, a founding partner at 270 Strategies,
a Democratic-leaning version of Applecart whose customers include the Obama
presidential campaigns. The basic components of the practice should be familiar
to many researchers, Ms. Tran said: "At its core, it's basically multivariate
regression analysis."

Whether that's worth doing is another question. In areas like global warming,
researchers have already tried "very, very hard" to influence public behavior,
said Michael B. Gerrard, a professor of professional practice at Columbia
University and director of the Sabin Center for Climate Change Law. "I don't
think most of this is susceptible to most of the sorts of solutions that are
developed in academia."

Defining What's Allowed

Even within Google, one of the giants of big data, there are conflicting views.
The company recently recruited Thomas R. Insel, longtime director of the
National Institute of Mental Health, to head a project that would apply
algorithms to data in the hope of detecting early signs of psychoses. Yet one of
the company's intellectual paragons, Vinton G. Cerf, is dubious about the broad
ability of big data to solve society's major challenges.

In the real world, people need tangible incentives to make meaningful change,
said Mr. Cerf, the web pioneer who holds the titles of vice president and chief
Internet evangelist at Google. "We don't solve these problems by crawling in a
hole, and massaging a whole bunch of data, and getting an analytic result," he
said.

Then there are matters of propriety and legality. The Republican Ted Cruz has
moved into the upper ranks of his party's crowded presidential contest with the
assistance of statisticians and behavioral psychologists who help his campaign
set personalized tones and topics for emails, phone calls, and even at-home
visits. The increasingly aggressive nature of such data collection has left
companies like Facebook and government regulators struggling to define what is
allowed, both for research purposes and for private uses.

Even stricter limits are involved when the government is legally responsible for
the messaging. The nonpartisan Government Accountability Office ruled in
December that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency had illegally sought
political support for a clean-water regulation when it asked people to post
positive comments on social media.

With those and many other potential pitfalls in mind, some data experts in
academe are urging restraint toward corporate, governmental, and political
clients. At an international cryptographic conference in December, Phillip
Rogaway, a professor of computer science at the University of California at
Davis, pleaded with his colleagues to think hard about the possible human
effects of their work before they agree to help any particular project. "The
problem occurs," Mr. Rogaway said, "when our community, as a whole,
systematically devalues utility or social worth."

But other scholars argue that society faces greater risks from scientists
abstaining while others around them rush to deploy all available technologies in
ways that aren't always positive and constructive.

Coming generations face two fundamental shifts that researchers aren't
adequately addressing, said Braden R. Allenby, a professor of engineering and
ethics at Arizona State. One is the reality that the planet is undeniably being
shaped by human activity, Mr. Allenby said. The other is that genomic sciences
are redesigning our understanding of a human life.

"So the human becomes a design space, the planet is terraformed, and the
complexity and the moral and ethical implications of those two fundamental
shifts are ones that we haven't begun to deal with," Mr. Allenby said. "Not in
universities, certainly not in government, and not in granting organizations."

Paul Basken covers university research and its intersection with government
policy. He can be found on Twitter @pbasken, or reached by email at
paul.basken@chronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Temporary signs go up in Broward County, Fla., when streets become
waterways during seasonal "king tides." The Southeast Florida Regional Climate
Change Compact, a policy effort developed by four counties, has enlisted the
help of Dan Kahan, a Yale professor who is both a psychologist and a lawyer.
Paul Krashefski
Is University Research Missing What Matters Most? 3

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                            September 2, 2012 Sunday

Europe must act strongly to tackle crisis, says OECD

BYLINE: Reuters(Reuters)

LENGTH: 418 words


JACKSON HOLE (Wyoming): Backing bond market intervention by the European Central
Bank, the OECD said on Friday that Europe must seize a "window of opportunity"
offered by the relative recent calm of financial markets to tackle the simmering
euro zone debt crisis.


"I think it is now time that the European authorities push strongly toward a
solution," said Pier Carlo Padoan, chief economist of the Paris-based
Organisation of Economic Cooperation and Development.
The OECD represents a respected outside voice on how best to tackle the 2-year
crisis, and his comments come just days before the ECB meets to weigh
controversial bond market purchases.
Padoan said the OECD had been braced for a very rocky August for euro zone
financial markets, particularly for Spanish and Italian bonds, but this
volatility had not emerged and stock markets were in fact now stronger.
'Time to exploit'
"It is time to exploit what seems to be a credit-opening from markets on the
European situation, so it is very important that authorities exploit this window
of opportunity," he told Reuters in an interview.
Padoan, speaking on the sidelines of the annual Jackson Hole policy retreat
hosted by the Kansas City Fed, also made clear his support for bond-market
buying by the European Central Bank.
With less than a week to go before the ECB could decide to intervene directly to
prop up Spanish and Italian bond markets, Padoan said he did not believe the
wide bond spreads of weaker southern European nations reflected economic
fundamentals, but rather the fear that the euro zone could break up.
"If that is correct, then the response to that spread has to deal with
reassuring markets that the euro zone will not break up, in addition to the fact
that those countries must continue with their structural adjustments," he said.

"So intervening in bond markets, it is a very important temporary backstop to a
wider strategy," he said. "If the ECB comes up with proposals that provide
concrete content to the ideas about support of bond markets, that would be
extremely important."
The ECB meets on Sept. 6 to review a plan to buy Italian and Spanish bonds in
order to win breathing space for euro zone leaders to figure out a longer-term
response to the euro zone's sovereign debt woes.
The plan has met stiff opposition from Germany's Bundesbank, whose president,
Jens Weidmann, was also attending the conference.
(Follow timesofoman.com on Facebook and on Twitter for updates that you can
share with your friends.)

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2012 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                      October 2, 2014 Thursday 5:49 PM GMT

Watch: Hapless thief tries to steal from car parked outside training course for
bouncers;
But how does this bungling crook from Manchester compare to our own selection of
hapless homegrown crims?

BYLINE: By Chris Glynn-Jones

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 179 words


Hapless thief tries to steal from car parked outside training course for
bouncers

A hapless crook tried to steal from a car parked outside a training session for
bouncers - who arrested him within seconds.

Our friends at the Manchester Evening News uncovered the story of how ten
trainee doormen were learning how to detain troublemakers using handcuffs at The
Training Hub on Store Street, Manchester city centre, when dim-witted Nathan
Webb slid inside the unlocked Vauxhall Astra in a bid to swipe its sat-nav.

Unfortunately for Webb, the car belonged to a member of staff at the centre,
Danny Rose, who saw what was happening from inside the building.

Back in Wales we take a look back at the sorry tales of 13 criminals whose
exploits are so dim-witted it's surprising they ever managed to keep themselves
breathing long enough to commit any crime.

Click through the pictures below to reveal some of the baffling and bungling
exploits of Wales' finest would-be 'master criminals'.

13 Welsh criminals who make Homer Simpson look like Albert Einstein

Read more on Crime in Wales

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Asharq Alawsat (English)

                            November 6, 2012 Tuesday

The new Jordan

LENGTH: 660 words


By Hussein Shabokshi

If you followed news websites in Jordan closely, and monitored some social
networking websites, you would definitely think that a civil war or a military
coup was about to erupt in the country. In fact, this is just the direct
consequence of deliberate exaggerations and attempts to make the state of
affairs seem tenser than it actually is.
Jordan is a unique country, young in age but deeply rooted in history. It is an
oasis of stability in the midst of an ocean of violent variables. Jordan is
striving to grow, develop and improve its conditions; it is a state with limited
potential and modest resources but endless ambitions. Yet Jordan's neighbors are
seeking to exploit it, and their greed is endless, changeable and renewable with
the passing of time. Iraq has sought to exploit it, as has Syria, and of course
there is also the ever-present enemy Israel, with its intention to seize control
of Jordan and then expanding further beyond.

Given Israel's constant provocations about Jordan becoming an alternative
homeland for the Palestinians, the regional wars waged by Iraq under Saddam
Hussein against Iran and Kuwait and their consequences, and likewise the covert
Syrian war fought in Lebanon against the Lebanese and the Palestinians, it was
expected that all this would have a massive impact on Jordan and its people.
Yet, Jordan has continued to be an oasis of stability in a flammable part of the
world. It has showed a keen interest in education at various levels, and now a
graduate of a Jordanian university is a source of confidence and proficiency,
with a solid "grounding" to effectively enter the labor market. It is not
strange that now we see hundreds of students from across the world studying at
the schools, institutes and universities of Jordan, in various fields and
specialties.

Education is only one area in which Jordan has achieved distinction. The country
has also gradually transformed into a prominent center for healthcare, medical
research and advancement. Jordan has excelled in sensitive and complicated
medical areas such as heart and kidney diseases, tumors and fertility, and is
now a real hub for specialists, with international cooperation from world-class
medical centers.

Most recently, Jordan has become a new center for the information, technology
and software industry; the so-called "Arab Silicon Valley". There are numerous
success stories in this area, and Jordan now serves as the creative and
electronic workshop for Arab and international companies seeking Arabic-language
support for their products.

These results and achievements now reflect on the character of the new Jordanian
citizen, who is self-confident, patriotic and proud (this has even been
reflected in promising results achieved by the Jordanian national football
team). The country can no longer be classified as a mere neighbor of Iraq,
Israel and Syria.

Despite all this, there are still fluctuations in the Jordanian government's
stability. The state has a high rate of prime minister turnovers and a large
number sit-ins and protests (with no deaths or injuries reported), and there is
still a deep sense of anger among its citizens. There are radical extremists who
have invaded Jordan and are now inciting the masses, and there are others who
are promoting discontent under the pretext of fighting corruption, or for other
reasons. Yet, generally speaking, the Jordanian state of affairs is better than
the situation in other states. The true extent of the demands there is utterly
reasonable, but exaggerations always cause tension.

I'm writing these lines from Jordan. I see it as a stable and a promising state
that, like any other state, has problems. However, the people must reasonable
and positive before making their demands. Jordan is a state with a historic past
and a volatile present, yet it is gambling on its future. The sincere and honest
are planning a new Jordan, and this is what everyone is waiting for.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 425


                 Copyright 2012 Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                         February 25, 1991, Monday, ME2

Physicists and economists seek new economics

BYLINE: Reuter

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 743 words


   NEW YORK (Reuter) - When Wall Street traders, Nobel laureates in physics,
experts on artificial life and ponytailed computer whiz-kids meet in a
convent-turned-conference hall in Santa Fe, New Mexico, what do they talk about?

Subjects like chaos, neural nets, entropy and genetic algorithms that are
already affecting trading in world financial markets.

Recently, a group of 70 of the top U.S. physicists, high-tech traders and
investment bankers met at the Santa Fe Institute, a private think tank devoted
to arcane science projects, to explore the future of trading.

Emissaries from such firms as Goldman Sachs & Co., Salomon Bros. Inc. and
Citicorp flew from London and New York to sniff around. Their goal: To be able
to teach computers to better profit from trading patterns in financial markets
that often seem random.

Computers are already being used on Wall Street to exploit minute price
differences. But the techniques discussed at Santa Fe, conference participants
said in phone interviews, would meld scientific, statistical and mathematical
disciplines to create new, more powerful tools.

"Experts on nonlinear dynamics and neural nets are sharing ideas with people
from Wall Street," said Salomon Bros. vice-president Joe Mezrich. "It's very
interesting."

One of the trendy and secretive projects on Wall Street, neural nets, are
networks of parallel computing units based loosely on neurobiological examples
that can perform tasks such as memory, association and pattern recognition.

"Neural nets provide tools to exploit structure in data," said Norman Packard,
professor at the University of Illinois. "It's one of a whole class of new tools
the financial community is exploring to replace traditional tools such as
(linear) autoregression and factor analysis."

Nonlinear dynamics is another tool that can be used rather than traditional
analytical techniques to better explain apparently random data.

"You hear rumors about banks working on (trading systems based on) neural nets,"
said Nick Idelson, manager of quantitative trading at Midland Montagu of London.

"I wouldn't say neural networks are similar to human brains yet, but they're
very good at fitting nonlinear systems." Idelson's group is involved in options
and currencies trading.

Also discussed at the meeting were chaos theories, which claim that apparently
random data may have certain predictable short-term structures.

"Chaos implies long-term unpredictability and short-term predicability," said
Packard.

Short-term predictability would allow Wall Street to more efficiently exploit
minute price differentials in the fast-moving markets where stocks, bonds and
other instruments - from currencies to oil to stock index futures - are traded.

But one New York banker said the meeting was a subtle combination of
intellectual fraternity and industrial espionage. "We're pretty careful here,"
he said.

"I wouldn't say we share everything, but the meeting seems to be working
reasonably well," said Midland's Idelson.

A self-styled research centre situated amid Indian reservations, the Sante Fe
Institute was started four years ago partly due to the efforts of Citicorp
chairman John Reed, with the hope that physicists and economists would find
better models for the world's economies.

Reed was said to be angry at economists for failing to build models to predict
the huge Latin America debt crisis, which has cost Citicorp and other banks
billions of dollars.

The creation of the institute was an unusual example of physicists and
economists co-operating with each other.

"Physicists were surprised to find that economists know so much about
mathmatics," said one person familiar with the organization.

The institute boasts the active involvement of four Nobel laureates, including
Philip Anderson, a Princeton University professor, who won a Nobel prize for
condensed matter physics.

The research is far from theoretical.

Frontier Financial Corp., based in Houston, is trying to sell technology based
on neural networks that can predict short-term movements in financial markets,
conference participants said.

Frontier has spent $8 million developing software for clients that include banks
and financial insitutions in Europe and Japan, according to Ed Bosarge,
Frontier's chief executive. But he declined to specify the clients or describe
in detail Frontier's projects.economy; science; research

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              580 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 22, 2006 Friday

Slaton a backfield leader for Mountaineers: RB's early-season exploits have made
him a Heisman hopeful

BYLINE: Mandy Schulz, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 567 words


Sep. 22--MORGANTOWN, W.Va. -- ECU football fans should be hoping that West
Virginia tailback Steve Slaton isn't listening to Jay-Z before the two teams
meet up in Greenville on Saturday.

The last time the sophomore did that, he rushed for 195 yards and two touchdowns
as the Mountaineers crushed Maryland 45-24 on ESPN on Sept. 14

Then again, Slaton had extra motivation. Terrapins coach Ralph Friedgen withdrew
a scholarship offer from the Levittown, Pa., native, which sent Slaton to play
for Mountaineers coach Rich Rodriguez.

Rodriguez's program was a perfect fit because of WVU's spread-option offense.
Some programs didn't think Slaton was big enough to play in the backfield,
Slaton said, but Rodriguez gave him a shot.

"I think my heart is at running back and I've always had a feel for running
back," Slaton said.

Now Slaton, who was the Big East's 2005 rookie of the year as a true freshman,
finally gets to face the Pirates (1-2, 1-1 Conference USA). Slaton did not play
in last year's contest that saw West Virginia edge ECU, 20-15 in Morgantown,
W.Va.

The 5-foot-10 inch, 190-pound tailback said he was itching for playing time but
Pernell Williams got the call.

"I felt that I could contribute," Slaton said. "  ...  I just wanted to go out
there and contribute last year."

He has donated plenty to the Mountaineers' offense this season.

Slaton leads the way with 503 rushing yards and six touchdowns in three games.
His early-season exploits have him being mentioned as a Heisman Trophy
candidate. He also has agile quarterback Patrick White by his side; White has
rushed for 155 yards and one touchdown, while passing for 259 yards and three
scores.

White picked up an unnecessary roughness call in the Mountaineers' win over
Maryland, which Slaton said made him proud because it proved the Mountaineers'
backfield is tough -- including the quarterback.

"I feel that he's a big part of our offense, too," White said.

With the Mountaineers' spread offense, Slaton is afforded the opportunity to
face defenders in a one-on-one situation, which, given Slaton's talent, puts
defenders at an extreme disadvantage.

After watching the Pirates' game film, Slaton is studying areas that he can
exploit -- and he thinks he's found one.

"I think their team speed, that'll be to our advantage," Slaton said of the
Pirates' defense. "Hopefully, I'm going to work on my game to do things other
people can't do."

With the Mountaineers considered a possible contender for the national title,
Slaton said he tries not to think about the BCS and all the factors that go
along with it.

"I don't think it's hard at all because during the week  ...  that's all we
worry about is just the one team," Slaton said.

The Mountaineers' schedule has drawn some skepticism with only one game against
a current nationally ranked team -- a Nov. 2 contest at No. 8 Louisville. Even
so, Slaton said his team made a statement against the Terrapins and will
continue to do so as the season rolls on.

"At the end of the season, we'll show them," Slaton said.

Mandy Schulz can be reached at (252) 635-5651 or at aschulz@freedomenc.com.

Copyright (c) 2006, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060922-NS-0922-Slaton-a-backfield-leader-for-Mountaineers

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2006 Sun Journal


                              581 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     January 1, 2014 Wednesday 7:02 PM GMT

Up to a quarter of a million Irish people could be hit after Snapchat hack;
Social media app has had some of the phone numbers of its users published online

BYLINE: By Colin Brennan

SECTION: NEWS,IRISH NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words


Up to quarter of a million Irish people could be  hit after Snapchat was hacked,
it has emerged.

11% of the population of Ireland use snapchat and have been warned that their
details may have been put online.

The statement from the hackers said: "This information was acquired through the
recently patched Snapchat exploit and is being shared with the public to raise
awareness on the issue.

"The company was too reluctant at patching the exploit until they knew it was
too late and companies that we trust with our information should be more careful
when dealing with it. For now, we have censored the last two digits of the phone
numbers in order to minimise spam and abuse."

The published phone numbers do not include the last two digits.

Up to 4.6 million people across the globe are affected by the hacking.

In a statemen, hackers SnapchatDB said it is making the data available in an
effort to convince the messaging app to beef up its security. We've also reached
out to Snapchat.

It added: "Our motivation behind the release was to raise the public awareness
around the issue, and also put public pressure on Snapchat to get this exploit
fixed.

"It is understandable that tech startups have limited resources but security and
privacy should not be a secondary goal. Security matters as much as user
experience does."

The app was named yesterday as among the most downloaded apps of the year
alongside Vine and Candy Crush Saga.

While old favorites such as Instagram, Facebook and Twitter continued to be
popular, Snapchat eclipsed them in downloads in 2013.

It became the sixth most downloaded free app of the year on the App Store,
according to Apple.

Craig Palli, chief strategy officer at Fiksu, said: "Snapchat went from being a
niche app to achieving much more critical mass, so much so that Facebook was
reportedly willing to spend billions of dollars to acquire the company."

With Snapchat, users can send photos and videos that disappear shortly after
they are viewed.

Launched in 2011, the app's user base continued to grow rapidly in 2013, with
over 13 million people using the app in October.

In December alone, over 400 million pieces of content were shared through the
app, according to Snapchat, based in Venice, CA.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

US Patent granted to QUALCOMM Incorporated (California) on January 20 titled as
"Layered encoded bitstream structure"

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,938,009, on
January 20, 2015, to QUALCOMM Incorporated (California), titled as "Layered
encoded bitstream structure"

Inventors:  Ye; Yan (San Diego, CA), Karczewicz; Marta (San Diego, CA), Panchal;
Rahul (San Diego, CA)
Assignee:  QUALCOMM Incorporated (San Diego, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "This
disclosure describes techniques for generating a layered encoded bitstream
structure that exploits correlation in header information among video blocks of
a coded unit of video data. A video encoder configured to operate in accordance
with the techniques of this disclosure separates header information of the video
blocks of a slice (or other coded unit) from the residual information of the
video blocks of the slice. The video encoder run-length encodes the header
information of the video blocks to better exploit the correlation of the header
information among the blocks of the slice. After encoding the header information
of the blocks of the slice, the video encoder encodes the residual information
for each of the blocks of the slice. The video encoder transmits the encoded
header information as a first sequence of bits and transmits the encoded
residual information as second sequence of bits."

The patent was filed on July 8, 2008 Application no. 12/169,451

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2015 Tuesday

US Patent granted to QUALCOMM Incorporated (California) on January 20, titled as
"Layered encoded bitstream structure"

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,938,009, on
January 20, 2015, to QUALCOMM Incorporated (California), titled as "Layered
encoded bitstream structure"

Inventors:  Ye; Yan (San Diego, CA), Karczewicz; Marta (San Diego, CA), Panchal;
Rahul (San Diego, CA)
Assignee:  QUALCOMM Incorporated (San Diego, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "This
disclosure describes techniques for generating a layered encoded bitstream
structure that exploits correlation in header information among video blocks of
a coded unit of video data. A video encoder configured to operate in accordance
with the techniques of this disclosure separates header information of the video
blocks of a slice (or other coded unit) from the residual information of the
video blocks of the slice. The video encoder run-length encodes the header
information of the video blocks to better exploit the correlation of the header
information among the blocks of the slice. After encoding the header information
of the blocks of the slice, the video encoder encodes the residual information
for each of the blocks of the slice. The video encoder transmits the encoded
header information as a first sequence of bits and transmits the encoded
residual information as second sequence of bits."

The patent was filed on July 8, 2008 Application no. 12/169,451

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

USPTO Published Patent application of Dell Products, LP titled as "System and
Method for Incorporating Quality-of-Service and Reputation in an Intrusion
Detection and Prevention System"

LENGTH: 238  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140007217, published on January 02, 2014, by Dell Products, LP, titled as
"System and Method for Incorporating Quality-of-Service and Reputation in an
Intrusion Detection and Prevention System" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Thomas; Ashley; (Atlanta, GA)
Assignee: Dell Products, LP
Round Rock
TX

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
intrusion prevention system includes a processor, processing engines, buffers
that are associated with a different range of reputation scores, and a storage
device having a database and an application. The processor executes the
application to determine that a firewall has admitted a packet, determine a
reputation score for the packet from the database, provide the packet to a
buffer that has a reputation score range that includes the reputation score of
the packet, provide the packet from the buffer to a processing engine, process
the packet by in the processing engine to determine if the packet includes an
exploit, and forward the packet to the protected network if the first packet
does not include the exploit."

The Patent was filed on August 28, 2013 under application No. 20140007217

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 1, 2013 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of DELL PRODUCTS, LP titled as "System and
Method for Incorporating Quality-of-Service and Reputation in an Intrusion
Detection and Prevention System"

LENGTH: 236 words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130139245, on May 30, 2013, by DELL PRODUCTS, LP, titled as "System and Method
for Incorporating Quality-of-Service and Reputation in an Intrusion Detection
and Prevention System" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Thomas; Ashley; (Atlanta, GA)
Assignee:  DELL PRODUCTS, LP
Round Rock
TX

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
intrusion prevention system includes a processor, processing engines, buffers
that are associated with a different range of reputation scores, and a storage
device having a database and an application. The processor executes the
application to determine that a firewall has admitted a packet, determine a
reputation score for the packet from the database, provide the packet to a
buffer that has a reputation score range that includes the reputation score of
the packet, provide the packet from the buffer to a processing engine, process
the packet by in the processing engine to determine if the packet includes an
exploit, and forward the packet to the protected network if the first packet
does not include the exploit."

The Patent was filed on November 28, 2011 under application No. 20130139245

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Camden County, New Jersey, Man Arraigned On Child Pornography,
Sexual Exploitation Charges

LENGTH: 516  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A Camden County, New Jersey, man was arraigned today on an indictment returned
last week by a federal grand jury in Camden for allegedly possessing and
distributing images of child sex abuse and also for conspiring to sexually
exploit two minor children, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.





 Alexander Capasso, 42, of Collingswood, New Jersey, appeared before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Karen M. Williams and was detained without bail.



 According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:



 Capasso was originally charged by complaint in July 2015 by the Washington,
D.C., U.S. Attorney's Office with receiving and distributing images of child
pornography after having sent several images of child pornography to an
undercover law enforcement officer. The case was transferred to the District of
New Jersey by the filing of a complaint in November 2015. The indictment
returned last week charges one count of conspiracy to sexually exploit two minor
children, five counts of distribution of images of child pornography and one
count of possession of additional images of child pornography. Capasso has been
held in federal custody since his July 20, 2015 arrest.



 In July 2015, Capasso answered an ad placed by an undercover officer and began
a series of communications by which Capasso sought sexually explicit images of
children from the officer and sent images containing child pornographic images
to the officer. As a result of the communications, federal agents obtained a
search warrant for Capasso's home and seized various electronic media containing
numerous additional images and videos of child sexual abuse. Included among
those images were photographs and videos of two minor children manufactured by
Capasso and his ex-girlfriend in southern New Jersey.



 The count of conspiracy to sexually exploit children carries a mandatory
minimum penalty of 15 years in prison, a maximum potential penalty of 30 years
in prison and a $250,000 fine.  The distribution of child pornography counts
each carry a mandatory minimum penalty of five years in prison, a maximum
possible penalty of 20 years in prison and fine of $250,000 per count. The count
of possession of child pornography carries a maximum penalty of 10 years in
prison and a $250,000.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, Philadelphia
Division, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge William Sweeney, and
the Washington, D.C., Field Office, under the direction of Assistant Director in
Charge Paul M. Abbate, with the investigation leading to the charges.



 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Diana Carrig of the
U.S. Attorney's Office in Camden.



 The charges and allegations contained in the indictment are merely accusations,
and the defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.



 Defense counsel: Gilbert J. Scutti Esq., Voorhees, New Jersey



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           February 7, 2015 Saturday

@HD New opinion Head 48;Digital economy is boosting inequality, not helping the
poor

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 1043 words


Andrew White

Special To #124The Washington Post

Nottingham, England

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;

@BT New Screen Text Drop opinion;When we think about income and wealth
inequalities, we are tempted to lay blame on the old way of doing things. In
"Capital in the Twenty-First Century", Thomas Piketty picks out inherited money
as a driver of unsustainable disparities between the global rich and poor. Oxfam
recently pinpointed the high-profit finance and pharmaceutical industries as
engines of inequality that distribute wealth to the wealthy.

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;This view is consistent with those who
place their faith in the digital economy as some kind of solution. It is held up
as an alternative to traditional forms of economic activity, and one which can
generate sustainable growth and narrow inequality. Lower barriers of entry into
its markets ("anyone can start a business on the Internet!") is said to widen
opportunities and lead to a more equitable distribution of wealth.

It is for this reason that many politicians and academics continue to advocate
the aggressive expansion of the digital economy, especially into areas which
have not witnessed much of this type of economic activity. Sadly, it's not quite
as simple as that.

The expansion of the digital economy has gone hand-in-hand with the growth of
the creative industries. Britain's pioneering development of policy on the
creative industries in the late 1990s was predicated partly on the desire to
exploit the intellectual property generated by burgeoning digital technology.
That applied particularly to those single operators and small businesses that
proliferated in the cultural and creative sectors.

@New Subhead;Millions still off-line in #124developing nations

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Similar policies have been used in
countries at varying levels of development in the early years of the 21st
century. Look at the United Nations' enthusiastic promotion of the creative
economy, and its suggestion that these kind of structural reforms could work in
both the developed world and in emerging markets. This explains why much
research on developmental economics focuses on narrowing the so-called digital
divide in order to give more equal access to a global economic system which
promises prosperity for all.

But what if the problem is the digital economy itself rather than our incapacity
to fully exploit the opportunities it seemingly presents? The first chapter of
Michael Lewis' book "Flash Boys" opens with a story about construction workers
on a project to lay a tunnel for fibre-optic cables as straight as they possibly
could, even if this involved digging through mountains or river beds. The
reason; to connect financial exchanges in New York and Chicago by the shortest
possible route and give the operators a crucial few milliseconds advantage when
processing transactions.

A huge amount of money is required to carry out such projects, and to buy the
supercomputers that can manipulate the data and run the trading programs. It
starts to look like a rigged game, and it is difficult to see how a digital
economy in which financial speculation is so prominent can reduce inequality.

There are undoubtedly other sectors of the digital economy where lower barriers
of entry do encourage smaller operators. The early development of search engines
and social networking were characterised by experimentation by single operators
or small groups of people, sometimes students, at home or at university. This
pioneering image of isolated entrepreneurs developing great companies from
scratch goes hand-in-hand with radical sounding rhetoric about taking on vested
interests.

@New Subhead;Cutting out the middleman?

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;In this worldview, cutting out the
middleman, a superfluous type of employee who will not move with the times, is
seen as a demonstrably good thing. Thus, taxi drivers who complain about having
their business taken away by Uber are often described as inflexible and prone to
over-charging. But the middleman has not disappeared in the digital economy;
they have just got richer.

Think of the music industry. Online stores have resulted in the loss of many
jobs as a result of physical record stores closing down. However, our changing
habits have not cut out the middleman. We buy most of our music from
intermediaries, such as Apple. Even record labels, seemingly superfluous to the
online music industry, continue to flourish.

In other words, while the poorer middlemen â[#x20ac]" record store assistants,
or taxi drivers â[#x20ac]" have been ruthlessly squeezed, wealthier
intermediaries continue to prosper. Even the supposedly lower barriers to entry
in these industries have not prevented monopolies emerging in online markets in
a way that is not as prominent in markets offline.

It would be easy to finish this piece with a long list of proposed solutions to
these inequities. But what is really needed is the necessary intellectual work
of convincing wider society that the digital economy does indeed pose problems.
This is not helped by the sense that higher education, one of the best placed
sectors to lead this debate, is not always up to this task.

While the views that are expressed in this article are shared by many in this
sector, it is often difficult to seek institutional support for research in this
area in Britain when the coalition government's policy of requiring
humanities-based schools and departments to be financially self-sustaining has
driven many of them into the arms of big business or into partnership with STEM
(Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) colleagues who might not be
as interested in a critical examination of the foundations of the digital
economy.

Many of these solutions involve digital technology, with big data being the
latest whose application promises to address various social and economic woes.
How welcome it would be if funding bodies could also increase the number of
schemes which ask why the rapid growth of the digital economy over the past two
decades has failed both to reduce inequality and save us from the most severe
financial crisis since the 1930s.

Andrew White is an associate professor at the University of Nottingham.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 8, 2013 Friday

Movie Review: '12 Years a Slave'

BYLINE: BY GEORGE LANG

SECTION:

LENGTH: 526 words


Director Steve McQueen's â??12 Years a Slaveâ? achieves its brutal brilliance
because it will not give viewers an easy out, a chance to avert their eyes from
one man's suffering at the hands of a nation's greatest moral failure.

This story comes from a first-person account of the horrors of human trafficking
and subjugation. Solomon Northup's 1853 memoir â??Twelve Years a Slaveâ? was
published just months after Harriet Beecher Stowe's â??Uncle Tom's Cabin,â? and
the two books played crucial roles in building a case against slavery. It was
not a story emanating from the relative comfort of a post-Emancipation world â?"
when Northup wrote his memoir, the country was still a dozen years away from
freeing slaves in the South, and it proved that even freedmen in the North were
endangered by the system.

McQueen preserves the immediacy and hopelessness of Northup's situation. In
1840, Northup (Chiwetel Ejiofor) was an educated freedman living in upstate New
York, working as both a skilled carpenter and a classically trained violinist
when he was approached about performing a few shows in Washington, D.C., with a
traveling circus. After his performances, Northup was drugged, tortured and then
transported to New Orleans, where he was sold at a slave auction.

Initially, Northup was treated with a measure of noblesse oblige by his first
owner, William Ford (Benedict Cumberbatch), but a series of further injustices
results in Northup being sold to Edwin Epps (Michael Fassbender), a sadist who
exploits the slavery system on all levels. Epps metes out horrific punishments
for his own entertainment and sexually exploits young slave Patsey (Lupita
Nyong'o) while his beleaguered wife (Sarah Paulson) seethes in the background.

Under Epps' ownership, Northup is made a â??driver,â? a slave overseeing the
fieldwork and forced to punish those under him for stepping out of line. It is
this emotional component of â??12 Years a Slaveâ? that is most sickeningly
resonant: By making Northup involved in his systematic torture of the men and
women on his property, Epps tightens his grip on a man who intimidates him
intellectually.

Ejiofor's performance projects the endless frustration of a man separated from
his beloved family by criminals and kept far from rescue with no one to vouch
for his identity and free status. In â??12 Years a Slave,â? there is no
Emancipation Proclamation being prepared to spirit Northup away from his
captors, and his eventual freedom never feels certain. Ejiofor wears this
sadness and sharp pain throughout the film.

While Ejiofor's performance is the obvious centerpiece, there are superb
performances throughout, including Fassbender as a personification of corrupting
evil and Tulsa-born Alfre Woodard as Mistress Harriet Shaw, a former slave who
is able to rise out of the fields and into a life of relative privilege.

As with his previous films, â??Hungerâ? and â??Shame,â? British director McQueen
dives deep into his story. There are no safe distances in â??12 Years a Slaveâ?
â?" it is a film suffused with overwhelming sadness over unjustly spilled blood
and the horror of families divided without thought or concern.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 31, 2003 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

THREATS AND RESPONSES: THE POLITICAL CONTEXT;
9/11 Will Echo in Campaign, but How Loudly?

BYLINE:  By ADAM NAGOURNEY and PHILIP SHENON

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1068 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 30


A summer meeting of Republican leaders in New York last week featured not one
but two welcoming speeches by Rudolph W. Giuliani. Those appearances by the
symbol of the city's response to the World Trade Center attack were another
reminder of one big reason the White House chose New York as the place where
President Bush is to be nominated for re-election next year.

But as Mr. Giuliani, in a preview of the party's 2004 convention, led the
Republicans in lauding Mr. Bush's leadership after Sept. 11, a different message
about terrorism and the presidential election campaign was being sent by Tom
Ridge, the homeland security secretary.

Mr. Ridge said that after talking to Mr. Bush, he had decided to refrain from
any political activity. It would be inappropriate, he said, for the cabinet
officer so closely identified with the fight against terrorism to step onto the
campaign field.

Those somewhat divergent messages illustrate the challenge facing the White
House as it calculates how to find the balance between embracing an event that
Mr. Bush's advisers view as central to his re-election, while appearing not to
exploit it.

To what extent is it appropriate for the imagery of Sept. 11 to be incorporated
into the political appeals of Mr. Bush and his Democratic opponent? Is there a
risk that voters will recoil at a perception that a candidate is stage-managing
tragedy for political gain, particularly with each side already accusing the
other of doing precisely that?

The decision by Mr. Ridge, former governor of Pennsylvania and a close friend of
Mr. Bush, not to raise money or appear at presidential or Congressional campaign
events was just the latest apparent sign of rising White House sensitivity to
Democratic criticism that the president is writing some of the turmoil on the
world stage into his re-election script.

In another such sign, Republican leaders who were interviewed used almost
identical turns of phrase in maintaining that the decision to hold the
Republican National Convention in New York for the first time was a testimony to
the city's diversity. The reason, they said, was not that Madison Square Garden,
the site of the gathering, is barely two miles from ground zero.

"I think that 9/11 is something that is part of our fabric, part of our being --
it's nothing that one exploits," said Ann Wagner, Republican national
co-chairwoman. "And it certainly is not a factor in our coming here, other than
the fact of us wanting to be part of the recovery."

Mr. Bush is hardly alone in having to deal with the issue. Advisers to the
Democratic presidential candidates say he cannot be defeated unless their party
succeeds in at least partly severing his identification with a strong national
response to the attacks. Those candidates have begun trying to do so.

Senator Bob Graham of Florida, former chairman of the Senate Intelligence
Committee, was among the authors of a Congressional report issued last week that
faulted the F.B.I. and the C.I.A. for missing warning signs of terrorist
planning for the attacks. That criticism echoed what Mr. Graham has made the
centerpiece of his presidential campaign.

Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts, posing with firefighters in the Bronx,
declared that "when it comes to protecting America from terrorism, this
administration is big on bluster and short on action."

In a public letter to Mr. Ridge, Senator Joseph I. Lieberman of Connecticut said
the administration was "dangerously underfunding the war on terrorism here at
home."

Senator John Edwards of North Carolina has delivered speeches warning that
because of lapses in intelligence procedures, the nation is at risk of another
terrorist attack.

Stanley Greenberg, a Democratic pollster, said he did not believe there was much
risk in campaigns' aggressively invoking Sept. 11, since, he suggested, most
voters will perceive references to it as sincere.

"I think there will never be a backlash," Mr. Greenberg said. "The country will
resist politics coming into it. They'll just block it out. It's very special
with Americans."

Of Mr. Bush and the White House, Mr. Greenberg said: "Now, can they go too far?
I don't know. But I think people are thankful to him for what he did on 9/11.
He's got a lot of room on that."

For his part, Mr. Ridge said in an interview that the decision to sit out the
campaign was one that Mr. Bush strongly endorsed. He noted that the other
cabinet officers most intimately involved in national security matters --
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and
Attorney General John Ashcroft -- were all going to refrain from active
campaigning.

"This is the right decision for the right reasons," Mr. Ridge said. "I get a lot
of invitations from congressmen to do political things, and I tell them, 'I
don't think it's appropriate.' I've been asked to do fund-raisers, and I've
said, 'I just don't think I should.' "

In this environment, the White House is showing imagination in finding ways to
invoke the Sept. 11 attacks. In a briefing for Republican leaders, Mr. Bush's
campaign manager, Ken Mehlman, cited the attacks as a main cause of economic
weakness, which could threaten the president's re-election. (At his Rose Garden
news conference this morning, Mr. Bush, too, pointed to the attacks as a weight
on the economy.)

"These attacks," Mr. Mehlman said, "worsened the recession. Airlines were
grounded for days. Millions canceled travel plans. New construction came to a
halt, as builders feared lawsuits in the event of an attack. Financial markets
were devastated. And the costs of cleanup ran into the billions."

The presidential candidates are not the first to confront the question of Sept.
11 as a political issue. The attack on the World Trade Center occurred on what
was supposed to be the day of the New York Democratic mayoral primary. The
primary was postponed, and after a week of silence, the candidates began
campaigning again. Pledges to the contrary, they argued angrily over how the
city should rebuild its downtown.

And that, Mr. Giuliani says, is perhaps the way it should be.

"Sept. 11 happened while George Bush was president of the United States, and how
he handles it is a significant factor in determining whether you are going to
vote for him," Mr. Giuliani said. "It's not politicizing it. It's just a fact.

"Having been in politics, I can say there isn't too much that is off limits."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge, shown visiting the Coast
Guard cutter Boutwell last week in Alameda, Calif., says he will not be taking
part in any presidential or Congressional campaign events. (Photo by Peter
DaSilva for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              590 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              June 12, 2016 Sunday
                              SUN REGIONAL Edition

Looking for path to victory

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 760 words


PHILADELPHIA The presidential primaries are just about over and the nominees
have emerged. And the general election begins with Democrat Hillary Clinton
already ahead of Republican Donald Trump on the Road to 270.

There is a path for the billionaire real estate mogul to find his way to 270.
But it's narrow, given the map's opening tilt toward the Democratic Party, and
hinges on Trump's ability to continue to defy political norms.

A look at four questions he'll need to answer successfully to beat Clinton:

Can Trump turn out more white voters? For Trump to have a shot, he must not only
replicate his overwhelming success in the GOP primaries at winning over white
voters, but also count on doing even better on Nov. 8.

It's a risky strategy because white, noncollege educated voters have shrunk as a
portion of the overall electorate in recent years. Also, it's at odds with many
Republican leaders, who believe the party's White House prospects hinge on
appealing to the growing number of black and Latino voters.

Trump's campaign is confident he can turn out whites who have not voted in past
elections in states such as Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania. Winning all
three would reverse decades of Democratic dominance in those states. If Trump
could take Ohio as well, he would offset potential Clinton wins in Florida,
Nevada and Colorado.

"If the election were held today, there'd be a significant number of blue
collar, whites males particularly, but some females who are registered
Democratic and would vote for Trump," said former Gov. Ed Rendell, D Pa.

Can Trump close the gap with suburban women? Trump begins the general election
campaign trailing badly among female voters, putting him at a disadvantage in
numerous states.

A recent Associated Press GfK poll found that 70 percent of women nationally
have unfavorable opinions of Trump. Clinton's campaign and allies are eager to
exploit Trump's weaknesses with women in the suburbs of critical states:
Charlotte, Raleigh Durham and Greensboro in North Carolina; northern Virginia;
the Denver area; and the counties around several of Ohio's cities.

Adam Geller, a Republican pollster in North Carolina, said Trump could balance
out his struggles with women by cutting into Clinton's standing with men in her
own party.

If Trump can shrink Clinton's lead among women and exploit his advantage with
men, he could perhaps carry some combination of Colorado, Florida, North
Carolina and Virginia.

Can Trump boost his standing with minorities? When 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney
lost to President Barack Obama, GOP leaders quickly identified a glaring
problem: Romney's stunningly poor performance with black and Latino voters.
Across the country, he won only 17 percent of the nonwhite vote.

Some Republicans fear Trump will do even worse.

That would put victory all but out of reach in states such as Florida, Nevada
and Colorado, where Latinos are a fast growing segment of the electorate. In
Florida, for example, Latinos made up 17 percent of the electorate in the 2012
presidential race, and 60 percent sided with Obama.

Romney won the support of just 27 percent of Latinos nationally in a campaign
where he backed the idea of "self deportation." Trump has gone much further,
declaring that some Mexican immigrants are rapists and criminals, calling for a
wall along the U.S. Mexico border and pledging to throw out all people living in
the U.S. illegally before allowing "the good ones" back in.

More recently, Trump angered his own party's leaders by raising a federal
judge's Mexican heritage as a reason he might be biased in a legal case. The
comments were widely condemned as racist.

Can Trump put new states in play? Both Trump and Clinton are seeking a holy
grail of presidential politics: winning states that long have voted for the
opposing party.

For Trump, that means New York and California, two of the three biggest
electoral prizes. Republicans haven't won either since the 1980s, and the
contests since haven't been close.

Still, Trump appears undeterred and insists he'll compete aggressively for both.
"I'm going to put in a heavy play in California, I'm going to make a play for
New York also," he said last month.

Chip Lake, a Republican strategist in Georgia, takes a dim view of Trump's
bravado, arguing that the candidate should concentrate on shoring up Republicans
and conservative independents.

"The Electoral College already doesn't work in Republicans' favor," Lake said.
"Mitt Romney won independents by 5 points and still lost.

"Do we really think Donald Trump is going to do better?"

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Left: Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton takes a selfie
during a stop in Washing-ton, D.C., on Friday. Right: On Saturday, Republican
presidential candidate Donald Trump poses with supporters in Tampa, Fla. Alex
Brandon, The Associated Press (left); Gerardo Mora, Getty Images (right)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 23, 2012 Friday

Washington: Former Fresno-area teacher sentenced to 8 years for receiving child
pornography

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Former Hanford High School teacher and football coach Eric Rodriguez, 36, was
sentenced in federal court Monday to eight years and one month in prison
followed by 15 years of supervised release for receiving child pornography.

The case is the result of an investigation by U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) and the Central
California Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force, with assistance from the
investigations unit of the Kings County District Attorney's Office.

According to court documents, Rodriguez received approximately 30 separate
videos depicting minors engaging in sexually explicit conduct. The videos
portrayed sadism, masochism and other images of violence. Rodriguez received the
child pornography on his computer via the Internet, and many of the victims
depicted were prepubescent minors.

"This sentence should serve as a stern warning to anyone who possesses and
distributes child pornography and believes the anonymity of the Internet will
shield them from detection," said Mike Prado, resident agent in charge of HSI
Fresno. "This case is particularly disturbing in light of the defendant's
position as a teacher and coach. "HSI will continue to work closely with our
local law enforcement partners to investigate those who sexually exploit our
young people and ensure that these predators feel the full weight of the law."

The case is also the result of HSI's Operation Predator, a nationwide initiative
to identify, investigate and arrest those who sexually exploit children, and
Project Safe Childhood, a Department of Justice effort launched in May 2006 to
combat the growing epidemic of child sexual exploitation and abuse.

HSI encourages the public to report suspected child predators and any suspicious
activity through its toll-free hotline at 1-866-DHS-2ICE or by completing its
online tip form. Both are staffed around the clock by investigators. Suspected
child sexual exploitation or missing children may also be reported to the
National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, an Operation Predator partner,
via its toll-free 24-hour hotline, 1-800-THE-LOST (1-800-843-5678) or its online
resource for reporting child sexual exploitation.

HSI is a founding member and the U.S. representative of the Virtual Global
Taskforce, an international alliance of law enforcement agencies working
together to prevent and deter online child sexual abuse.

For more information please visit: http://www.ice.gov

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Evening News (Edinburgh)

                            March 1, 2007, Thursday
                                   1 Edition

MTEM to seek out hidden reserves of Caribbean oil

SECTION: Pg. 29

LENGTH: 190 words


EDINBURGH-BASED MTEM, the offshore hydrocarbon survey firm, said it had secured
a commission from Caribbean group Ten Degrees North Energy (TDNE) to conduct a
survey of the mature Tabaquite oil field in Trinidad.

The "R-Land" technology used by MTEM is capable of finding bypassed oil in
mature producing fields, the company claims. It can also indicate before
drilling starts whether deep underground reservoirs contain hydrocarbon
deposits, therefore reducing the amount of drilling and potentially saving
billions of pounds.

However, the Capital firm - which last year established its first regional
office in Houston, Texas, to meet growing demand from the Americas - did not say
what the deal was worth to it.

Industry experts currently estimate the potential market for MTEM
(multi-transient electromagnetic) to be around GBP 500 million a year.

Jason Robinson, MTEM's vice president for North and South America, said: "This
is another significant step forward in the development of our company.

"The drive to exploit national resources rather than rely on expensive imports
is a major opportunity for MTEM, and one which we look to exploit."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Scotsman Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             May 28, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Bowman getting another chance

BYLINE: Rob Vanstone, The Leader-Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Rob Vanstone; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 740  words


Adarius Bowman's first opportunity in pro football is actually a second chance.

Bowman -- who is poised to participate in the Saskatchewan Roughriders' rookie
camp -- was a virtual lock to be selected in the 2008 NFL draft until he was
convicted of misdemeanour possession of marijuana in April.

Bowman's exploits with the Oklahoma State Cowboys were suddenly of little
relevance to NFL teams, who are more conscious than ever about off-field
indiscretions. Teams instantly shied away from someone who had been hyped by
Oklahoma State publicists as a Heisman Trophy candidate as his senior season
loomed. The year before, he had been a semifinalist for the Biletnikoff Award --
which goes to the NCAA's top receiver.

With one mistake, Bowman's accomplishments were neutralized. He was fined $250
-- the smallest amount possible under the law -- but the net loss was to the
tune of six, or perhaps seven, figures. So much for the lucrative signing bonus.

"I can't be mad about something I never had,'' Bowman said Tuesday. "If I had
lost that amount of money, then I could be mad, but I never had it. I just made
it harder for myself. I haven't got it today, but I can still get it.''

Bowman hopes this second chance turns out as well as the one he received at
Oklahoma State.

In 2004, Bowman had been dismissed by the North Carolina Tar Heels after a
marijuana possession charge, even though it was dismissed. The Chattanooga,
Tenn., product redshirted in 2005 after transferring to Oklahoma State.

In 2006, Bowman caught 60 passes for 1,181 yards -- an average of 19.7 yards per
reception -- and 12 touchdowns. He was named a Big 12 all-star that season, when
his exploits included a 300-yard receiving game (a conference record).

Last season, he made 67 receptions for 1,006 yards and eight touchdowns despite
missing 21/2 games with a right knee sprain. However, his stock began to fall
when he struggled in the Senior Bowl and posted a substandard time -- 4.74
seconds -- in the 40-yard dash at the NFL scouting combine. Previously, he had
covered 40 yards as briskly as 4.48 seconds, routinely clocking under 4.6.

"He's a good kid,'' Oklahoma State co-offensive co-ordinator Gunter Brewer said.
"He has just made some bad decisions, but he's a good kid. He's not a thug. He's
not a turd. He's a team player. He's got a great personality.''

And a resume to match.

How often do the Roughriders have an opportunity to land a graduating collegian
who possesses such eye-popping credentials and physical attributes?

"It's a unique opportunity for the young man who, if he exercises mature
judgment, has a tremendous future in this game he loves,'' said Riders general
manager Eric Tillman, who placed Bowman on the CFL team's negotiation list after
learning of the marijuana charge.

"Heck, he has it all: Size, athletic ability, a desire to be very good and
personality galore. Call it instinct, but after visiting with Adarius at length,
I'm very optimistic this will prove to be a win-win scenario. Here's to
optimism.''

The optimism is shared by Brewer, who was coaching at North Carolina when that
university recruited Bowman.

"It's a shame that he wasn't in the first two or three rounds of the NFL
draft,'' Brewer said. "That's where he belongs athletically, but because of a
couple of poor choices in his social life, he has paid the price for that and he
is looking for another opportunity to rejoin those ranks. Eric has been kind
enough to give him that second chance.''

That could expose him to second-guessing from people who cite the team's code of
conduct.

"If the church doors were locked to all who have sinned, the pews would be
empty,'' Tillman said. "So let's put our code of conduct in its proper context.
We want to have an organization which stands for character, respect and will be
a source of pride to our province, on the field and off of it, too.

"But, in championing that ideal, we never should lose sight of the importance of
extending grace, especially to young people. The maturation process, even for
those of us over 50, includes a scroll of mistakes, doesn't it?''

Bowman appreciates the opportunity -- he repeatedly thanked "Mr. Tillman''
during the interview -- and recognizes what escaped him, at least in the short
term.

"I was right there,'' Bowman said. "I had everything that you want right there
and I didn't take advantage of it. You live and you learn. But I'm taking
advantage of the second chance, I promise you that.''

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2008 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             May 28, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Riders happy to give Bowman second chance

BYLINE: Rob Vanstone, Regina Leader-Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Rob Vanstone; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 740  words


Adarius Bowman's first opportunity in pro football is actually a second chance.

Bowman -- who is poised to participate in the Saskatchewan Roughriders' rookie
camp -- was a virtual lock to be selected in the 2008 NFL draft until he was
convicted of misdemeanor possession of marijuana in April.

Bowman's exploits with the Oklahoma State Cowboys were suddenly of little
relevance to NFL teams, who are more conscious than ever about off-field
indiscretions. Teams instantly shied away from someone who had been hyped by
Oklahoma State publicists as a Heisman Trophy candidate as his senior season
loomed. The year before, he had been a semifinalist for the Biletnikoff Award --
which goes to the NCAA's top receiver.

With one mistake, Bowman's accomplishments were neutralized. He was fined $250
-- the smallest amount possible under the law -- but the net loss was to the
tune of six, or perhaps seven, figures. So much for the lucrative signing bonus.

"I can't be mad about something I never had,'' Bowman said Tuesday. "If I had
lost that amount of money, then I could be mad, but I never had it. I just made
it harder for myself. I haven't got it today, but I can still get it.''

Bowman hopes this second chance turns out as well as the one he received at
Oklahoma State.

In 2004, Bowman had been dismissed by the North Carolina Tar Heels after a
marijuana possession charge, even though it was dismissed. The Chattanooga,
Tenn., product redshirted in 2005 after transferring to Oklahoma State.

In 2006, Bowman caught 60 passes for 1,181 yards -- an average of 19.7 yards per
reception -- and 12 touchdowns. He was named a Big 12 all-star that season when
his exploits included a 300-yard receiving game (a conference record).

Last season, he made 67 receptions for 1,006 yards and eight touchdowns despite
missing 21/2 games with a right knee sprain. However, his stock began to fall
when he struggled in the Senior Bowl and posted a substandard time -- 4.74
seconds -- in the 40-yard dash at the NFL scouting combine.

Previously, he had covered 40 yards as briskly as 4.48 seconds, routinely
clocking under 4.6.

"He's a good kid,'' Oklahoma State co-offensive co-ordinator Gunter Brewer said.
"He has just made some bad decisions, but he's a good kid. He's not a thug. He's
not a turd. He's a team player. He's got a great personality.''

And a resume to match.

How often do the Roughriders have an opportunity to land a graduating collegian
who possesses such eye-popping credentials and physical attributes?

"It's a unique opportunity for the young man who, if he exercises mature
judgment, has a tremendous future in this game he loves,'' said Riders general
manager Eric Tillman, who placed Bowman on the CFL team's negotiation list after
learning of the marijuana charge.

"Heck, he has it all: Size, athletic ability, a desire to be very good and
personality galore. Call it instinct, but after visiting with Adarius at length,
I'm very optimistic this will prove to be a win-win scenario. Here's to
optimism.''

The optimism is shared by Brewer, who was coaching at North Carolina when that
university recruited Bowman.

"It's a shame that he wasn't in the first two or three rounds of the NFL
draft,'' Brewer said. "That's where he belongs athletically, but because of a
couple of poor choices in his social life, he has paid the price for that and he
is looking for another opportunity to rejoin those ranks. Eric has been kind
enough to give him that second chance.''

That could expose him to second-guessing from people who cite the team's code of
conduct.

"If the church doors were locked to all who have sinned, the pews would be
empty,'' Tillman said. "So let's put our code of conduct in its proper context.
We want to have an organization which stands for character, respect and will be
a source of pride to our province, on the field and off of it, too.

"But, in championing that ideal, we never should lose sight of the importance of
extending grace, especially to young people. The maturation process, even for
those of us over 50, includes a scroll of mistakes, doesn't it?''

Bowman appreciates the opportunity -- he repeatedly thanked "Mr. Tillman''
during the interview -- and recognizes what escaped him, at least in the short
term.

"I was right there,'' Bowman said. "I had everything that you want right there
and I didn't take advantage of it. You live and you learn. But I'm taking
advantage of the second chance, I promise you that.''

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             June 18, 2009 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

LOCAL FILMMAKER STAYS FOCUSED

BYLINE: Doug Moe

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 671 words


The problem with chatting with Cottage Grove filmmaker Bob Leff this week was
picking which of three documentaries to discuss.

Leff has a new film out and is eager to promote it. I must say I was anxious to
hear about it, too, because the subject is one of the best bars in Wisconsin - a
100-year-old tavern-bowling alley with a colorful proprietress who is nearly as
old as the bar.

I'm ashamed to say I had somehow never heard of this place, and I looked forward
to learning more about it from Leff.

But there is also renewed interest in one of his earliest documentaries, which
examines the exploits of John Dillinger in Wisconsin. Leff did his film nearly a
decade before Dillinger started showing up in movie trailers looking like Johnny
Depp.

Finally, Leff has begun work on his next project - a film profile of Sun
Prairie's Angell Park Speedway - and already has tales to tell about it. Did you
know that years before the midget cars raced at Angell Park, horses did?

Bob Leff, 68, is a natural storyteller who was born in New York City and came to
Madison in 1967 to work at the Wisconsin Children's Treatment Center on Lake
Mendota's north shore.

A part of Leff's job involved making training films, so when he retired, in
1996, he thought he'd try his hand at documentaries. He bought a digital
camcorder and went looking for stories.

His films include "The Old Masters of Musky Fishing," which aired on Wisconsin
Public Television and was based on nearly 40 hours of interviews with northern
Wisconsin fishing guides. Leff also made a documentary on the sculptor known as
Dr. Evermor, and another on Frank Lloyd Wright as seen through the eyes of
Wright's grandson, Brandoch Peters.

It was the fishing film that led Leff to make "Gangster Holidays," his
documentary on the Wisconsin exploits of Dillinger and Baby Face Nelson. One of
the fishing guides, Tom Hallatz, was a retired Chicago reporter who had written
extensively about gangsters. Leff and Hallatz teamed for the documentary, and
scored an interview with Emil Wanatka, who in 1934 was 8 years old and living in
the resort his dad owned in Manitowish Waters.

The resort was called Little Bohemia and Dillinger and Nelson were there when
the FBI raided it. Emil recalled playing catch with Nelson and later picking his
discarded gun off the driveway.

Leff said Wednesday that "Gangster Holidays" was originally done on VHS, but
with the renewed interest in Dillinger he has transferred it to DVD.

Leff's new DVD is titled "Holler at 100: Still Bowling After All These Years."
He pursued it after a brief story appeared in the State Journal about the 100th
anniversary party, last September, of the Holler House bar and bowling alley in
Milwaukee.

The engine driving the Holler House - which Esquire magazine once called one of
the best bars in the United States - is Marcy Skowronski, 4 feet 11 and 83 years
old.

"She's full of vim and vigor," Leff said.

When he called to propose a film, Skowronski invited him to stop by. What Leff
found was "a unique woman with a great sense of humor," presiding over "the
friendliest, most informal place you can imagine."

The Holler's two bowling lanes - still the original wood from 1908 - are in the
basement. Marcy serves drinks upstairs. Regulars abound, and so does laughter.
It keeps her young, she said.

For more information on any of Leff's films, contact him at 608-873-5784 or
vapbob@juno.com

His next one, on Angell Park, sounds promising, but he'll have trouble finding a
more lively character than Marcy Skowronski. She once told a reporter from
Chicago that she considered quitting the bar business after her husband died,
even buying a condo in Arizona, where she volunteered at a hospital.

An administrator there asked Marcy what she wanted to do.

"Read porno to blind people," Marcy said.

The hospital demurred, and she wound up back at the bar in Milwaukee. "That
place is for old people," Marcy said, and it wasn't immediately clear if she was
referring to Arizona or the hospital. Not the Holler House, in any case.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Contact Doug Moe at 608-252-6446 or dmoe@madison.com

GRAPHIC: Bob Leff photo The Holler House bar in Milwaukee is the subject of Bob
Leff's new documentary. Photo of Bob Leff

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                          November 11, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Tomorrow In The Gazette

BYLINE: The Gazette

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 167  words


Tomorrow night's game against the Coyotes could be the last trip to Phoenix ever
for the Canadiens if the NHL can't find a new owner willing to keep the team in
Arizona. Pat Hickey reports, tomorrow in Sports. ;

ARTS ;

PRIESTESS ROCKS HARD ;

Montreal's Priestess prefers the term hard rock to heavy metal. It allows the
band more breathing room, which it exploits on its second album, Prior to the
Fire. T'Cha Dunlevy paints a portrait of a talented band coming into its own,
tomorrow in Arts. ;

SPORTS

LAST HOWL WITH THE HABS?

Tomorrow night's game against the Coyotes could be the last trip to Phoenix ever
for the Canadiens if the NHL can't find a new owner willing to keep the team in
Arizona. Pat Hickey reports, tomorrow in Sports.

ARTS

PRIESTESS ROCKS HARD

Montreal's Priestess prefers the term hard rock to heavy metal. It allows the
band more breathing room, which it exploits on its second album, Prior to the
Fire. T'Cha Dunlevy paints a portrait of a talented band coming into its own,
tomorrow in Arts.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo:  LAST HOWL WITH THE HABS? ;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                            January 26, 2010 Tuesday

Expert finds vulnerabilities in Microsoft browser

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 258 words


A security research firm said it discovered another set of vulnerabilities in
Internet Explorer, a day after Microsoft Corp patched the Web browser following
a high-profile cyber attack on Google in China.


The software maker issued a patch on Thursday to fight malicious software that
was used in the attack on Google Inc and dozens of other companies which operate
in China.
Research firm Core Security Technologies said on Friday that it discovered
another set of vulnerabilities in Internet Explorer that hackers can link
together and exploit, to remotely access all of the data on a personal computer.

"There are three or four ways to conduct this type of attack," said Jorge Luis
Alvarez Medina, a security consultant with Boston-based Core, who will
demonstrate the vulnerability at the Black Hat security conference in
Washington, which begins February 2.
A spokeswoman for Microsoft said she could not immediately comment on the
matter.
Alvarez Medina said hackers can exploit a string of four or five minor
vulnerabilities in Internet Explorer, which is used on hundreds of millions of
PCs around the world.
Although none of the vulnerabilities are serious enough to compromise a machine,
a hacker could take control of a PC by exploiting all of them at once, he said.

The combination would overwhelm the browser, giving a hacker access to all data
on the PC after a user clicks on a malicious link, he said.
Alvarez Medina added that he was uncertain whether any hackers had already
exploited the weaknesses, which Microsoft has yet to patch.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2010 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                            January 24, 2010 Sunday

Expert finds vulnerabilities in Microsoft browser

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 258 words


A security research firm said it discovered another set of vulnerabilities in
Internet Explorer, a day after Microsoft Corp patched the Web browser following
a high-profile cyber attack on Google in China.


The software maker issued a patch on Thursday to fight malicious software that
was used in the attack on Google Inc and dozens of other companies which operate
in China.
Research firm Core Security Technologies said on Friday that it discovered
another set of vulnerabilities in Internet Explorer that hackers can link
together and exploit, to remotely access all of the data on a personal computer.

"There are three or four ways to conduct this type of attack," said Jorge Luis
Alvarez Medina, a security consultant with Boston-based Core, who will
demonstrate the vulnerability at the Black Hat security conference in
Washington, which begins February 2.
A spokeswoman for Microsoft said she could not immediately comment on the
matter.
Alvarez Medina said hackers can exploit a string of four or five minor
vulnerabilities in Internet Explorer, which is used on hundreds of millions of
PCs around the world.
Although none of the vulnerabilities are serious enough to compromise a machine,
a hacker could take control of a PC by exploiting all of them at once, he said.

The combination would overwhelm the browser, giving a hacker access to all data
on the PC after a user clicks on a malicious link, he said.
Alvarez Medina added that he was uncertain whether any hackers had already
exploited the weaknesses, which Microsoft has yet to patch.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2010 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                           January 23, 2010 Saturday

Expert finds vulnerabilities in Microsoft browser

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 258 words


A security research firm said it discovered another set of vulnerabilities in
Internet Explorer, a day after Microsoft Corp patched the Web browser following
a high-profile cyber attack on Google in China.


The software maker issued a patch on Thursday to fight malicious software that
was used in the attack on Google Inc and dozens of other companies which operate
in China.
Research firm Core Security Technologies said on Friday that it discovered
another set of vulnerabilities in Internet Explorer that hackers can link
together and exploit, to remotely access all of the data on a personal computer.

"There are three or four ways to conduct this type of attack," said Jorge Luis
Alvarez Medina, a security consultant with Boston-based Core, who will
demonstrate the vulnerability at the Black Hat security conference in
Washington, which begins February 2.
A spokeswoman for Microsoft said she could not immediately comment on the
matter.
Alvarez Medina said hackers can exploit a string of four or five minor
vulnerabilities in Internet Explorer, which is used on hundreds of millions of
PCs around the world.
Although none of the vulnerabilities are serious enough to compromise a machine,
a hacker could take control of a PC by exploiting all of them at once, he said.

The combination would overwhelm the browser, giving a hacker access to all data
on the PC after a user clicks on a malicious link, he said.
Alvarez Medina added that he was uncertain whether any hackers had already
exploited the weaknesses, which Microsoft has yet to patch.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2010 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                               May 2, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Ann Hornaday Recommends Thre ...

SECTION: Sunday Arts; N03

LENGTH: 376 words


Three terrific new DVDs of movies that aren't likely to be remade soon:

The Cooler (2003, R, 101 minutes) -- Wayne  Kramer's debut feature stars William
H. Macy as a guy with such bad luck that he's employed by a Las Vegas casino
manager to sidle up to winning patrons and kill their hot streaks. When Macy's
character falls in love with a waitress (Maria Bello), his luck starts to turn,
which may end up costing him his life. Macy and Bello deliver heartfelt
performances as two bedraggled misfits who can't believe their sudden good
fortune, but "The Cooler" balances hard-bitten realism with flights of
fairy-tale fantasy. Alec Baldwin was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of
the ruthless Vegas boss whose lethal temper is tempered by a soft heart. Look
for Paul Sorvino in an unsettling and unforgettable performance of a lounge
singer on his way way down.   Contains strong sexuality, violence, language and
some drug use.

Big Fish (2003, PG-13,  125 minutes) -- This adaptation of the Daniel Wallace
novel stars Albert Finney as a larger-than-life character who has regaled his
son (Billy Crudup) with tall tales of his exploits all his life. When the young
man tries to get to the truth of his father's life, he discovers some crucial
truths of his own. Tim Burton puts his wild imagination to good use in this
blend of family drama and magic realism; if you let yourself go along for the
ride, he makes this idiosyncratic, often lyrically beautiful film worth the
trip.  Contains a fight scene, some images of nudity and a sexually suggestive
reference.

Elephant (2003, R,  81 minutes) -- Gus Van Sant's haunting fictional account of
a Columbine-like tragedy is that rare ripped- from-the-headlines movie that
doesn't exploit its source material, instead using the event as a chance to
meditate on the emotional truth of what was lost.  Van Sant follows various
students and their cliques as they start another day at a typical American high
school; by the time two boys begin to open fire on their peers, viewers have
become so invested in their problems, issues and little triumphs that the
violence is what it should be -- shattering. Contains disturbing violent
content, language, brief sexuality and drug use -- all involving teens.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              601 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     August 24, 1998, Monday, METRO EDITION

Outrage fuels competition, not debate

BYLINE: By John Montesano

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 763 words


   Moral outrage is in the press a lot these days.

People seem to be worked up over a wide range of troubling news. American
sensibilities have been tested throughout "Zippergate," which peaked last week
when Bill Clinton addressed his nation and admitted to having had "inappropriate
relations" with a former intern.

Closer to home, there was more excess rage recently when Ontario's Special
Investigations Unit charged two police officers with dangerous driving in
connection with a car chase that led to the death of a Toronto man. To add fuel
to the mix, the charges were laid only days after Detective Constable Bill
Hancox was killed while taking a break on an undercover duty assignment.

In the midst of all this public dismay, a decision by filmmaker Jerry Ciccoritti
to buy the movie rights to Paul's Case - a controversial book of fiction by Lynn
Crosbie about the public response to, and media coverage associated with, the
Paul Bernardo murders - set off an avalanche of anger. Talk show debates went
over many of the same arguments used to denounce the book when it was first
published last year by Insomniac Press.

In all these cases, and in many other incidents where moral outrage seems to
guide public discourse, there is a need to put a protective wall around the
victimized and single out an exploiter. Clinton exploits and manipulates a young
intern. The SIU exploits and demoralizes a venerable police force. Ciccoritti
exploits the memory of Bernardo's victims.

Last week, I heard former New York governor Mario Cuomo tackle some of Clinton's
critics by attacking the hypocrisy of their moral posturing. He asked if it was
more immoral to support a lying president who sleeps around or a lying Congress
that enacts laws for welfare reform that lead to greater child poverty and
hunger.

Do the outraged use their moral ground as a foundation to exploit others?

That's what the Bloor West Guardian, a neighbourhood weekly newspaper, wondered
in an editorial last week that criticized Toronto Councillor Frances Nunziata
for issuing a press release asking the SIU to drop the charges against the
officers in light of the sadness of Hancox's murder. It accused her of trying to
exploit "the honest grief that's arisen from his death for political reasons."

The case of Ciccoritti's film proposal also presents an interesting range of
incidents by which we can better understand the nature of outrage and criticism.
The most notable feature of the controversy is how quickly Ciccoritti's
opponents sacrificed truth and fairness to score points against him.

In fact, Ciccoritti isn't working on a film about Paul Bernardo. He simply paid
for the movie rights to Crosbie's book. Whether or not Ciccoritti is able to
present a visual version of Crosbie's murky and poetic work remains in question,
more than likely, even to the filmmaker himself.

Although the Toronto-based director, a multiple Genie award-winning filmmaker
who has a feature in the Toronto International Film Festival next month, went
out of his way to describe his intention to not recreate the events of the
murders, his critics still found his actions deplorable.

Days after the news broke, Priscilla de Villiers of Canadians Against Violence
Everywhere Advocating its Termination (CAVEAT), a victims' rights advocacy
group, was on CP24's Daily Live Nightly talking about the movie as if it were a
movie-of-the-week tabloid film already in the can. "This is exploitation of the
most crass kind," is how she described Ciccoritti's actions.

De Villiers seemed concerned about the nature of good and evil. "It is time,"
she insisted, "we started having ethical and moral considerations" about this
kind of entertainment.

It seems restrictive to classify a work of art, however tasteless, as a form of
entertainment. Art should act to expand one's experience and tackle the most
troubling of issues. Why shy away from that opportunity?

Ciccoritti stopped talking to the press just about the time his critics couldn't
get enough of his flogging. He issued a press release just as his phone started
ringing off the hook. "The film will be undertaken," the statement read, "with
full respect and sensitivity to the family."

De Villiers' responses neither took into account the serious nature of his
previous work , nor his press release.

I suspect the greatest tribute to a victim is to advocate justice and freedom
rather than vengeance and censorship.

John Montesano is the editor of Toronto's Eyetalian Magazine. He's reached at
eyetalia @ total.net

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              602 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                       August 24, 1998, Monday, Edition 1

OUTRAGE FUELS
 COMPETITION,
 NOT DEBATE

BYLINE: John Montesano

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 796 words


Moral outrage is in the press a lot these days.
 People seem to be worked up over a wide range of troubling news.
 American sensibilities have been tested throughout
 ''Zippergate,'' which peaked last week when Bill Clinton
 addressed his nation and admitted to having had ''inappropriate
 relations'' with a former intern.
 Closer to home, there was more excess rage recently when
 Ontario's Special Investigations Unit charged two police officers
 with dangerous driving in connection with a car chase that led to
 the death of a Toronto man. To add fuel to the mix, the charges
 were laid only days after Detective Constable Bill Hancox was
 killed while taking a break on an undercover duty assignment.
 In the midst of all this public dismay, a decision by filmmaker
 Jerry Ciccoritti to buy the movie rights to Paul's Case - a
 controversial book of fiction by Lynn Crosbie about the public
 response to, and media coverage associated with, the Paul
 Bernardo murders - set off an avalanche of anger. Talk show
 debates went over many of the same arguments used to denounce the
 book when it was first published last year by Insomniac Press.
 In all these cases, and in many other incidents where moral
 outrage seems to guide public discourse, there is a need to put a
 protective wall around the victimized and single out an
 exploiter. Clinton exploits and manipulates a young intern. The
 SIU exploits and demoralizes a venerable police force. Ciccoritti
 exploits the memory of Bernardo's victims.
 Last week, I heard former New York governor Mario Cuomo tackle
 some of Clinton's critics by attacking the hypocrisy of their
 moral posturing. He asked if it was more immoral to support a
 lying president who sleeps around or a lying Congress that enacts
 laws for welfare reform that lead to greater child poverty and
 hunger.
 Do the outraged use their moral ground as a foundation to exploit
 others?
 That's what the Bloor West Guardian, a neighbourhood weekly
 newspaper, wondered in an editorial last week that criticized
 Toronto Councillor Frances Nunziata for issuing a press release
 asking the SIU to drop the charges against the officers in light
 of the sadness of Hancox's murder. It accused her of trying to
 exploit ''the honest grief that's arisen from his death for
 political reasons.''
 The case of Ciccoritti's film proposal also presents an
 interesting range of incidents by which we can better understand
 the nature of outrage and criticism. The most notable feature of
 the controversy is how quickly Ciccoritti's opponents sacrificed
 truth and fairness to score points against him.
 In fact, Ciccoritti isn't working on a film about Paul Bernardo.
 He simply paid for the movie rights to Crosbie's book. Whether or
 not Ciccoritti is able to present a visual version of Crosbie's
 murky and poetic work remains in question, more than likely, even
 to the filmmaker himself.
 Although the Toronto-based director, a multiple Genie
 award-winning filmmaker who has a feature in the Toronto
 International Film Festival next month, went out of his way to
 describe his intention to not recreate the events of the murders,
 his critics still found his actions deplorable.
 Days after the news broke, Priscilla de Villiers of Canadians
 Against Violence Everywhere Advocating its Termination (CAVEAT),
 a victims' rights advocacy group, was on CP24's Daily Live
 Nightly talking about the movie as if it were a movie-of-the-week
 tabloid film already in the can. ''This is exploitation of the
most crass kind,'' is how she described Ciccoritti's actions.
 De Villiers seemed concerned about the nature of good and evil.
 ''It is time,'' she insisted, ''we started having ethical and
 moral considerations'' about this kind of entertainment.
 It seems restrictive to classify a work of art, however
 tasteless, as a form of entertainment. Art should act to expand
 one's experience and tackle the most troubling of issues. Why shy
 away from that opportunity?
 Ciccoritti stopped talking to the press just about the time his
 critics couldn't get enough of his flogging. He issued a press
 release just as his phone started ringing off the hook. ''The
 film will be undertaken,'' the statement read, ''with full
 respect and sensitivity to the family.''
 De Villiers' responses neither took into account the serious
 nature of his previous work , nor his press release.
 I suspect the greatest tribute to a victim is to advocate justice
 and freedom rather than vengeance and censorship.
 John Montesano is the editor of Toronto's Eyetalian Magazine.
 He's reached at eyetalia@total.net



LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              603 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                              June 1, 2014 Sunday

Banda singer 'Tito Torbellino' killed in Mexico;
Banda singer 'Tito Torbellino' shot to death in Mexico

SECTION: A; Pg.3

LENGTH: 380  words


MEXICO CITY (AP) - A U.S.-born singer of northern Mexican "banda" music has been
shot to death at a restaurant in the border state of Sonora.

State police in Sonora said Tomas Tovar Rascon was born in Phoenix, Arizona, and
was shot several times at the restaurant in Ciudad Obregon.

Tovar Rascon, 33, was better known by his stage name, "Tito Torbellino."

His Facebook page said he was scheduled to perform at a concert in Ciudad
Obregon on Friday. A U.S. booking agent listed for Torbellino confirmed his
death.

Police said two gunmen entered the restaurant Thursday and shot Tovar Rascon at
close range. He died on the way to a local hospital.

Members of other musical groups have been murdered in Mexico in recent years,
usually groups that perform "narcocorridos" that celebrate the exploits of drug
traffickers.

But while some guns appear in Torbellino's music videos, his songs mainly
focused on unrequited love, not drug gangs.

Experts say drug capos sometimes target musicians because of their ties to rival
groups, or sentimental involvements.

In 2013, South Texas singer Jesus "Chuy" Quintanilla was found shot in the head
near Mission, Texas. Quintanilla was well known for his ballads, including some
about the exploits of Mexican drug cartels.

Elijah Wald, author of the book, "Narcocorrido: A Journey into the Music of
Drugs, Guns and Guerrillas," noted previous victims have included singers of a
number of genres, not only narcocorridos. Getting entangled with the girlfriend
of a criminal, for example, could be dangerous.

"In that world, it's probably more dangerous to be singing romantic songs than
narcocorridos because it increases the chances that somebody's girlfriend will
suddenly decide that you're the cutest thing ever," he said.

Wald said he didn't have any information on the motive in the Torbellino's
killing, but noted that the singer appears only recently to have become
successful.

"It's often just a matter of somebody sponsoring someone who isn't paying them
back or isn't being properly respectful once they make it," Wald.

"You're in a world where's it's very, very easy to be in the wrong place at the
wrong time, or have the wrong friends or look sideway at the wrong girl. The
list of things you can do wrong once you're in that world gets very large."

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            January 23, 2012 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

A hero's life, a mortal's end: JoePa's 'grand experiment'

BYLINE: BY WILL BUNCH; bunchw@phillynews.com 215-854-2957

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Spt. Penn State; Pg. 03

LENGTH: 1182 words



IN 1943, the Jesuit priest who taught Latin at Brooklyn Prep introduced a
book-loving 17-year-old kid named Joe Paterno to the Roman epic that would
change his life: Virgil's Aeneid.

But the young Paterno - whose ability to throw a football as adeptly as he
translated Latin earned him a scholarship to the Ivy League's Brown University -
did more than merely fall in love with the heroic exploits of Aeneas, who
preached duty and battled the fates to build an "empire without end."

With his disarming mix of a lofty diploma and Brooklyn-bred blue-collar grit,
Paterno showed up in the central nowhere of Pennsylvania in 1950 seemingly
determined - perhaps unconsciously, perhaps not - to reinvent both the exploits
and the ideals of the ancient Roman hero, but on the modern battlefield of
football.

The tumultuous last plot twists and tortured final days of Paterno - who
succumbed yesterday in a State College hospital to lung cancer at age 85 - left
little doubt that the remarkable life of the winningest coach in major college
history was an epic for a new millennium, worthy of the classic poets.

But will Paterno's odyssey be remembered for its long trail of heroic exploits
that included not just gridiron glory but his one-of-a-kind commitment to the
philosophy of the scholar-athlete? Or did the final shock of the child-sex-abuse
scandal of his longtime assistant Jerry Sandusky rewrite the ending as a Greek
tragedy, its hero undone by the prideful flaw of hubris?

Paterno and his huge following never doubted that his approach to both football
and life encapsulated ancient virtues of honor, channeling the brutality of war
into sport.

"The adventures of Aeneas seeped into far corners of my mind, into my feelings
about what is true and honorable and important," Paterno wrote in his 1989
autobiography. "They helped shape everything I have since become" - including
his insistence on keeping his Nittany Lions in plain blue-and-white uniforms
with no name on the back.

Paterno became head coach at Penn State in 1966, just in time for the flood of
upwardly mobile baby boomers who swelled America's public campuses, and he built
on undefeated seasons in 1968 and 1969 to practically invent a new world in
which the communal values of football became the vessel for a diverse university
to unite in common purpose.

He pulled that off not only because his teams won Saturday after Saturday but
because he supported it with an appealing philosophy that he called "the Grand
Experiment" - which he called "first-class football played by students who put
first-class lives first." Throughout his 45-year tenure as head coach, he backed
that up as Penn State footballers ranked consistently at or near the top of the
NCAA list of programs and their graduation rates.

His coaching pride on the sidelines appeared to be matched by his modesty off
the field - the simple ranch house with the listed phone number, the unstylish
Coke-bottle glasses and the white socks under black shoes.

In the years when the victories - including, finally, a national championship in
1982 and again in 1986 - piled up and fans in the ever-expanding Beaver Stadium
easily could have forgotten "the Grand Experiment," Paterno - usually with his
wife, Sue, by his side - doubled down on books. In 1997, the couple gave a
whopping $3.5 million to endow faculty chairs and build an interfaith spiritual
center on campus, and they raised millions more to expand the library.

Yet his love of the classics never measured up to his love of leading the
Nittany Lions. As the legend grew and the thick-glasses visage of "JoePa"
practically became the face of Pennsylvania itself - immortalized from coffee
mugs to "Peachy Paterno" ice cream - the coach could not imagine any kind of
life for himself away from the sidelines.

In 2008, CBS sportscaster Brent Musburger said that his friend Paterno was
haunted by the specter of college football's rival coaching giant of the 1960s
and 1970s, Alabama's Bear Bryant, who retired in 1982 and died of a massive
heart attack 29 days later.

"He is a man that doesn't fish, doesn't play golf . . . he has no other interest
other than his family and football," Musberger said in 2008. "And he's just
afraid what would happen with the rest of his life if he walks away from it."

Penn State tackle Donovan Smith, recruited last year by Paterno, wrote on
Twitter yesterday that the coach became even more blunt, telling him, "I'm
afraid to stop coaching because I'll die."

Even as Paterno approached sainthood among Penn State's ever-growing rolls of
alumni and students, there were the nagging naysayers who wondered whether
Paterno's protection of both his job security and the Penn State image was
starting to overtake "the Grand Experiment."

Complained a Penn State instructor and program critic, John Swinton: "In this
town, he's a demigod, and what goes with that is that you excuse him from
scrutiny." The campus disciplinarian quit in 2007 after Paterno's insistence on
handling problems with his players his own way.

And that was before the tumultuous events of last November, when, in rapid-fire
succession, the world learned that Sandusky - the defensive coordinator for
Paterno's two national-championship teams - was accused of molesting 10 young
boys; that Paterno learned of the issue in 2002, raising questions of whether he
did enough to stop him; and finally the abrupt decision by PSU trustees to fire
the coach before the end of the 2011 season.

That shock hadn't subsided when it was revealed that Paterno was suffering from
lung cancer and undergoing chemotherapy. Complications from those treatments led
to Paterno's rapid decline and finally his death yesterday. In a grim echo of
Alabama's Bryant, he passed away just 64 days after his coaching career ended.

The outside world last saw Paterno in images from a Washington Post interview
published last weekend - frail, in a wheelchair and telling reporter Sally
Jenkins in a raspy, barely audible voice: "I wish I had done more."

Before he died, some online critics questioned whether Paterno had fully grasped
the entire story of Virgil's Aeneas, which included the hero's ruthless violence
and increasing pridefulness as he clung to the powerful empire he created. Wrote
essayist John Lessingham on the website N+1: "It turns out, Virgil teaches us,
that pietas" - or piety - "can legitimize savagery."

But most who knew Paterno are confident that both his good works - cast in
brick-and-mortar across Happy Valley - and his good ideas about life and
learning will long outlive the sad images of the last two months.

And that a poet named Virgil had provided the kid from Brooklyn a mature
understanding of the struggle between fate and doing the right thing.

Wrote Paterno himself in his autobiography: "The winds of fate can turn you
around, run you aground, sink you, and sometimes you can't do a thing about it.
You can commit yourself to accomplishing a goal, doing something good, winning a
game. Just to make that commitment to something you believe in is winning - even
if you lose the game."

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday
                                  WEB Edition

A hero's life, a mortal's end: JoePa s 'grand experiment'

BYLINE: BY WILL BUNCH; bunchw@phillynews.com

SECTION: WEB; P-com Spt. Colleges; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 1181 words



IN 1943, the Jesuit priest who taught Latin at Brooklyn Prep introduced a
book-loving 17-year-old kid named Joe Paterno to the Roman epic that would
change his life: Virgil's Aeneid.

But the young Paterno - whose ability to throw a football as adeptly as he
translated Latin earned him a scholarship to the Ivy League's Brown University -
did more than merely fall in love with the heroic exploits of Aeneas, who
preached duty and battled the fates to build an "empire without end."

With his disarming mix of a lofty diploma and Brooklyn-bred blue-collar grit,
Paterno showed up in the central nowhere of Pennsylvania in 1950 seemingly
determined - perhaps unconsciously, perhaps not - to reinvent both the exploits
and the ideals of the ancient Roman hero, but on the modern battlefield of
football.

The tumultuous last plot twists and tortured final days of Paterno - who
succumbed this morning in a State College hospital to lung cancer at age 85 -
left little doubt that the remarkable life of the winningest coach in major
college history was an epic for a new millennium, worthy of the classic poets.

But will Paterno's odyssey be remembered for its long trail of heroic exploits
that included not just gridiron glory but his one-of-a-kind commitment to the
philosophy of the scholar-athlete? Or did the final shock of the child-sex-abuse
scandal of his longtime assistant Jerry Sandusky rewrite the ending as a Greek
tragedy, its hero undone by the prideful flaw of hubris?

Paterno and his huge following never doubted that his approach to both football
and life encapsulated ancient virtues of honor, channeling the brutality of war
into sport.

"The adventures of Aeneas seeped into far corners of my mind, into my feelings
about what is true and honorable and important," Paterno wrote in his 1989
autobiography. "They helped shape everything I have since become" - including
his insistence on keeping his Nittany Lions in plain blue-and-white uniforms
with no name on the back.

Paterno became head coach at Penn State in 1966, just in time for the flood of
upwardly mobile Baby Boomers who swelled America's public campuses, and he built
on undefeated seasons in 1968 and 1969 to practically invent a new world in
which the communal values of football became the vessel for a diverse university
to unite in common purpose.

He pulled that off not only because his teams won Saturday after Saturday but
because he supported it with an appealing philosophy that he called "the Grand
Experiment" - which he called "first-class football played by students who put
first-class lives first." Throughout his 45-year tenure as head coach, he backed
that up as Penn State footballers ranked consistently at or near the top of the
NCAA list of programs and their graduation rates.

His coaching pride on the sidelines appeared to be matched by his modesty off
the field - the simple ranch house with the listed phone number, the unstylish
Coke-bottle glasses and the white socks under black shoes.

In the years when the victories - including, finally, a national championship in
1982 and again in 1986 - piled up and fans in the ever-expanding Beaver Stadium
easily could have forgotten "the Grand Experiment," Paterno - usually with his
wife, Sue, by his side - doubled down on books. In 1997, the couple gave a
whopping $3.5 million to endow faculty chairs and build an interfaith spiritual
center on campus, and they raised millions more to expand the library.

Yet his love of the classics never measured up to his love of leading the
Nittany Lions. As the legend grew and the thick-glasses visage of "JoePa"
practically became the face of Pennsylvania itself - immortalized from coffee
mugs to "Peachy Paterno" ice cream - the coach could not imagine any kind of
life for himself away from the sidelines.

In 2008, CBS sportscaster Brent Musberger said that his friend Paterno was
haunted by the specter of college football's rival coaching giant of the 1960s
and 1970s, Alabama's Bear Bryant, who retired in 1982 and died of a massive
heart attack 29 days later.

"He is a man that doesn't fish, doesn't play golf . . . he has no other interest
other than his family and football," Musberger said in 2008. "And he's just
afraid what would happen with the rest of his life if he walks away from it."

Penn State tackle Donovan Smith, recruited last year by Paterno, wrote on
Twitter that the coach became even more blunt, telling him, "I'm afraid to stop
coaching because I'll die."

Even as Paterno approached sainthood among Penn State's ever-growing rolls of
alumni and students, there were the nagging naysayers who wondered whether
Paterno's protection of both his job security and the Penn State image was
starting to overtake "the Grand Experiment."

Complained a Penn State instructor and program critic, John Swinton: "In this
town, he's a demigod, and what goes with that is that you excuse him from
scrutiny." The campus disciplinarian quit in 2007 after Paterno's insistence on
handling problems with his players his own way.

And that was before the tumultuous events of last November, when, in rapid-fire
succession, the world learned that Sandusky - the defensive coordinator for
Paterno's two national championships - was accused of molesting 10 young boys;
that Paterno learned of the issue in 2002, raising questions of whether he did
enough to stop him; and finally the abrupt decision by PSU trustees to fire the
coach before the end of the 2011 season.

That shock hadn't subsided when it was revealed that Paterno was suffering from
lung cancer and undergoing chemotherapy; it was complications from those
treatments that led to Paterno's rapid decline and finally his death. In a grim
echo of Alabama's Bryant, he passed away just 64 days after his coaching career
ended.

The outside world last saw Paterno in images from a Washington Post interview
published last weekend - frail, in a wheelchair and telling reporter Sally
Jenkins in a raspy, barely audible voice: "I wish I had done more."

Before he died, some online critics questioned whether Paterno had fully grasped
the entire story of Virgil's Aeneas, which included the hero's ruthless violence
and increasing pridefulness as he clung to the powerful empire he created. Wrote
essayist John Lessingham on the website N+1: "It turns out, Virgil teaches us,
that pietas" - or piety - "can legitimize savagery."

But most who knew Paterno are confident that both his good works - cast in
brick-and-mortar across Happy Valley - and his good ideas about life and
learning will long outlive the sad images of the last two months.

And that a poet named Virgil had provided the kid from Brooklyn a mature
understanding of the struggle between fate and doing the right thing.

Wrote Paterno himself in his autobiography: "The winds of fate can turn you
around, run you aground, sink you, and sometimes you can't do a thing about it.
You can commit yourself to accomplishing a goal, doing something good, winning a
game. Just to make that commitment to something you believe in is winning - even
if you lose the game."

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 1, 2006 Saturday

SUNDAY

BYLINE: Henrietta Walmark

SECTION: GLOBE TELEVISION; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 769 words


PICK OF THE DAY

Great Performances: Garrison Keillor's Independence Day Special: A Prairie Home
Companion at Tanglewood

PBS, 9 p.m.

After writing an article for The New Yorker about Nashville's Grand Ole Opry,
Garrison Keillor developed an idea for a radio show with musical guests and
commercials for imaginary products, and on July 6, 1974, Keillor hosted the
first live broadcast of A Prairie Home Companion. Today, the show is heard by
over four million listeners each week over America's National Public Radio
network, and last month the much-loved series made it to the silver screen in
Robert Altman's movie adaptation. Tonight, the program's Independence Day
weekend radio broadcast from Tanglewood will be telecast to a primetime TV
audience, with Keillor and series regulars Sue Scott, Tim Russell, Tom Keith and
Guy's All-Star Shoe Band joined by special guests the Hopeful Gospel Quartet,
the Wailin' Jennys, and Meryl Streep.

DRAMA

Blackbeard: The Real Pirate of the Caribbean

Discovery, 8 p.m.

It doesn't have Johnny Depp, but if pirates shiver your timbers, this two-hour
BBC docudrama set during the golden age of piracy is a promising treasure. The
film revels in the exploits of all manner of scandalous 18th-century scallywags,
pirates and rogues that inspired legendary tales. One of the most notorious of
the rapscallions was the fearsome Edward Teach, known as Blackbeard. This
compelling life and times adventure dramatizes the dreaded ruffian's reign of
terror and reveals why he continues to be so renowned generations after his
death.

NEWS & DOCS

Nature: Condition Black

PBS, 8 p.m.

Once-in-a-century oceanic conditions summoned the surfing elite from several
continents to Waimea Bay on Oahu, Hawaii, in January 1998, as colossal waves up
to 40 feet high surged over the beaches in unstoppable procession. By
mid-morning, the Coast Guard and Hawaiian Civil Defense had issued a rare
proclamation: "Condition Black. No one goes into the water." But a handful of
the world's most intrepid surfers and their Jet Ski towing partners defied the
warning and this doc follows their exploits.

P.O.V.: No More Tears Sister

PBS, 11 p.m.

P.O.V. kicks off its 19th season with this tale of love, revolution and
betrayal. Set during the violent ethnic conflict that has enveloped Sri Lanka
over decades, the documentary recreates the courageous and vibrant life of
renowned human rights activist Dr. Rajani Thiranagama, who was assassinated at
the age of 35. The film is narrated by Canadian author Michael Ondaatje (The
English Patient) who was born in Sri Lanka.

MOVIES

Shania: A Life in Eight Albums (2005)

CBC, 8 p.m.

If you missed its debut last fall, or are just a die-hard Shania fan, this is
your chance to live through the many Northern Ontario hills and valleys that
stood between Eilleen Twain and stardom. There's the tragic death of her parents
(devoted stage mom is Megan Follows), her big break on The Tommy Hunter Show,
all the way through the cesspool of Nashville and into the arms of the man who
would shoot her to stardom and father her child.

It Could Happen to You (1994)

Family, 9 p.m.

Nicolas Cage is a working-stiff everyman who does right by the world when he
comes through on a promise to share his lottery winnings with a waitress
(Bridget Fonda) he couldn't afford to tip. Of course, at first he thinks of ways
to get out of his promise; and he has a scheming wife (Rosie Perez) who throws
up a few obstacles. But the goodness of humankind (even when the odds seem
lottery-sized) does its best to keep nudging optimism back into the picture.

Full listings: P.6-8

OTHER

Tour de France OLN, 8:30 a.m.

Last year, American cyclist Lance Armstrong retired on top, having won his
seventh consecutive yellow jersey. Find out who will succeed Armstrong as Stage
1 of the grueling 23-day race - which includes only two rest days - covering
nearly 3,600 kilometres gets underway today. Daily coverage begins each day at
8:30 a.m. with a one-hour recap airing each evening at 8 p.m.

Sports Disasters

TLC, 4 p.m.

Two hours of back-to-back episodes of Sports Disasters begin with Over the Edge
and a harrowing ordeal for drag racer Don Gay Jr. as he hits the wall and his
car catches fire; also featured are rodeo mishaps and a skydive gone wrong.
Extreme Danger (5 p.m.)

features a car race that turns deadly, whale watching that's a bit too close for
comfort, a base jump gone bad, and an incredible speedboat accident. And if you
still haven't had enough, there's another hour of mayhem with 99 Most Bizarre:
Stunt Disasters at 6 p.m.

SPORTS: SEE P.9

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

5 highest-paying bug bounty programmes

LENGTH: 616 words



HIGHLIGHT: List: You can make $500,000 through ethical hacking if you know what
to look for.


Who discovers a vulnerability first can make a big difference to the outcome. If
a hacker is the first to find something, it can be incredibly lucrative for them
if they manage to exploit it for financial gain.

Knowing this, tech companies have taken Ford's example and offered rewards to
anybody who can help them solve problems.

Here are the five biggest paying programmes currently out there.





Apple announced at the Black Hat conference that it was launching a programme
worth up to $200,000.

The programme is currently open only to researchers who have previously made
valuable bug disclosures to Apple.

It will be invite-only for the time being but is expected to expand to other
researchers in time.

The top rewards will be given for boot firmware components.

Flaws that could allow extraction of confidential information protected by the
Secure Enclave could reward up to $100,000.

Eligibility is based on the quality of the report, including proof-of-concept,
and the clarity of the report and the novelty of the problem.



Facebook's programme, which covers all of its services including Instagram and
Messenger, was launched on 29 July 2011.

As of February Facebook had paid out more than $4.3 million to researchers as
part of its bug bounty programme. This covered over 2,400 valid submissions
submitted by over 800 researchers around the world.

For the whole of 2015, the team classified 102 bug bounty submissions as high
impact, an increase of 38 percent over 2014.

The largest single pay-out was to Reginaldo Silva, who was rewarded $33,500 for
discovering an XML external entities vulnerability.



Microsoft launched its bug bounty programme in late 2013, and has paid out over
$500,000.

The most lucrative categories are the Bounty for Defense, which allows security
researchers to "submit a technical white paper to describe a defensive idea that
could effectively block a mitigation bypass technique", and the Mitigation
Bypass Bounty.

Qualifying submissions will receive up to $100,000 USD, depending on the quality
and uniqueness of the idea.



Exodus Intelligence, a Texas-based security firm, announced its programme mere
days after Apple announced its first ever bug bounty programme.

Contributors of certain types of bugs or exploits could receive up to $500,000
as part of the Research Sponsorship Program (RSP).

The initial Zero-Day hitlist includes a maximum bounty of $500,000 for Apple iOS
exploits and $125,000 for Microsoft Edge exploits.

Through Exodus's website, registered users can view the Zero-Day and N-Day
hitlists, which show the available bounties for each vulnerability type.



Since Android does not have the same reputation for security as Apple due to its
open architecture, it is in Google's interests to find vulnerabilities in the
operating system as quickly as possible.

The Android Security Rewards are the main public-facing inlet for these
vulnerabilities.

Google specifies that the size of the reward depends on the severity of the
vulnerability and the quality of the report.

The reward increases with the quality of the report, with proof of concepts,
crash dumps, CTS tests and patches bolstering the value.

A critical vulnerability with a good report could pay up to $8000, while a poor
report for a low-severity vulnerability could pay in the hundreds.

Google also pays larger amounts, into the tens of thousands, for functional
exploits. $50,000 is the prize for an exploit or chain of exploits leading to
TEE (TrustZone) or Verified Boot compromise from a remote or proximal attack
vector.

Google adds that the final reward remains at the discretion of the reward panel.

Google also offers to donate the reward to charity, doubling it if this option
is chosen.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            March 25, 2009 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

DEFEATED CHIEF JUSTICE THWARTED REAGAN

BYLINE: John Nichols

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; JOHN NICHOLS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 963 words


As another serious race for Wisconsin Supreme Court winds down, Chief Justice
Shirley Abrahamson appears to be finishing strong. That is as it should be;
Abrahamson is an exceptionally talented, engaged and energetic jurist whose
record leaves little serious opening for a challenger - even one so aggressive
as Jefferson County Judge Randy Koschnick - to exploit.

Abrahamson has run scared this year. It's not so much because of anything
Koschnick has done; rather, the chief justice and her supporters remain
unsettled by the memory of the 2008 Supreme Court contest. That race saw an able
justice, Louis Butler, defeated by a ridiculous opponent, Michael Gableman,
whose willingness to exploit crude racial stereotypes combined with the support
of a sleazy campaign by the Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce business lobby to
produce a narrow win for a lamentable candidate.

Butler's defeat was the first for a sitting Wisconsin Supreme Court justice in
more than four decades.

Only one chief justice has ever been defeated for re-election: George Currie,
who lost a bitter 1967 contest in which issues of religion, race and baseball
were factors.

Currie, who was appointed to the court by Republican Gov. Walter Kohler in 1951,
was described by one of his colleagues as "the prime intellect on the court."
Former Chief Justice Nathan Heffernan said of Currie, who played a critical role
in developing both the Wisconsin Judicial Conference and the Code of Judicial
Ethics, "It is not an exaggeration to say that it was George Currie who brought
the Wisconsin court system out of the dark ages."

Despite the respect he inspired, Currie was vulnerable in 1967 on a number of
fronts.

For one thing, he was just three years away from the court's former mandatory
retirement age of 70, which meant that Currie would not be able to serve the
full 10-year term he was seeking.

More damaging, however, was the fact that the chief justice had written and
joined in some of the court's most controversial decisions. In 1962, Currie
penned the Supreme Court decision striking down a state law that was to have
provided state aid for the transportation of parochial school students.
Legislators had justified the law as a public safety measure designed to protect
children who might be harmed walking to and from school along country roads and
urban streets. But Currie wrote that it violated Wisconsin's strict
constitutional prohibition on the expenditure of public dollars for the benefit
of religious institutions.

Democrats in the Legislature, who favored the transportation aid scheme, wrote a
constitutional amendment to allow it. And the vote on that amendment coincided
with the April 1967 vote on Currie's re-election. The referendum drew a large
turnout, especially in the heavily Catholic precincts on the south side of
Milwaukee, and Currie fared poorly.

The chief justice also took a hit in Milwaukee because of his support for a
Supreme Court ruling that the state could not use an antitrust law to keep the
old Milwaukee Braves baseball team from leaving the state.

At a time when Milwaukee was experiencing turbulent debates over open housing,
school integration and a number of other civil rights issues, Currie was also
hurt by the fact that supporters of his challenger, Judge Robert Hansen,
highlighted the fact that Hansen was a former national president of the
Fraternal Order of Eagles, an all-white organization that had been the target of
civil rights protests.

Hansen surfed a wave of resentment and backlash to victory that April. But
Currie did not shrink from public life after his defeat.

In fact, the former chief justice went on to stir even greater controversy. He
was appointed by President Richard Nixon to lead the investigation commission of
the old Office of Economic Opportunity, which had been led early in Nixon's
tenure by a fellow named Donald Rumsfeld with assistance from a former
UW-Madison graduate student named Dick Cheney. The OEO was in a bitter dispute
over funding of legal-aid programs for farmworkers in California. The state's
conservative governor, Ronald Reagan, had tried to block federal support for the
California Rural Legal Assistance Program. Reagan charged, among other things,
that lawyers for the program had assisted the defense of Angela Davis, the
University of California at Los Angeles professor whose radical activism had
made her a target of Reagan's official and political ire.

Currie led his fellow commissioners in rejecting Reagan's charges as absurd and
in urging Nixon to override the California governor and fund the program, which
the American Bar Association had concluded was one of the most effective and
successful legal-aid initiatives in the country. Reagan's response was to
dismiss Wisconsinite Currie as a "radical from a radical state." Nixon sided
with the commission and Reagan ultimately backed down. Currie's battle with
Reagan cleared the way for the California Rural Legal Assistance Program to
achieve important breakthroughs in the struggle for equal protection under the
law for migrant laborers.

So it was that, even in defeat, the former chief justice of the Wisconsin
Supreme Court was a definitional player in the legal affairs not just of our
state - where he served as a Dane County reserve judge and a labor arbitrator
and was voted the outstanding teacher of the year by students at the University
of Wisconsin Law School - but the nation.

Shirley Abrahamson would, undoubtedly, continue to contribute in remarkable ways
as a former chief justice.

But, like Currie in 1967, she would prefer to remain on the Wisconsin Supreme
Court.

And there is every good reason to believe that Wisconsin voters, showing greater
wisdom than they did 42 years ago or one year ago, will grant the chief her
wish.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  John Nichols is the associate editor of The Capital Times.
jnichols@madison.com

GRAPHIC: File Photo George Currie was defeated in his 1967 bid for re-election
to the Wisconsin Supreme Court, but continued to be a definitional player in the
legal affairs of both the state and the nation.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           November 27, 2005, Sunday

Clucking over the chick-lit label Author of 'The Girls' Guide to Hunting and
Fishing' visits F&M with new book

BYLINE: BOOKS/Jo-Ann Greene

SECTION: P; Pg. 05

LENGTH: 465  words


Jo-Ann Greene Sunday News Book Editor jgreene@lnpnews.com Those who delighted in
Melissa Bank's entertaining debut novel, "The Girls' Guide to Hunting and
Fishing,'' may experience deja-vu reading her new book, "The Wonder Spot.''
Though separated by six years, both are written in interconnected-story form and
have rather hapless protagonists who could be soul sisters. Jane Rosenal and
Sophie Applebaum, daughters of a doctor and a judge, respectively, both enter
their stories as wisecracking adolescents who view their brothers' romantic
exploits with wary eyes.

Both head to New York City to work in publishing, but neither really connects
with work. Both find their real interest is in their own romantic exploits.
Sound like chick lit? You can ask Bank, who will read her fiction at 8 p.m
Thursday, Dec. 1, in the Green Room Theatre at Franklin & Marshall College. But
be forewarned: Chick lit is not a term the author likes to have applied to her
work. In an online interview with an Amazon.com editor, Bank said, "I think the
term is intended to be denigrating, and it is denigrating. It means, 'Here's a
book by a chick about a chick for chicks --nothing more.'" Asked if she reads
much in that genre, Banks said, "No, because I try not to read anything that
might be similar in any way to what I'm trying to write." Call it what you will,
"What I appreciate are her wit and smarts and the narrator's,'' said Patricia O'
Hara, F&M English professor who has helped arrange her friend's visit to campus.
Publishers Weekly, which gave "The Wonder Spot" a starred review, said, "This
isn't just another urban chick-lit bildungsroman,'' citing its "intriguing"
exploration of such situations as a grandmother's change for the better as
senility sets in and a brother's distancing turn toward Orthodox Judasim after
his marriage. "Engrossing, engaging -- it's a wonderful return for Bank."
Booklist praised the restraint of "The Wonder Spot": "Bank resists the urge to
overromanticize modern-day relationships, recognizing the ordinary, mundane side
of life and love." (That's a clue that the ending isn't as patently happy as
that of "Girls' Guide.") The first book mocked a guidebook to landing a man
known as "The Rules.'' The conceit in "The Wonder Spot" is less obvious. The
jacket flap tries to make a case for a diner named The Wonder Spot and Sophie's
insights into herself, but it's a bit of a reach. The book succeeds mainly on
Bank's ability to draw lifelike characters. Bank's F&M presentation is free and
open to the public, and her books are available through the F&M bookstore.
"Melissa's a great presence, she reads marvelously,'' O'Hara said, adding that
the author will sign books after her talk. For more information, e-mail Whitney
M. Trump at whitney.trump@fandm.edu.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Call it what you will, Melissa Bank's fiction is entertaining and
engaging, thanks to her characterization skills. This photo of the author
appears on the jacket of her latest book from Viking, "The Wonder Spot."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              610 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              July 7, 2014 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

In UFC, there's Rousey and rest

BYLINE: Ben Fowlkes, @BenFowlkesMMA, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 541 words


Ask Ultimate Fighting Championship President Dana White who could beat
undefeated women's bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey, and the answer  is a
perplexing mix of anybody and nobody.

"This is a chick that could leave this building, walk down the Las Vegas Strip
and wreck every guy on the Strip," White said after Rousey's 16-second
destruction of Canadian challenger Alexis Davis at UFC 175 on Saturday.

White added later, "Anybody on any given day can beat anybody if they're on the
top of their game. ... You never know what can happen when two people start
throwing punches and putting their hands on each other."

That about sums it up  with the most dominant champion in women's mixed martial
arts. Her greatest, and maybe only, adversary within the current  UFC is the
inherent uncertainty of human events.

She could lose because, hey, anybody could lose. If you're playing the odds,
however -- and the oddsmakers  pegged Rousey (10-0 MMA, 4-0 UFC) a 20-1 favorite
over Davis at one point -- you'd be a fool to bet against her.

That leaves the UFC with a vexing proposition: Now what?

While it might be fun on occasion to see Rousey dispatch challengers in less
time than it takes to microwave a Hot Pocket, it's doubtful  fans will keep
paying for it indefinitely.

What Rousey needs is a challenge worthy of her abilities.

The best bet on the current roster is Cat Zingano (8-0, 1-0), who became the top
contender with a victory by technical knockout against former Strikeforce
champion Miesha Tate in April 2013. But before Zingano could cash in on her
title shot, a knee injury sidelined her. According to White, she might need to
win another fight once she returns in order to reclaim her spot in line.

That leaves the UFC with two viable options outside the organization. The first
is former boxing champion and bantamweight sensation Holly Holm (7-0), with whom
the UFC is said to be making progress after a difficult start to contract
negotiations. Holm has the striking skills to exploit the weakest area of
Rousey's game, though that doesn't necessarily mean she'll be able to keep the
two-time Olympic judoka at bay long enough to exploit the advantage.

Then there's Cristiane "Cyborg" Justino (12-1), a hulking Brazilian who carries
baggage of her own.  There are questions about whether she could drop to 135
pounds from her usual fighting weight of 145 pounds and how long she'd be able
to sustain such a dramatic physical change. There's also a failed drug test for
steroids  in 2011 that gives White pause, especially at a time when the UFC has
come under a microscope after a string of high-profile doping controversies.

There's also the fact that, according to White, the UFC already offered Justino
a contract and was turned down.

"You either want to try and come in and be the world champion or you don't,"
White said after UFC 175. "I mean, it's fun to talk about all this stuff, but
the reality is a whole other ballgame."

The reality is also that the UFC has a breakout star in Rousey, but it's rapidly
running out of contenders who can put up a fight worth seeing. While she might
be the greatest thing to happen to the female side of the sport, even Rousey
can't get by for long as a one-woman show.

Fowlkes writes for MMAjunkie.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Stephen R. Sylvanie, USA TODAY Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                                 July 30, 2010

AirTight defends Wi-Fi WPA2 'vulnerability' claim;
A "publicity stunt?" Major threat? Or easily contained?

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1208 words


Executives at AirTight are defending their description of a little-known
"vulnerability" in the 802.11 standard in theface of criticism following their
demonstration of a Wi-Fi exploit at the Black Hat security conference. One WLAN
vendor called the claim a "publicity stunt."

Others are saying the attack, which can only be mounted by an internal
authorized WLAN user, is so limited in scope that it would be easier for an
attacker to just use the unattended computer in a neighbor's cubicle or even
bribe a fellow employee to access data.

WiFi WPA2 vulnerability FAQ  "What those limitations really mean is that 'YES'
there are much easier ways to get the data," says Jennifer Jabbusch, chief
information security officer, Carolina Advanced Digital, a Cary, N.C. IT
services company. "In a scenario like this, that data is most likely (more than
99.9% likely) to be [already] unencrypted on the wire. In addition to that, the
close physical proximity [required] would mean an attacker could also just as
easily walk over to the victim's machine and load a tool to collect data while
they're at lunch or getting a soda in the break room. The wireless attack is
'going around your butt to get to your elbow,' as we say in the South."

She analyzed the AirTight exploit previously in her SecurityUncorked blog.  WLAN
vendor Aruba Networks issued its own analysis, by Robbie Gill of the company's
engineering department, which concluded, "The attack scenario described by
AirTight is well known and old news - it was, in short, a publicity stunt."

Yesterday's detailed demonstration at Black Hat Arsenal, a demo area associated
with the Black Hat info security conference, confirmed nearly all of the details
that Jabbusch and others had been expecting. [See: "Wi-Fi WPA2 vulnerability
FAQ".] It did little to convince observers that the exploit constituted a
serious threat to enterprise wireless LAN security.  AirTight, which markets the
SpectraGuard wireless intrusion prevention software, late last week revealed it
had uncovered a vulnerability in the IEEE 802.11 specification, but released
only a few details.  There are two components of the attack. The first uses what
AirTight now alternately refers to as a "vulnerability" or a "limitation" in the
802.11 specification: a shared encryption key called the group temporal key
(GTK), shared by all clients connected to the same access point, can't detect an
address spoofing attempt (the pairwise keys, which are used to scramble data
between a given client and the access point, can).

In AirTight's exploit, an attacker uses the GTK to impersonate the access point,
and in essence convince another client - attached to the same access point and
to the same BSSID - to accept a new default router destination, a well-known
technique called Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) spoofing or poisoning. The
victim then sends traffic to the bona fide access point, which forwards it to
the attacker masquerading as the default router.

"The subtle point (that many people seem to miss) about exploiting the GTK in
WPA2 for launching an ARP Spoofing attack is that the footprint of the attack is
only in the air and the payload is encrypted," says Kaustubh Phanse, principal
wireless architect at AirTight. "So no wire-side security solution is ever going
to catch this attack over WPA2, nor will existing APs see anything abnormal.
Even a wireless IPS will not catch this attack, unless it has the smartness of
detecting the anomalous behavior exhibited over the air."

Phanse says that although the GTK limitation is clear in the specification "its
implication -- that inter-user data privacy is inherently absent in WPA2 -- is
not obvious to the user community at large....Given that in a WPA2-secured
network, all packets over the air are using the strong AES encryption, the
common [mis]understanding is that no other user [including an authorized user]
should be able to decrypt and steal data from another authorized user. And it
was important to debunk this misconception and create awareness among the users
who are relying on WPA2 to protect their Wi-Fi users."

He has a point, according to some. "Since by definition use of WPA2 means all
wireless transport is encrypted, then all insider attacks are encrypted over the
WLAN," says John Pescatore, a vice president at Gartner who specializes in
network security.

"Where they stay off the wired LAN, wired side network security does not see.
That's why there is a need for WLAN IPS..."

Not everyone is buying AirTight's position.

Aerohive's Matthew Gast, who's also chairman of the Wi-Fi Alliance's Technical
Security Working Group, argues in a post on the company's blog, where he quotes
from several places in the IEEE standard, that to call this a "little known
vulnerability" is an overstatement. "[I]t's hardly a secret that the GTK does
not provide source address authentication," he insists.

"It is not clear why the AirTight attack conducts ARP poisoning by encrypting
the ARP frame with GTK and directly sending it to the victim bypassing the AP,"
according to Aruba's Gill.

Gill says that if access-point-based countermeasures such as client isolation,
where the AP prevents clients attached to it from communicating with each other,
and IP-ARP spoofing prevention are missing, then the AirTight attacker could
carry out the attack through the access point itself, and trick all the attached
clients. If these countermeasures are present, and the AirTight attacker uses
GTK to bypass them on the access point, the countermeasures will prevent the
victim from reaching the fake default router, so the attack won't be successful,
Gill argues.

"My feeling is: yes, there is a vulnerability; no, it's not a significant
threat, especially to corporate resources," says CAD's Jabbusch. "The only
reason I can see [for] jumping through these hoops [as an attacker] is to grab
non-corporate (private) data the victim may be passing. Again, that would still
be limited to unencrypted Web traffic."

Wireless LAN vendors differ in whether, or to what degree, their products can
mitigate this attack.

"When the victim and client are on the same SSID on the same AP, [then] Aerohive
HiveAPs are vulnerable in certain configurations - just like everybody else,"
says AeroHive Vice President of Product Management and Technical Marketing Adam
Conway. "If a customer has peer-to-peer policy enforcement configured on our AP
or clients are on other SSIDs, then they are invulnerable in our product today -
this is not the case for all vendors today."

"The Xirrus Array already has tools in place to mitigate this vulnerability,"
says Alan Amrod, vice president of marketing at Xirrus. "The Xirrus Array has
station-to-station blocking and ARP filtering features that eliminate ARP
poisoning and man-in-the middle attacks on both the wired and wireless sides of
the network. These features are already in use by a majority of our customers."

Aruba says its access points also enable client isolation, and in addition have
the ability to block IP and ARP spoofing "by keeping track of MAC address and IP
address bindings of all WLAN clients."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwBlog RSS feed



LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2010 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

Camden County, New Jersey, Man Arraigned On Child Pornography, Sexual
Exploitation Charges

LENGTH: 510  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, District of New Jersey has issued the
following news release:



  A Camden County, New Jersey, man was arraigned today on an indictment returned
last week by a federal grand jury in Camden for allegedly possessing and
distributing images of child sex abuse and also for conspiring to sexually
exploit two minor children, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.





 Alexander Capasso, 42, of Collingswood, New Jersey, appeared before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Karen M. Williams and was detained without bail.



 According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:



 Capasso was originally charged by complaint in July 2015 by the Washington,
D.C., U.S. Attorney's Office with receiving and distributing images of child
pornography after having sent several images of child pornography to an
undercover law enforcement officer. The case was transferred to the District of
New Jersey by the filing of a complaint in November 2015. The indictment
returned last week charges one count of conspiracy to sexually exploit two minor
children, five counts of distribution of images of child pornography and one
count of possession of additional images of child pornography. Capasso has been
held in federal custody since his July 20, 2015 arrest.



 In July 2015, Capasso answered an ad placed by an undercover officer and began
a series of communications by which Capasso sought sexually explicit images of
children from the officer and sent images containing child pornographic images
to the officer. As a result of the communications, federal agents obtained a
search warrant for Capasso's home and seized various electronic media containing
numerous additional images and videos of child sexual abuse. Included among
those images were photographs and videos of two minor children manufactured by
Capasso and his ex-girlfriend in southern New Jersey.



 The count of conspiracy to sexually exploit children carries a mandatory
minimum penalty of 15 years in prison, a maximum potential penalty of 30 years
in prison and a $250,000 fine.  The distribution of child pornography counts
each carry a mandatory minimum penalty of five years in prison, a maximum
possible penalty of 20 years in prison and fine of $250,000 per count. The count
of possession of child pornography carries a maximum penalty of 10 years in
prison and a $250,000.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, Philadelphia
Division, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge William Sweeney, and
the Washington, D.C., Field Office, under the direction of Assistant Director in
Charge Paul M. Abbate, with the investigation leading to the charges.



 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Diana Carrig of the
U.S. Attorney's Office in Camden.



 The charges and allegations contained in the indictment are merely accusations,
and the defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 8, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Portland Sex Trafficker Sentenced to 204 Months in Federal Prison

LENGTH: 331  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Keith Lawrence McMurray, 32, of Portland, Oregon, was sentenced to 204 months in
prison today by United States District Judge Marco A. Hernandez for sex
trafficking a 17-year-old Beaverton girl. On September 4, 2013, McMurray pleaded
guilty to one count of sex trafficking a minor. Upon release from custody,
McMurray will serve a 10-year period of supervised release. During his
supervised release, he must abide by a number of conditions, including
registration as a sex offender.

"Sex trafficking a minor continues to be a huge concern for this community,"
said U.S. Attorney Amanda Marshall. "Young girls and boys in our community are
preyed upon for commercial sex and are used by traffickers as simply a way to
gain money. We will continue to prosecute aggressively anyone who exploits,
aids, or recruits our children into this dark world."

In imposing the 204-month sentence, Judge Hernandez noted that defendant's
objectification of the victim was extremely concerning.

The government alleged that McMurray recruited the victim into prostitution when
she was 17 years old. He used various prostitution websites to advertise the
minor and even posed as a customer in order to promote her on one of the
websites. In addition, McMurray filmed sex acts with her during the time she was
a minor. All this was done while the defendant was on post-prison supervision.

This case stemmed from a coordinated investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation's (FBI) Child Exploitation Task Force and Multnomah County Parole
and Probation. The FBI's Child Exploitation Task Force marshals federal, state,
and local resources to better locate, apprehend, and prosecute individuals who
exploit children through sex trafficking, as well as to identify and rescue
victims. The case was prosecuted by Special Assistant U.S. Attorney J.R.
Ujifusa.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          September 28, 2011 Wednesday

Cyprus spokesman says hydrocarbon exploration not related to Cyprus talks

LENGTH: 368 words


Text of report in English by Greek Cypriot news agency CNA

Nicosia, Sep 27 (CNA) - The issue of hydrocarbon exploration has nothing to do
with the negotiations for a Cyprus settlement, Government Spokesman Stephanos
Stephanou [Stefanos Stefanou] stressed here today, commenting on statements made
earlier today by the Special Adviser of the Secretary-General, Alexander Downer
that the UN could mediate in the issue if requested to do so by the two sides in
Cyprus.

In statements after a Cabinet meeting, the Spokesman said that "the
interlocutors in the direct talks are the two communities of Cyprus, the issue
of exploration and exploitation of any natural resources is a sovereign right of
the Republic of Cyprus, exercised always within the framework of international
legality."

Turkey, whose troops occupy Cyprus' northern part since they invaded in 1974,
does not recognise the Republic of Cyprus. Following a decision by Nicosia to
begin natural gas and oil exploration in its exclusive economic zone, Ankara has
deployed warships in the Eastern Mediterranean and has signed an illegal
agreement with the Turkish Cypriot regime in occupied Cyprus to delineate what
it calls continental shelf.

Drilling has already begun and is being carried out by Houston-based "Noble
Energy", off Cyprus' south-eastern coast.

The government of Cyprus has protested to the UN and the EU Turkey's moves,
saying it has a sovereign right to exploit its natural resources, pointing out
that Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots will benefit from any benefits that may
come from oil drilling.

Cyprus has signed an agreement to delineate the Exclusive Economic Zone with
Egypt and Israel with a view to exploit any possible natural gas and oil
reserves in its EEZ. A similar agreement has been signed with Lebanon but the
Lebanese Parliament has not yet ratified it.

UN-led talks between the leaders of the two communities in Cyprus are currently
underway in order to reach a negotiated settlement that would reunify the
island.

The leaders of the two communities in Cyprus will meet with UNSG Ban Ki -moon in
October in New York to review progress in the Cyprus talks.

Source: Cyprus News Agency, Nicosia, in English 1655 gmt 27 Sep 11

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday

Gaining inspiration to help the homeless

BYLINE: MIKE MERINO; Special to The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; Views; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 309 words



HIGHLIGHT: Mike Merino


Aside from the inevitable death and taxes, one thing in life is sure: No one,
for any reason, ever grows up wanting to be homeless. With that thought in mind,
my family decided on an early Thanksgiving dinner this year, and as always, it
was a wonderful experience.

Right after the usual turkey day formalities, and for no particular reason, I
decided to drive around the Tampa Bay area for some fresh air and to allow that
third helping of stuffing with gravy to somehow digest.

After about an hour of aimless sightseeing, I found myself in the northernmost
part of downtown Tampa. It was there that I realized I had ended up in front of
the Salvation Army residence facility, and was struck by the overwhelming amount
of homeless individuals standing around every corner.

In plain sight were people of all ages, shapes and sizes - white and black, men,
women and, sadly, children.

The homeless are a very vulnerable group, one, it seems, that someone is always
trying to exploit to push their own agendas. From politicians to advocacy groups
pushing for better funding, even to the day-labor agencies that exploit
desperate people with hard work and poor wages for profit, the homeless always
seem to be the ones in the crossfire.

Local advocacy groups and issues that affect the homeless always seem to be in
the news during the holiday season.

Armed with this experience, and for better or worse, I now find myself in the
position of wanting to be part of the discussion about homelessness in Tampa. I
don't regret that at all - the plight of the homeless is a very personal and
vital discussion for which real solutions seem long overdue.

Many people and local organizations like Metropolitan Ministries have been very
supportive of ongoing efforts to one day eradicate this horrible situation.

Maybe more of us in the Tampa Bay area need to follow suit.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             June 26, 2014 Thursday

Rise of the robots a game-changer

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 877 words


Science fiction is fast becoming reality as robots take their place alongside
human colleagues everywhere from factories to hospitals - a technological shift
a local expert says New Zealand needs to exploit.

Cinema audiences may be more familiar with a scenario where robots turn on their
makers and try to take over the world.

While an army of mutineer robots may still be far-fetched in today"s society, a
world in which humans work alongside and collaborate with them is not. A recent
robotics conference in Boston highlighted a number of leaps the industry had
made over the last few years.

According to Callaghan Innovation ICT national network manager, Jonathan Miller,
who attended the conference, New Zealand is at a pivotal point in benefiting
from the "game changing" technology.

Jonathan Miller.

"The focus [of the conference] really was on what"s the opportunity in the
manufacturing space. And that was the one where I think, if New Zealand adopts
this type of technology quickly, we can get some really big benefits out of it,"
Miller said.

"It"s a massive driver for innovation in the future so I think we should know
what"s going on and what the trends are and be looking to exploit the technology
as it comes up."

One of the key focuses of the conference was on collaborative robotics - robots
working alongside humans.

Previously, industrial robots had been kept separate from humans for safety
reasons. The machines were kept in caged areas or had sensors so that if a human
came too close, the machine would power off.

Miller said this had all changed with a number of advances in the robotics field
which meant that it was safe for them to work alongside humans.

Boston-based robotics company, Rethink Robotics, showcased one such robot at the
conference, affectionately named Baxter, which had been designed specifically to
work collaboratively alongside humans.

Baxter will move slower when it senses humans within a narrow range of itself
and if it did bump into someone it would not cause damage. The robot also had
the ability to sort products based on colour, size and weight.

Baxter from Rethink Robots.

Another major breakthrough for the sector was the ease of programming robots,
which would previously require a roboticist or an electronic engineer but could
now be done by most factory workers.

For smaller New Zealand companies, perhaps the most significant change was the
price decrease in robots. Machines that would previously have cost around
US$500,000 ($576,000), now cost around US$20,000. According to Miller, the
applications robots such as Baxter could have for New Zealand companies were
huge.

"In that price range, robots are suddenly a possibility, and because you can
easily reprogramme them, they could be doing different tasks throughout the day,
which would have been impossible before.

New Zealand [small and medium enterprises] should be trying to adopt this
technology," Miller said.

Although the focus of the conference was centred around manufacturing, robotics
applications for other sectors was also discussed.

In the US, a robotics company called iRobot has developed a machine for use in
hospitals.

The robot is able to autonomously navigate its way around hospitals, and can be
remotely called to different wards at different times.

According to Miller, the robot"s ability to then teleconference will help
connect hospitals and specialists around the country.

"Let"s say you"re New Zealand"s only top surgeon on strokes, and there"s a
patient in Hamilton and you"re in Auckland, you can sit in your office and say I
need to be in ward 17 at 11.30am and the robot will just show up there.

"The doctor can then use a telepresence scheme to take control and look at the
patient and talk to the nurses. It"s going to make things a lot easier," Miller
said.

A number of New Zealand companies had been working well in the robotics field,
with specialist robotics sectors at several New Zealand universities and a
number of research projects underway, however Miller said we needed to be
looking to be fast adopters of new technology and reap the benefits.

>Google in the hunt>

Global web giant Google is making a move to be at the forefront of the robotics
industry, with the release of its self-driving cars just the beginning.

Google spent several billion of its $111.7 billion fortune buying up eight
robotics firms in November and December. It has also bought stakes in several
other robotics and artificial intelligence companies.

Despite Callaghan Innovation ICT national network manager Jonathan Miller"s
jokes about a Google-controlled robot army, several experts in the field are
perplexed by the move, about which Google is keeping quiet.

Miller said the buys were proof that the rapidly evolving field was an area to
watch.

Robots are coming

What is New Zealand doing?

&bull; Rex Bionics - produce exoskeletons to help people in wheelchairs walk
again.

&bull; Invert Robotics - produce robots capable of scaling milk vats to check
welds and flaws in the vats.

&bull; Robotics Plus - produce kiwifruit picking robots.

&bull; The New Zealand Government has offered funding for researchers looking
into robots for the care of the elderly.

&bull; University research into a number of areas including robots for search
and rescue operations.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Mail (South Australia)

                             April 19, 2009 Sunday
                               1 - State Edition

Just don't tell mum Brave soldier stops suicide bomber

BYLINE: JAYA NARAIIN IN LONDON

SECTION: FOREIGN; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 537  words


A SOLDIER who saved the lives of 30 comrades after rugby-tackling a suicide
bomber pleaded to his sister: ``Don't tell mum.''

Sergeant Noel Connolly, 41, saved dozens of colleagues when he threw himself at
the Taliban fanatic as he approached an army base in Afghanistan earlier this
month, it has been revealed.

The bomber was pushing a motorcycle packed with more than 68kg of explosives
towards the base.

Sgt Connolly went to intercept the man and ordered him to stop before spotting a
tell-tale toggle switch attached to the handlebars.

The Royal Marine dived on the bomber, grabbed him by the shirt and managed to
haul him away from the bike.

Sgt Connolly, who is married with two children, modestly never mentioned the
incident to his family until his worried sister Breda wrote to him.

She asked him if the exploits of the then un-named soldier had anything to do
with him and he said: ``Yes, but don't tell mum. She'll only worry.''

In a letter from the front line, Sgt Connolly, 41, wrote: ``Let's just say the
sergeant concerned was from Manchester, about 5ft 7in, with grey hair and
supports Man City. You can do the maths, as the Yanks would say.''

Ms Connolly said her brother rarely talked about his exploits. ``But when I
heard the news that a sergeant had stopped a bomber, I wrote to him and he
admitted it was him,'' she said.

``Our mum is a devout Catholic and has been praying for him every day since he's
been away. Noel wrote to her saying that everything was quiet and he wasn't in
the danger zone because he didn't want to worry her.''

Sgt Connolly, of the 42 Commando group, and his unit were occupying an abandoned
school in Kandahar province when the incident happened.

``I caught a fleeting glimpse of a motorbike,'' he said from the war zone
yesterday.

``He looked lost, a bit suspicious. I grabbed two lads and went to intercept
him. I had no idea if he was the bomber. The only way of finding out was to
challenge him.''

Sgt Connolly said he then stepped onto the road and, speaking in native Pashtu,
ordered the motorcyclist to stop.

``He stalled the bike and fell off, then started pushing it away from us,'' Sgt
Connolly said.

``Eventually he stopped again, straddled it and turned to face us. I closed in
on him and as I got to within 10m I saw a small toggle switch had been fitted to
his handlebars.

``As soon as he went for the toggle I rushed at him. I grabbed him by the front
of his shirt and hauled him off.''

The motorbike's frame was found to contain 68kg of explosives.

``I'm not brave, someone had to stop him,'' Sgt Connolly said.

Ms Connolly said she eventually told their mother, who was surprised and
relieved.

``It was always understood that we wouldn't talk with mum about what he was
doing,'' she said.

``Now that he's coming back from the tour soon, she's learned about it but she
is just very happy he's getting out of there.

``Noel is a true Mancunian. We are so proud of him. He is a Royal Marine through
and through and is dedicated to the job.''

His mother Mary, who has two adult daughters and five sons, said: ``I'm just
happy that he'll be coming home safe.

``I thank God that nothing happened to him. We're so very proud of him.

``We all think he deserves a medal for being so brave.''

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                             March 12, 2004 Friday

BERNALILLO KNOCKS ELKS OUT OF CONTENTION

BYLINE: LEE YOBBI, Photos: Steve Babuljak

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 583 words


ALBUQUERQUE -- They hadn't been able to stop him to that point. The Elks of
Pojoaque switched defenders, defenses and still A.J. Sanchez was as sure as a
sunrise.

The announcer in The Pit told the nearly 15,000 fans that packed the building,
that Mario Torres was replacing Sanchez when the senior fouled out of the
semifinal of Class AAA Boy State Basketball Tournament with 27 seconds left in
the fourth quarter.

Torres substituted for Sanchez.

Replace?

Not even close.

Sanchez scored 36 points and pulled down 17 rebounds in a 94-83 win that sends
the Bernalillo Spartans to the AAA state championship against Lovington. Tip-off
is 2:07 p.m. Saturday.

The Wildcats beat West Las Vegas 84-74 in another semifinal. It's Bernalillo's
first final since 1987. Lovington was the runner-up last season.

"I just never quit on the play," said Sanchez, the 6-foot-3 forward. "I try to
put myself in the best position to rebound. I knew I could exploit a few holes."

Sanchez rebounds 19 shots a game on average. He scores nearly 21 per game. There
have been a lot of holes to exploit this season. The Elks aren't the only team
Sanchez has exposed, just the latest.

Pojoaque (19-12) came into the state tournament as a team that wasn't even
supposed to make it out of District 2AAA. But an upset over two-time state champ
St. Michael's put the Elks in the 2AAA championship, which they lost badly to
West Las Vegas.

With their confidence shaken, they weren't supposed to win in the regional
tournament in a hostile environment in Thoreau -- a four-hour bus trip away.

Pojoaque not only won in the Four Corners, it came back to Albuquerque to play
one of its best halves of the year.

The Elks knocked down nearly everything they looked at in the first quarter, and
led 29-21 after eight minutes in a net-burner. Tony Jacquez, a senior guard for
the Elks put on an exhibition, scoring 19 points in the opening period. Jacquez
stroked three 3s and scored eight of his team's first 10 points.

The Elks were proving they were a hardened, determined group and Bernalillo was
going to have to take the game from them. They Elks were loose and playing with
nothing to lose.

But Bernalillo (22-3) wasn't there by accident. The Spartans went on a 19-11
run, capped by a Kenny Chavez 3-pointer, to take a 42-40 lead with 2:49 left in
the first half. It was Bernalillo first lead since 6-4. It was also a preview of
coming attractions.

Chavez, the senior point guard, drained a shot at the end of the half that might
as well been from his front porch in Bernalillo. Chavez let a 30-footer fly with
1.4 seconds left that was nothing but nylon. It gave Bernalillo a 51-44 lead.

Bernalillo then pulled ahead further on another run to begin the third quarter.
Sanchez had three putbacks in a 14-4 spree that put Bernalillo up by its largest
margin of the game, 65-48.

"We played with them, instead of playing our game," Jacquez, who scored 34
points, said of the second half. "We just couldn't stop A.J. Sanchez."

The Elks wanted to slow the ball down look for some open shots. But Bernalillo
kept pushing the ball and getting it to the rim, where it sank or ended up in
Sanchez's hands.

The Elks had made a lot of new friends leading up to the tournament. The band
wagon heading to Albuquerque was full by Thursday. But the Elks ran into a
better team. One that was on a mission.

"I think the two best teams in the state are left," Bernalillo head coach Terry
Darnell said.

The Spartans were deep.

They were experienced.

And they have A.J. Sanchez.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. Pojoaque's Tony Jacquez blocks Bernalillo's Kevin Saiz during their
Class AAA semifinal. Bernalillo won 94-83.
2. Pojoaque's Tony Jacquez sits on the bench during the last few minutes of
their game against Bernalillo in the Class AAA semifinal in The Pit. The Elks
lost 94-83.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The New Mexican


                              619 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Sherbrooke Record (Quebec)

                            October 14, 2011 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Enjoy Cruz while you can

BYLINE: Doug Mccooeye, Special to The Record

SECTION: SPORTS; The Grind; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 440  words


Legends are born in October. That's the axiom that has been told to generations
of baseball fans. While it's important that you get it done over 163 games for
six months during the summer, what really matters is the handful you play over
the span of a couple of weeks.

That's the belief system that seems to permeate the league's front offices,
often to the detriment of a team's bankroll.

Players have built careers (and earned giant paychecks) based almost exclusively
on their exploits in the playoffs. Carlos Beltran - a good but not great
outfielder for the Houston Astros in the early 2000s - hit eight homeruns during
the 2004 playoffs, tying the record. He got hot at the right time and parlayed
it into a seven-year, $119 million free agent contract for the next season. The
New York Mets, Beltran's successful suitor that off-season, were not paying for
the outfielder who hit for a solid average during the regular season. They were
paying for the promise he would deliver when it counted the most, in October.

It should be noted that Beltran has not been back in the playoffs since 2004,
has bounced from team to team, and has what could be considered a disappointing
career since the eight-homerun outburst.

I've never understood the tendency of Major League general managers to reward an
October anomaly (like Beltran) over a player who provides consistent production
during the regular season. This year's October offspring is Texas Rangers
outfielder Nelson Cruz, whose late inning exploits have vaulted the Rangers to
within one game from the World Series. Cruz is 31 years old and someone will
throw big money at him soon. And he knows this.

It's simple: Human beings perform better when monetary incentives are in place.
This rule also applies to Major League baseball. If your success could mean
millions upon millions of dollars, you take a few extra swings in the batting
cage. You try to leg out that infield hit. There's a reason guys perform better
in the last year of their contracts compared to the first year of a lucrative
deal. The money incentive is there. And once they have that money, why keep
pushing to your max?

It's a strange tendency in baseball to reward someone after they've played well.
Pedro Martinez got his biggest paycheques (again from the Mets) after he
dominated with the Red Sox, not during or before. Vernon Wells, a slightly above
average centre fielder for the Blue Jays, put together a couple of good seasons
and parlayed it into one of the most lucrative deals in MLB history. He's sucked
ever since. I fear the same will happen with Cruz.

Legends may be born in October, but incentive also dies.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Sherbrooke Record
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Cobb County Man Sentenced for Distributing Child Pornography

LENGTH: 490  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Corey Charles Plunkett has been sentenced to 12 years in federal prison for
distributing a pornographic image of his 1-year-old daughter to an undercover
law enforcement officer.

"Distribution of child pornography is in and of itself a heinous crime," said
United States Attorney Sally Quillian Yates. "This case is all the more
disturbing because the victim was the defendant's 1-year-old daughter. We will
continue to aggressively prosecute those who exploit our children."

J. Britt Johnson, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Atlanta Field Office, stated,
"The FBI has, for many years, not only investigated those who would sexually
exploit children but has also helped to educate the public and parents on how to
better protect their children. To see a case, such as this, where the child's
father was sexually exploiting his own child leaves many of our seasoned
investigators without words."

According to United States Attorney Yates, the criminal indictment, and
information presented in court, on September 26, 2013, a law enforcement officer
in Ohio was engaged in an undercover investigation identifying subjects involved
in the online victimization of children using two chat rooms known for
attracting individuals with a sexual interest in children. He was contacted by a
subject later identified as Corey Charles Plunkett. Plunkett wrote that he had a
1-year-old daughter and asked whether a 1-year-old was too young for sexual
activity. He also stated that he wanted his daughter to perform oral sex.
Shortly thereafter, Plunkett sent an image of himself, a non-pornographic image
of his daughter, and later that day a pornographic image of his daughter to the
undercover officer. During the execution of a search warrant at the defendant's
home in Cobb County, Georgia, police seized Plunkett's phone and located the
image that Plunkett had sent to the undercover officer.

Plunkett, 27, of Marietta, Georgia, was sentenced by United States District
Judge Steve C. Jones to 12 years in prison, to be followed by supervised release
for life. He was also ordered to pay a $100 special assessment. The defendant
will be required to register as a sex offender when he is released from prison.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Cobb
County Police Department.

This case is being brought as part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide
initiative launched in May 2006 by the Department of Justice to combat the
growing epidemic of child sexual exploitation and abuse. Led by the U.S.
Attorneys' Offices, Project Safe Childhood marshals federal, state, and local
resources to locate, apprehend, and prosecute individuals who sexually exploit
children and to identify and rescue victims.

Assistant United States Attorney Jill E. Steinberg prosecuted the case.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 15, 2012 Thursday

Today's matchups

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 537 words


The NCAA tournament gets under way in earnest today with 16 games.

EAST REGIONAL

No. 8 Kansas State vs. No. 9 Southern Miss, 12:40 p.m., truTV: Neither of these
teams is an elegant offensive unit, so expect a lot of defense and physical
play.

No. 4 Wisconsin vs. No. 13 Montana, 2:10 p.m., TNT: Montana comes in having won
20 of its past 21, but the Grizzlies need to be hot from the outside if they're
to win again.

No. 1 Syracuse vs. No. 16 UNC Asheville, 3:10 p.m., truTV: Syracuse hits the
floor knowing it won't have center Fab Melo anymore this season. It shouldn't
matter in this one, though it will be interesting to see how many good looks
Asheville gets from beyond the arc.

No. 5 Vanderbilt vs. No. 12 Harvard, 4:40 p.m., TNT: Welcome to the "Brain Bowl"
matchup of this tourney. Vandy opened the season in the top 10 but underachieved
before turning it on to win the SEC tourney final over Kentucky.

No. 7 Gonzaga vs. No. 10 West Virginia, 7:20 p.m., TNT: WVU slumped badly down
the stretch, but its physical nature is going to bother Gonzaga.

No. 2 Ohio State vs. No. 15 Loyola (Md.), 9:50 p.m., TNT: Ohio State must focus
on getting the ball to Jared Sullinger.

WEST REGIONAL

No. 6 Murray State vs. No. 11 Colorado State, 12:15 p.m., CBS: So, how good is
Murray State? The Racers have the fewest losses in the nation, thanks to an
aggressive, turnover-forcing defense and a solid offense.

No. 4 Louisville vs. No. 13 Davidson, 1:40 p.m., TBS: Davidson looks to be a
year away from really being good, but the Wildcats did win at Kansas this season
and should be able to keep this close.

No. 3 Marquette vs. No. 14 BYU, 2:45 p.m., CBS: BYU is a solid offensive team
but an iffy defensive team. The Cougars do a good job rebounding and that is
where they can exploit Marquette, which is only so-so on the boards.

No. 5 New Mexico vs. No. 12 Long Beach State, 4:10 p.m., TBS: New Mexico is a
physical group that will be looking to exploit its size advantage down low.
Handling Long Beach State's backcourt quickness is going to be a key.

SOUTH REGIONAL

No. 1 Kentucky vs. No. 16 Western Kentucky, 6:50 p.m., TBS: This should be the
extent of the "keys to the game" section in Kentucky's scouting report: "Show
up."

No. 5 Wichita State vs. No. 12 VCU, 7:15 p.m., CBS: Last season's Cinderella
looks to make another magical March run. On the other side is another mid-major
that looks poised to do big things.

No. 3 Baylor vs. No. 14 South Dakota State, 7:27 p.m., truTV: Baylor should
enjoy a big advantage in the paint, literally and figuratively.

No. 8 Iowa State vs. No. 9 Connecticut, 9:20 p.m., TBS: Defending national
champion UConn has underachieved relative to its talent level. The Huskies
turned it up a bit in the Big East tourney.

No. 4 Indiana vs. No. 13 New Mexico State, 9:45 p.m. CBS: Indiana lost starting
point guard Verdell Jones to a season-ending knee injury in the Big Ten tourney,
and you can be sure the athletic Aggies will look to attack the Hoosiers'
guards.

No. 6 UNLV vs. No. 11 Colorado, 9:57 p.m., truTV: Both teams stumbled late in
the regular season; while Colorado righted itself and surprisingly won the
Pac-12 tourney, UNLV lost in the Mountain West semis on its home court.

MIKE HUGUENIN, RIVALS.COM

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              622 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 18, 2014 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Grace in humiliation

SECTION: H,H; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 612 words


How refreshing to hear Monica Lewinsky recount the depth of her shame. When it
was revealed in 1998 that she had provided then-President Clinton with oral sex,
Lewinsky now writes in Vanity Fair, she "was arguably the most humiliated person
in the world."

How many ambitious women these days wouldn't take that lemon of embarrassment
and turn it into the lemonade of sexy branding? Paris Hilton and Kim Kardashian
used (leaked) tapes of their sexual exploits as career boosters.

By contrast, Lewinsky went into mortified hiding - no sex videos, fortunately -
after the story detonated 16 years ago. (There was a secretly taped conversation
with a friend betraying her.) By the end of the year, she had no privacy left to
protect, every last salacious detail having been rendered public by the 445-page
report by independent counsel Kenneth Starr.

But rather than cash in on lucrative offers to exploit her notoriety, Lewinsky
quietly pursued studies at the London School of Economics. And during Hillary
Clinton's 2008 run for president, she lay low.

I don't agree with her take on all that transpired back then. When Lewinsky says
she felt "sacrificed for political expediency" by the Clinton forces, she does
miss the big picture.

After all, there was a country to run. Sensitivities toward an embarrassed woman
took a back seat to the need to hold the presidency together. To the extent she
was sacrificed, it was in the public interest.

Also, if Hillary Clinton unfairly called her a "narcissistic looney tune" in a
memo, well, a wife cheated on in such a casually shocking way is entitled to
lash out. Both are good women, and from a purely political standpoint, Hillary
benefited from that trial by fire. Her approval rating soared as Americans
turned on the Republicans' appalling inquisition against her still-popular
husband.

To her great credit, Lewinsky firmly states that the affair was "a consensual
relationship" between two adults. She thus swats away Rand Paul's recent comment
that Clinton committed workplace "violence" against her.

Lewinsky's umbrage over the trashing she endured at the hands of professional
feminists trying to help Clinton is warranted.

Brought together at a fancy Manhattan restaurant to muse on the scandal, the
"New York supergals" (as the New York Observer called them) flung mud pies of
dull wit at the easy Monica target.

Erica Jong: "My dental hygienist pointed out that she had third-stage gum
disease."

It was on that level.

The "gals" freely bashed Lewinsky's looks. One noted that "if JFK has an affair
with Marilyn Monroe, it's all in the realm of the demigods. ... I mean, the
thing I kept hearing over and over again was Monica Lewinsky's not that pretty."

That Lewinsky had some unfashionable pounds on her only added a certain warmth
to the relationship that would have been missing had she been a Hollywood star.
Though Clinton's behavior was crude, he did connect with a real woman, not a
celebrity notch on the belt to brag about.

Lewinsky offers important insight on the "culture of humiliation" of which she
is a pioneer. There's no stopping the way cheap technology and viral social
media can magnify and multiply embarrassing moments with indifference to fact,
much less nuance.

We are reminded how, in the digital age, a youthful indiscretion can mar one for
life. We who came of age before high schoolers had the means to post pictures of
themselves drunk or half-dressed often sigh with relief. Almost every teen does
stupid things.

One can't say to Lewinsky "this, too, will pass," this being so spectacular, but
perhaps it will fade a bit. We can say, Monica, you have since comported
yourself with grace.

Creators Syndicate

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                             March 9, 2017 Thursday
                             Print & First Editions

WikiLeaks strikes again Documents reveal data stolen through phones, computers
and televisions Ill wind for CIA may fill Trump's sails

BYLINE: Analysis Paul McGeough Chief Correspondent Washington

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 765 words


Donald Trump has a new stick with which to beat the US intelligence agencies -
not only can they not keep his secrets, they can't keep their own.

Lobbing amidst the worst stand-off ever between a new president and the
agencies, Tuesday's sensational WikiLeaks dump of thousands of documents on the
CIA's highly secretive, high-tech cyber arsenal reveals how the agency steals
data from foreign targets by taking control of their mobile phones, computers
and televisions.

Seemingly legitimate, the release of almost 9000 documents - which WikiLeaks
code-named Vault 7 - will be viewed through political as much as national
security prisms.

WikiLeaks, increasingly denounced as a tool of Moscow, is a key player in the
months-long dispute in which Trump has mocked and ridiculed the agencies.

But as commander-in-chief Trump is required to address the document dump as the
most embarrassing breach of national security since Edward Snowden leaked a
mountain of classified documents in 2013 and, before that, Chelsea (then
Bradley) Manning leaked about three-quarters of a million classified and other
sensitive documents in 2010.

Acutely embarrassed, the only response from the CIA was a terse: "We do not
comment on the authenticity or content of purported intelligence documents."

Apparently the first in a series, WikiLeaks said the 8761 documents, dated from
2013 to 2016, came from an isolated, high-security network situated inside the
CIA's Centre for Cyber Intelligence in Langley, Virginia.

Describing their contents as "malware, viruses, Trojans and weaponised 'zero
day' exploits", WikiLeaks said the files developed by a CIA unit known as the
Engineering Development Group were designed to harness vulnerabilities in
Apple's iPhone, Google's Android software and Samsung TV sets. WikiLeaks said
the exploits were capable of bypassing popular encryption-enabled applications
such as WhatsApp, Signal and Telegram.

"At first glance [the files are] probably legitimate or contains a lot of
legitimate stuff, which means somebody managed to extract a lot of data from a
classified CIA system and is willing to let the world know that," Nicholas
Weaver, a computer security researcher at the University of California at
Berkeley, told The Washington Post.

Trump has been infuriated by leaks from across government, but especially from
within the intelligence agencies on investigations into links between his
election campaign team and Russia.

In July 2016 WikiLeaks became a controversial player in the US presidential
election when it released 20,000 embarrassing emails hacked from Democratic
Party computers, creating uproar on the campaign trail.

Speaking at the time from Ecuador's embassy in London, where he has taken refuge
for years, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange denied early suspicion that the
Russian government or its agents were responsible for the Democratic National
Committee hacking - but the combined US intelligence agencies concluded the
hacking was part of a multi-pronged Kremlin plot to help Trump win the election
and to discredit US democracy.

Trump celebrated the leaks, declaring: "I love WikiLeaks," as he read from a
sheaf of the Democratic emails at a rally in the last weeks of the campaign. For
months he refused to accept that Russia was involved - even as he jokingly urged
Moscow to mount a search for thousands of Hillary Clinton's emails.

On the campaign trail and in office Trump has been repeatedly wrong-footed by
leaks on his Russian connections. He was forced to sack campaign manager Paul
Manafort after allegations that he had received millions of dollars from
pro-Moscow politicians in Ukraine. In February he sacked his national security
adviser, Michael Flynn, after he was revealed to have lied about his dealings
with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak.

And last week Attorney-General Jeff Sessions was forced to recuse himself from
any Justice Department deliberations on intelligence agency and congressional
investigations of the Russian links because Sessions had failed to disclose that
he, too, met the ambassador.

Trump's war with the agencies became more fraught on the weekend, when senior
former and current officials rejected his tweeted claim that former president
Barack Obama had ordered wiretaps on Trump Tower during the election campaign.

And on Tuesday, after days of blanket denials, the White House seemed to be
walking back the President's unequivocal assertion. When asked for the proof
Trump claimed he had, presidential spokesman Sean Spicer said it wasn't a
question of proof but of the need for a congressional investigation.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 8, 2013 Friday

Movie Review: â??12 Years a Slaveâ??

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 533 words


Director Steve McQueenâ??s â??12 Years a Slaveâ? achieves its brutal brilliance
because it will not give viewers an easy out, a chance to avert their eyes from
one manâ??s suffering at the hands of a nationâ??s greatest moral failure.

This story comes from a first-person account of the horrors of human trafficking
and subjugation. Solomon Northupâ??s 1853 memoir â??Twelve Years a Slaveâ? was
published just months after Harriet Beecher Stoweâ??s â??Uncle Tomâ??s Cabin,â?
and the two books played crucial roles in building a case against slavery. It
was not a story emanating from the relative comfort of a post-Emancipation world
â?" when Northup wrote his memoir, the country was still a dozen years away from
freeing slaves in the South, and it proved that even freedmen in the North were
endangered by the system.

McQueen preserves the immediacy and hopelessness of Northupâ??s situation. In
1840, Northup (Chiwetel Ejiofor) was an educated freedman living in upstate New
York, working as both a skilled carpenter and a classically trained violinist
when he was approached about performing a few shows in Washington, D.C., with a
traveling circus. After his performances, Northup was drugged, tortured and then
transported to New Orleans, where he was sold at a slave auction.

Initially, Northup was treated with a measure of noblesse oblige by his first
owner, William Ford (Benedict Cumberbatch), but a series of further injustices
results in Northup being sold to Edwin Epps (Michael Fassbender), a sadist who
exploits the slavery system on all levels. Epps metes out horrific punishments
for his own entertainment and sexually exploits young slave Patsey (Lupita
Nyongâ??o) while his beleaguered wife (Sarah Paulson) seethes in the background.

Under Eppsâ?? ownership, Northup is made a â??driver,â? a slave overseeing the
fieldwork and forced to punish those under him for stepping out of line. It is
this emotional component of â??12 Years a Slaveâ? that is most sickeningly
resonant: By making Northup involved in his systematic torture of the men and
women on his property, Epps tightens his grip on a man who intimidates him
intellectually.

Ejioforâ??s performance projects the endless frustration of a man separated from
his beloved family by criminals and kept far from rescue with no one to vouch
for his identity and free status. In â??12 Years a Slave,â? there is no
Emancipation Proclamation being prepared to spirit Northup away from his
captors, and his eventual freedom never feels certain. Ejiofor wears this
sadness and sharp pain throughout the film.

While Ejioforâ??s performance is the obvious centerpiece, there are superb
performances throughout, including Fassbender as a personification of corrupting
evil and Tulsa-born Alfre Woodard as Mistress Harriet Shaw, a former slave who
is able to rise out of the fields and into a life of relative privilege.

As with his previous films, â??Hungerâ? and â??Shame,â? British director McQueen
dives deep into his story. There are no safe distances in â??12 Years a Slaveâ?
â?" it is a film suffused with overwhelming sadness over unjustly spilled blood
and the horror of families divided without thought or concern.

â?" George Lang

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           October 27, 2007 Saturday
                                 Idaho Edition

Something Bruin at WSU

BYLINE: Compiled by Vince Grippi

SECTION: C; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 325 words


TALE OF THE TAPE

An at-a-glance look at how the Cougars and Bruins stack up:

TRENDS

Last meeting: 10/28/06: WSU 37, UCLA 15

Last week: WSU had a bye; UCLA 30, California 21

Series all-time: UCLA leads 35-17-1

Washington State Cougars (2-5, 0-4) Coach Bill Doba

UCLA Bruins (5-2, 4-0) Coach Karl Dorrell

When the Cougars run: Since the Pac-10 season began, WSU has rushed 107 times
and is averaging only 70 yards a game - and that was with a healthy offensive
line. The Bruins are yielding 2.7 yards a carry in conference games. EDGE: UCLA

When the Cougars pass: If the Bruins have a defensive weakness, it's giving up
the deep ball. Protect the passer and WSU, the Pac-10's leading passing offense,
will be able to exploit a Bruins secondary that yields 10.6 yards a completion.
EDGE: WSU

When the Bruins run: Despite the gaudy numbers (third in the Pac-10 Conference
at 181 yards a game), UCLA hasn't moved the ball well on the ground since the
Washington game, and everyone has run the ball on the Huskies. Still, Washington
State has struggled stopping the running game, ranking ninth in the Pac-10.
EDGE: UCLA

When the Bruins pass: If UCLA can keep its quarterback upright, the opportunity
is going to be there to exploit a defense that has yielded six more scoring
passes than any other Pac-10 team. But if Washington State's pressure makes for
poor decision-making, as it did in the Arizona State game, the Cougars are
likely to force an interception or two. EDGE: UCLA

Coaching/intangibles: There has to be a reason WSU has won five of the past six
games with UCLA and it doesn't have to do with talent. The matchup of schemes
between the two seems to favor the Cougars, as does the noise and cold of Martin
Stadium. EDGE: WSU

Air quality: You think having to breathe surrounded by August's field burning
and October's wood stoves is bad, try living with summer-time LA smog and fall
wildfire smoke. There is no comparison. EDGE: WSU

TYPE: Column

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              626 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             April 9, 2011 Saturday

A wonder and a bandit

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 597 words


Neil Tarpey/The Times-Standard

His high school football team did not allow a single point all season.

His daring base running exploits on the diamond drew comparisons to Ty Cobb.

Reco Pastori, a legendary and popular Humboldt County athlete, passed away on
Wednesday, April 6 at the age of 92.

"He was a very well-liked kid, very well respected," said Jack Walsh in a phone
interview. "And he was such a great athlete. He was just a natural."

Walsh, 93, who worked for decades as a physician in Eureka, was one of Pastori's
teammates on the "Wonder Team." That's what they called the 1935 Eureka High
School football squad coached by Jay Willard.

Pastori, considered a great all-around athlete, played left end on that EHS Hall
of Fame team that shut out all eight of its opponents and outscored them by a
combined 283-0.

The 6-0 victory over Grant Union of Sacramento in the Northern California
championship game on November 28, 1935 was the pinnacle of a memorable season.

One account described the championship contest "as being one of the hardest
fought, most interesting, and best played games in Albee Stadium. The crowd was
the largest of the season, and probably the largest in the history of the school
..."

In addition to Pastori's football talents, he was an avid hunter and golfer and
enjoyed out-of-town sports trips.

But many North Coast sports fans will recall Pastori for his exploits for the
Humboldt Crabs.

Speaking of the Crabs, it was one of Pastori's best boyhood buddies, Lou
Bonomini, who founded and managed the team.

Bonomini passed away in 2000 at the age of 84, and played shortstop and the
outfield and even caught some games before he stopped playing in 1953. Bonomini
managed the Crabs for 42 seasons.

It seemed only natural for the two great friends, and talented baseball players,
to play together for the Crabs.

Pastori was a member of the original 1945 Humboldt Crabs team and played through
the 1954 season.

He played second base, and was a good hitter, finishing his 10 years with the
Crabs with a batting average over .300. His career-best season was .360.

A Humboldt Standard article dated Aug. 17, 1950 described how Pastori's
"scintillating exhibitions afield, on the basepaths, and in a batting stance
have endeared him to the local baseball fans. The familiar tug at the brim of
his cap, the hitch at his pants, and the ring of sphere meeting lumber are
familiar trademarks identifying the ground-covering man with the large hands."

Don Terbush, the late renowned long-time sports editor of the Times-Standard,
once wrote that Pastori was known during his playing days with the Crabs as the
"Bandit of the basepath," and "Mister Second Base."

As a baserunner, Pastori was widely known for his knack of distracting and
annoying opposing pitchers, and for stealing bases. He swiped 32 bases one
summer.

"Reco was our Ty Cobb," said the late Carl Del Grande, another old-school Crabs'
star. "He was a good percentage hitter and could convert a walk or single into
two bases with his exciting base running."

Pastori's talents on the gridiron and on the diamond have continued through his
family tree, most recently through his great-grandsons Jon Losa and James
Pastori.

Losa excelled at both wide receiver and defensive back for Ferndale High last
fall. Pastori had the most wins and the lowest ERA in the Humboldt-Del Norte
League last year.

Note: Visitation will be at Sanders Funeral Home, 1835 E Street in Eureka on
Sunday, April 10 from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. A Celebration of Life will follow at the
Eureka Wharfinger Building, One Marina Way, from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Cherokee County Man Pleads Guilty to Multiple Felony Counts in
Sextortion Prosecution

LENGTH: 663  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Destin Whitmore has pleaded guilty to threatening and extorting teen girls with
sexually explicit images of themselves, and to distributing and possessing child
pornography.

"Whitmore preyed on vulnerable girls who had the misfortune of crossing his
path, both in person and online," said United States Attorney Sally Quillian
Yates. "We cannot emphasize enough the dangers to children of revealing personal
information and sexually explicit images to others online. This case shows that
those images could resurface in the most unexpected and unfortunate ways."

J. Britt Johnson, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Atlanta Field Office, stated:
"Today's guilty plea will begin the process of removing a manipulative child
predator from our streets. The criminal conduct of Mr. Whitmore, as well as
those like him, ensures that the FBI will continue to work with our law
enforcement partners in providing significant investigative resources toward the
protection of our nation's youth from those that would exploit or harm them."

"In our continued partnership with the F.B.I., the Cobb County District
Attorney's Office, and the U.S. Attorney's Office, and as a member of I.C.A.C.
(Internet Crimes Against Children) Task Force, the Cobb County Police
Department's Crimes Against Children Unit will continue to aggressively pursue
and prosecute those individuals who seek to exploit and harm our children," said
Sergeant Dana Pierce, Public Information Officer, Cobb County Police Department.

According to United States Attorney Yates, the criminal indictment, and
information presented in court: In April 2012, a teen girl in Arizona reported
that she was contacted using a popular social media website by an individual
using a profile name "Ralph Jenkins." The individual using the "Jenkins"
profile, later identified as Destin Whitmore, sent back to the teen compromising
images of herself that she had previously sent to Whitmore, and threatened to
send those images to others, including her family members, if she did not
immediately create additional images for him.

A subsequent investigation of that profile, along with a profile using the name
"Lenny Carlington" showed that both profiles were used by the Defendant, along
with his own social media accounts, to transmit pornographic images of numerous
teen girls back to the girls to extort them for additional images. If they did
not comply with his demands, he threatened to distribute the pornographic images
to others and post them on various websites for public consumption. Many of the
girls Whitmore extorted were known to him through personal relationships or
through long term communications using web cameras with the girls online. Some
of the girls had previously sent sexually explicit images to Whitmore or had
provided such images to others, which Whitmore subsequently obtained.

Whitmore, 23, of Canton, Ga., pleaded guilty to five counts of extortion, three
counts of distribution of child pornography, and two counts of possession of
child pornography. Sentencing for Whitmore is scheduled for December 9, 2014, at
10:30 a.m. before U.S. District Court Judge Charles A. Pannell, Jr. This case is
being brought as part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide initiative
launched in May 2006 by the Department of Justice to combat the growing epidemic
of child sexual exploitation and abuse. Led by the U.S. Attorneys' Offices,
Project Safe Childhood marshals federal, state, and local resources to locate,
apprehend and prosecute individuals who sexually exploit children and to
identify and rescue victims.

This case was investigated by the Cobb County Police Department and the Federal
Bureau of Investigation.

Assistant United States Attorneys Jill E. Steinberg and Mary L. Webb are
prosecuting the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                      February 19, 2016 Friday 8:18 AM GMT

Graffiti artist 'Krek'- who served time for his art - returns to paint in
Northern Quarter;
Thomas Dolan was given a 15-month jail term in 2007 but freed after a public
outcry over the sentence

BYLINE: By Alice McKeegan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 260 words


A graffiti artist who once spent time in prison for his art has returned to
Manchester to paint.

Thomas 'TJ' Dolan, whose professional name is 'Krek', was sentenced to 15 months
in prison for causing £13,000 of damage to train carriages and railway bridges
around Manchester and Cheshire in 2007.

After public outcry at the severity of Macclesfield -born artist's sentence, he
was freed on appeal in October of the same year.

'Krek' has since been commissioned to work around the world, with his designs
featuring in the 2010 Jedward hit 'Under Pressure' and the 2011 Manchester City
kit launch.

His work also appeared at Miami's Art Basel display in 2013 - one of the most
prestigious art shows in the world.

On Thursday, he returned to Manchester to perform for the Body Shop in the
Northern Quarter for the company's 'Enrich Not Exploit' project as part of its
40th birthday celebrations.

He painted at a site on the corner of Tib and Thomas Street - and shoppers and
passers-by were able to watch as he worked.

The stunt also marked the launch of a school project, which is open to pupils in
Years 7 to ­11.

Young artists will be able to demonstrate their own creative expressions of
Enrich Not Exploit in a competition, which could win £1,000 prize money for
their school and a London weekend break for them and their family.

Sam Thomson, director of brand and corporate responsibility for Body Shop, urged
teachers, pupils and schools to get involved.

Entries must be received by March 24. More details at
www.thebodyshop.co.uk/content/its .

Northern Quarter venues

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 ComputerWorld

                               November 17, 2006

Security Managers Facing More Targeted Attacks

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 527 words



HIGHLIGHT: A list of the top security threats compiled by the SANS Institute
shows a continued shift away from widespread viruses and worms and toward more
covert and targeted attacks.


A report on security threats released last week by the SANS Institute provides
further evidence that cybercriminals are shifting to more targeted attacks and
attempting to exploit zero-day flaws before software vendors patch them.

The report also cited a sharp increase in attacks against Web applications,
Office installations and voice-over-IP systems. But overall, the trends suggest
a switch from the "noisy" virus and worm attacks of the past to more covert
attacks via Trojan horses and other malware, said Alan Paller, director of
research at Bethesda, Md.-based SANS.

"There has been a large downturn in the number of alerts we have been pushing
out" related to traditional security flaws, said Roger Cumming, director of the
U.K.'s National Infrastructure Security Coordination Centre , which contributed
to the SANS report.

Attackers are increasingly "moving toward developing exploit code with a
specific purpose," Cumming said.

The risks highlighted by SANS "are all up there" from a security threat
standpoint, said Ahmed El-Haggan, CIO at Coppin State University in Baltimore.
The school is assessing its exposure to such risks and has hired an outsourcing
vendor to do vulnerability scans of its networks to protect them against
zero-day threats, said El-Haggan.

`Larger Chunk of Money'

The situation is similar at Medical Network One PC in Rochester, Mich. The bulk
of the company's security technology investments this year were on perimeter
defense products such as intrusion-detection systems, said Marcin CzabanB-ski,
the company's chief security officer. But zero-day and Web application threats
also need close attention, he said.

Czabanski added that he expects Medical Network One to spend "a much larger
chunk of money" next year on several major IT security projects, which he
declined to specify.

Another report released last week, by Info-Tech Research Group in London,
Ontario, forecast that U.S. companies will spend $61 billion on information
security this year. Info-Tech surveyed about 1,000 IT managers, and the number
of respondents who said they have increased their security spending this year
was 10 times greater than the number who said their spending has been reduced,
said Ed Daugavietis, a senior researcher at Info-Tech.

On average, the surveyed companies will spend 7.3% of their total IT budgets on
data security this year, he said.

Last month, Forrester Research Inc. said its own survey of more than 1,000 IT
managers showed that companies expect on average to spend about 7.75% of their
IT budgets on security this year. That's down from 8.9% last year, according to
Forrester.

The problem with such numbers is that they don't always capture the true nature
of security spending, said Robert Garigue, vice president of information
integrity at Bell Canada in Montreal. For instance, IT upgrades that improve
overall security are viewed by some companies as being a security investment,
while others may not budget it the same way, Garigue said.

He noted that Bell Canada has been increasing its investments in network
scanning and monitoring, risk assessment and diagnostics technologies, and will
continue to do so next year.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 International Data Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 22, 2001 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

SCREEN GRAB;
Lifting the Curtain on the Showman Buffalo Bill

BYLINE:  By MICHAEL POLLAK

SECTION: Section G; Column 3; Circuits; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 651 words


WHEN legend becomes fact, print the legend -- or so the line goes. Far better,
with online help, to appreciate both.

For the generation that came of age with the passing of the frontier, Buffalo
Bill's Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders of the World was a sensation,
glorifying Western history from 1883 to World War I.

And who could argue with its accuracy? Buffalo Bill -- William F. Cody -- had
truly been a Pony Express rider, cavalry scout and buffalo hunter, even if his
exploits had been exaggerated by Ned Buntline's novels and his own melodrama.
Annie Oakley could really shoot, even if she was from Ohio. Sitting Bull, the
victor over Custer, really did ride in the show in 1885, looking pacified and
dignified. Never mind that five years later, panicky officials in the Dakota
Territory would set in motion the killing of Sitting Bull and the Wounded Knee
massacre.

"Like the West he grew to represent, the legend of Buffalo Bill is a complex
mixture of fact and fiction," says a short biography in the Adventures of Wells
Fargo series (www .wellsfargo.com/about/stories /bbill.jhtml). This is a minor
Web entry on Buffalo Bill but a major example of a modern corporation that
appreciates its own history.

Richard Grosenbaugh, a former television news reporter and school official in
Springfield, Mo., has perhaps the quintessential Cody collection at www.richgros
.com/Cody/buffalo_bill.html. It includes a discussion group, a personal essay
and sites on Cody biographies, Cody's scouting exploits and Cody's relationship
with Indians. There are sites on Wild Bill Hickok, a good friend; Annie Oakley,
his longtime star; and Buntline, his hagiographer. There are Pony Express
history sites, like www.xphomestation .com/frm-history.html.

"My mother was a Cody, and the family was strong in north-central Ohio where we
lived," Mr. Grosenbaugh writes, adding: "As I look at my renewed interest today,
I think it is also because, as I approach my later years, I would like to be
just a little bit more like the brave and adventurous Buffalo Bill."

There are sites on the Wild West Show itself. There are photographs and articles
about Cody's homes, articles debunking some of the hyperbole and articles about
Sitting Bull.

A collector's site looks at changes over time in Buffalo Bill's signature
(www.odysseygroup .com/acm1299/cody.htm), and it traces his business dealings.

Buffalo Bill is featured on the American Library online at the Library of
Congress: www.americaslibrary.gov /cgi-bin/page.cgi/aa/cody. There are
biographies and film clips.

The Annie Oakley Foundation (ormiston.com
/annieoakley) in Greenville, Ohio, is a major source of photos and movie shorts,
biographies and links and is also a debunker of tall tales. (She was never west
of the Mississippi until she began working for a circus.) Her newspaper obituary
is at pages.prodigy .com/legends/annie.htm.

The Annie Oakley House in Cambridge, Md., is private, but the Dorchester County
Library's site about it is a good biography of Oakley, including her later years
(www .dorchesterlibrary.org /library/aoakley.html).

For a sad counterpoint to the Wild West show, go to the Collection Finder of the
Library of Congress: memory.loc.gov /ammem/collections/finder .html. Click on
Written Materials, then search for "Sitting Bull." The 1891 account of Sitting
Bull's death in The American Missionary displays ignorance and contempt by one
religion for another. See also the Wounded Knee site, www
.lastoftheindependents.com /wounded.htm.

For an overall perspective on the true West, see the PBS site for Ken Burns's
documentary "The West" at www.pbs.org /weta/thewest.
Mr. Grosenbaugh wrote in an e-mail message that some experts considered the
appearance of Indians in the shows as more positive than negative. "It helped
introduce the Indians to the rest of the world," he said, "and the rest of the
world to the Indians."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Many Web sites present the lore surrounding Buffalo Bill, shown
here in the 1880's.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              631 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 16, 2015 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

U.S., 19 other nations crush criminal hacking ring

BYLINE: Ellen Nakashima

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 648 words


The Justice Department on Wednesday announced the largest international takedown
of an online criminal hackers' forum, an illicit Web site for the trafficking of
tools and talent.

Over a 24-hour period, officials said, authorities in the United States and 19
other countries jointly shut down Darkode, the world's most sophisticated
English-language Internet forum for criminal hackers.

In Operation Shrouded Horizon, the FBI infiltrated Darkode at high levels and
began gathering evidence and intelligence on members, officials said.

"Through this operation, we have dismantled a cyber hornets' nest of criminal
hackers which was believed by many, including the hackers themselves, to be
impenetrable," said U.S. Attorney David J. Hickton of the Western District of
Pennsylvania, whose office handled the joint investigation with the FBI and the
department's criminal division.

Darkode is a tightly controlled, invitation-only digital bazaar in which a
prospective member can gain admission only after posting what amounts to a
professional résumé of illegal hacking capabilities, Hickton said. It began in
2008 and has 250 to 300 members, officials said.

The forum offered the means, including exploit kits, botnets, ransomware
programs and tools for mass spamming, to attack and commandeer computers. It
also offered "zero day" attack tools, which exploit flaws in software that the
software makers did not know existed. Hackers describe it as "the best malware
marketplace on the Web," Hickton said. It also sold stolen data - Social
Security numbers, credit card numbers, log-in information and passwords.

Darkode members have "compromised millions upon millions of computers, servers,
cellphones, bank accounts and social media accounts," he said, adding that
losses to victims in terms of dollars and privacy "have been extreme." Citing
the ongoing investigation, Hickton could not provide a dollar amount.

Law enforcement authorities in the 20 countries arrested, charged or searched 70
Darkode members and associates. The FBI seized Darkode's domains and servers. In
the United States, charges have been filed against 12 people; in all, 28 have
been arrested worldwide.

Those charged in the United States include Matjaz Skorjanc, an alleged organizer
of the forum who is accused in federal court in the District with racketeering
conspiracy and conspiracy to commit wire fraud, bank fraud and computer fraud.
He is also accused of selling malware known as the Butterfly bot.

Also charged was Johan Anders Gudmunds of Sollebrunn, Sweden, who is accused of
serving as the administrator of Darkode and of designing and selling malicious
software that allowed hackers to create botnets.

He was charged in the Western District of Pennsylvania with conspiracy to commit
computer fraud, wire fraud and money laundering.

Also charged was Morgan Culbertson, also known as Android, of Pittsburgh, who is
accused of designing Dendroid, a coded malware designed to remotely access,
control and steal data from Google Android cellphones. The malware was allegedly
offered for sale on Darkode.

For $300, "Android" would sell the means to take over a person's Android
cellphone. With it, for instance, one "could take photographs of you remotely,
making it look like you took them," Hickton said. Or, for $65,000, he'd sell the
malware code so buyers could adapt it to their own needs.

"Today marks a milestone in our efforts to bring to justice some of the most
significant cybercriminals in the world," said Scott Smith, special agent in
charge of the FBI's Pittsburgh division.

The other countries involved in the takedown were Australia, Bosnia and
Herzegovina, Brazil, Britain, Canada, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cyprus, Croatia,
Denmark, Finland, Germany, Israel, Latvia, Macedonia, Nigeria, Romania, Serbia
and Sweden. Europol, the European Union's law enforcement agency, also took
part.

nakashimae@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Albert & Logan News  (Australia)

                            October 20, 2006 Friday

Mobsters make merry in musical;
madness

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 282  words


WITH custard pies, splurge guns and flour bombs, things are about to get very
messy in Beenleigh Theatre Group's last production for the year.

Bugsy Malone first came to life as a 1976 musical film, starring Scott Baio and
Jodie Foster, and is very loosely based on events in Chicago, Illinois in the
Prohibition era - specifically, the exploits of gangsters like Al Capone.

Loganlea resident Alexander Thanasoulis, aged just 15, has taken the lead role
in Beenleigh Theatre Group's comic, musical stage production. He will make his
debut with the group as Bugsy Malone tonight.

Thanasoulis said he had ''always'' been interested in acting, and after seeing a
performance at the Crete St Theatre earlier this year, made inquiries about how
to get involved.

He described his half Irish/half Italian character as ''a bit confused and a bit
girl crazy''.

The story follows the exploits of Fat Sam, who runs one of the most popular
speakeasies in town, who is in danger of being closed down by his rival Dandy
Dan.

Thanasoulis said Bugsy Malone, one of Fat Sam's assets, unfortunately catches
the eye of Sam's girlfriend Tallulah - although he's set his designs on the
showgirl Blousey Brown.

Director Steven Pimm is in his first foray into the musical genre and said he
was enjoying the experience.

''I've directed plays before, but to take on a project as large as this has been
very exciting and challenging,'' Pimm said.

''I couldn't do it without the amazing team behind me which includes everything
from musical direction to costumes.''

The large cast of 60 characters, covering everything from mobsters to molls, is
described as a ''very funny, tongue-in-cheek tribute'' to the 1920s gangster
flick.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ALF


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            December 18, 2016 Sunday

The KING of 2016;
VIEWS, Rihanna, basketball and birthdays - Drake was on top of the world (and on
the CN Tower) this year

BYLINE: Ben Rayner Toronto Star

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 1346 words


Early this year, a few of us joked that a certain homegrown hip-hop superstar
had become so gifted at keeping himself in the headlines that we could easily
fill a regular column space with his exploits.

"This Week in Drake" was born - and for a time, we could have easily spun it
into a "Daily Drake."

We couldn't get enough of him this year, it seems.

As he approached his 30th birthday, Aubrey Drake Graham released a
chart-topping, meme-making album, broke music streaming records, broke a whiskey
sales record and had rumoured romances with two beautiful top-tier singers. He
can probably be credited with this past summer's considerable bump in Toronto
tourist visits, too.

In the meantime, we've kept on filling a regular column space with his exploits.
And now, here we all are, contemplating the highlights from This Year in Drake
together.

JANUARY

Jan. 29: Drake once again proudly proclaims himself contemporary hip-hop's
preeminent spokesperson for bein' good to the moms by feting mother Sandi
Graham's birthday into the wee hours at Fring's, the King West joint he silent
partners with Toronto celebrity chef Susur Lee.

FEBRUARY

Feb. 9: The first of numerous billboards touting the imminent release of Drake's
long-promised fourth album, which he's been calling Views from the 6 for about
as long as he's been promising the album, goes up in Toronto.

Feb. 12: Mayor John Tory presents Drake, "the world's most famous Torontonian,"
with the key to the city before the devoted Raptors fan heads courtside to coach
Team Canada against Team USA and rival coach Kevin Hart in the NBA all-star
weekend's "celebrity game" at Ricoh Coliseum. In defiance of all demographic
common sense, however, 64-year-old Englishman Sting and not Drake - who's served
as the Raptors "global ambassador" since 2013 - somehow gets the gig as halftime
performer two days later during the actual NBA All-Star Game at the Air Canada
Centre.

MARCH

March 19: Patient South by Southwest attendees camped out at the Fader Fort in
east Austin, Texas, for hours on the closing day of the festival are finally
rewarded when the week's worst-kept secret bears fruit in the form of a
"surprise" OVO label showcase eventually headlined by none other than the
label's boss. "Views from the 6 coming in I don't know how many weeks,"
proclaims Drake, stoking the fires for an album that would soon basically
dominate all media for the rest of the year. Albeit under a slightly modified
title.

APRIL

April 4: Two gents innocently out photographing the sunset from Toronto's Polson
Pier claim to have been "bullied" by Drake and a companion after a helicopter
disgorged the rapper nearby and one of the photogs, a city worker named Matt
Small, snapped a couple of shots. Drake, Small says, scaled a fence, charged him
and demanded the memory card from his camera. Michael Massie intervenes when
Small yells for someone to call the police and corroborates Small's story.
"Drake or not, no one can really treat me that way," Small tells the Star. "I
was pretty offended by it."

April 24: Days ahead of Views from the 6's release, Drizzy tweets a preview of
the album's Toronto-centric cover art, which features him taking in one of the
finest of all views of "The 6" available from a prominent perch atop the CN
Tower.

Diligent online mathematicians quickly observe that the Drake portrayed looming
over the landmark would have to be about 12 feet tall in context and, thus, must
have been Photoshopped into place. One of the best Internet memes ever ensues as
every idle citizen on the planet within reach of a Wi-Fi connection drops Drake
into one stupid position or another.

April 27: Barely 24 hours out from Views from the 6's exclusive midnight preview
on Apple Music, a terse press release goes out announcing that the title has
suddenly been changed to the less hometown-proud VIEWS. No explanation is given.

April 29: VIEWS finally arrives for consumption online. It's pretty good, too,
even if the overall critical consensus is that it goes on far too long.
Regardless, the album debuts at No. 1 on the Billboard 200, selling more than
850,000 copies during its first week of release, a million a few days later and
eventually going on to notch quadruple-platinum status in North America by Dec.
1, making Drake the most commercially successful contemporary pop star on the
planet behind Adele.

MAY

May 7: Drake finally hits No. 1 in his home country with "One Dance." It remains
there until Justin Timberlake's "Can't Stop the Feeling" stops the feeling on
June 25. He also notches his first Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 in the U.S. with the
tune.

May 14: Drake is both the host and performer on Saturday Night Live. The former
child actor once fondly known to Degrassi: The Next Generation viewers as
"Wheelchair Jimmy" does just fine, even gamely doling out an impression of
maybe/maybe-not girlfriend Rihanna performing their joint No. 1 hit "Work" that
could well have had him sleeping on the couch for a night or two.

JULY

July 28: Hamilton rockers the Arkells release "Drake's Dad," a catchy little
ditty about meeting - yes - Drake's dad, Dennis Graham, while on a drunken
rampage through Memphis. Graham cuts a dapper figure in the video and, days
later, announces plans to release an RB album of his own.

July 31: Kanye who? Drake's OVO Fest sets up shop at the Air Canada Centre for
two nights and, on both evenings, sees a guest appearance by Rihanna, who flew
into Toronto from the middle of a European tour. Cue further "are they or aren't
they?" speculation.

AUGUST

Aug. 29: Drake declares Rihanna "someone I've been in love with since I was 22"
while introducing the Barbadian singer at the MTV Video Music Awards, where
she's receiving the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award. Rihanna rolls her eyes
and refuses a kiss in return. The world gasps. But then RiRi and Drizzy smooch
onstage in Miami a couple of days later and everyone breathes easy again.

SEPTEMBER

Sept. 3: Because everyone knows the secret to a successful relationship is
surrounding oneself with many naked ladies, Drake announces plans to open a
high-end strip club in Houston in early 2017. "There's a culture out there of
dancing and it's not about no strip-club sh--," Drake says. Most observers agree
the Ballet, as it's to be called, sounds a lot like a strip club.

Sept. 30: Drake's "decadent American whiskey," Virginia Black, arrives on LCBO
shelves.

Despite a somewhat decadent sticker price of $39.95, the spirit sets a
single-day sales record, with 1,779 bottles whisked out the door by closing
time.

OCTOBER

Oct. 24: October's Very Own turns 30 years old.

Taylor Swift, Katy Perry, Jamie Foxx, John Mayer and scads more celebs -
although, notably, no Rihanna, whom the gossip pages are by now speculating has
already had enough - turn out for a bash in Los Angeles the night before, but
true to form, Drake spends the big day with mom Sandi and some other close
family and friends having a quiet dinner in Malibu.

NOVEMBER

Nov. 20: Gossipy buzz that Drake and Taylor Swift are now an item hits a fever
pitch when Drizzy posts his new Apple Music commercial - which features him
lip-syncing to Swift's "Bad Blood" - to Instagram with the curious hashtag
"#Draylor" appended. Are they or aren't they? Or are they both merely working
extra hard for their sometime employers at Apple Music?

DECEMBER

Dec. 1: For a second year in a row, Drake is deemed the "most streamed artist in
the world" by Spotify. VIEWS is the top album, "One Dance" the top song. All
told, Spotify users streamed Drake 4.7 billion freakin' times in 2016, more than
doubling the 1.8 billion he logged the previous year.

Dec. 14: From "most streamed" to "most searched." Google Canada dubs Drake not
just the "top trending musician of 2016," but also the "top trending Canadian"
and the "top trending celebrity" of the year.

"One Dance," meanwhile, comes in at No. 2 in the "top trending song lyrics"
category, behind Desiigner's "Panda." "Drake sitting on things" is No. 8 on the
"top trending memes" chart.

Even if he isn't actually 12 feet tall, Drake no doubt feels that way.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              634 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            April 21, 1993 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

HAITIANS EXPLOITED FOR CHEAP LABOR

BYLINE: By ANNE-MARIE O'CONNOR, Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 723 words

DATELINE: MARSH TOWN, BAHAMAS


On the island of Grand Abaco, about 200 Haitians live in a village

alongside the sun-dappled citrus groves within the Bahama Star, a lush 3,000-
acre citrus farm whose registered agent since February 1991 is listed as

Daryl Jacobs of Fort Pierce.

The entrance to the farm is sealed by an 8-foot gate topped by twisted

strands of barbed-wire and padlocked from 5 p.m. to 9 a.m. A security guard

screens visitors by day.

"Haitians are not treated well, generally speaking, anywhere, but their

treatment at that farm runs from bad to worse. They are practically slave

laborers," said Darcy Ryan, head of the Grand Bahama Human Rights Association in
Freeport.

He is preparing a report on the Haitian situation that he said would list Bahama
Star as among the bad employers.

The report is based on a fact-finding mission last December by Haitian

community groups from New York and Miami as well as representatives from the

World Council of Churches, the American Jewish Community, and the National

Association for the Advancement of Colored People, Ryan said.

"People see the cheap Haitian labor and they exploit them and it's

wrong," said the Rev. Carleton Dorsett, pastor of the Assemblies of God

Church in Marsh Town.

"They can do it because some of these people make more money here in one

week than they could in a year in Haiti," he said. "Employers can make

millions and exploit people because the situation in Haiti is just

intolerable."

Haitians initially were reserved when Dorsett brought journalists to the

farm, but soon a small group clustered around to talk.

Pregnant women unlucky enough to go into labor at night must pay one of

the few men with cars $200 to take them to the closest hospital 30 minutes

down the highway in Marsh Harbor, workers told Dorsett. A ride on the company-
supplied bus to the town grocery store costs $2.

Workers told Dorsett they must buy their own supplies from Daryl's brother Kevin
Jacobs, an on-site foreman: $25 canvas pickers' bags, $4 lime-cutting

scissors, and $8 leather gloves.

Lemon-picking, at $15 a box, pays the most. It takes a day for a young and
healthy worker to fill a box. Supervisors withhold $1 of each $15 for a

savings fund they say they will turn over to the worker during the off-season.
Medical insurance also is deducted, workers said.

However, workers told Dorsett about not getting back the withheld pay, and about
falling ill and finding out they are not insured. They can't save money, and
just barely scrape by, they said.

The Jacobs brothers did not return repeated calls for comment at work and home.
Nor did the registered president of Bahama Star, Danny Scott of Fort

Pierce, or vice president John Luther of Vero Beach.

Workers at the Bahama Star farm also complained to Dorsett about job-

related health problems, particularly pesticides. Workers sleep in company-

supplied shacks a few hundred feet from the fields.

One former worker, 25-year-old Annette Baptiste, said that after repeated
exposure to the chemicals she developed chronic shortness of breath and broke
out in a prickly rash that gave way to oozing sores. One day she had a

miscarriage.

"I was so sick I lost a child," Baptiste, a mother of four, said. "The

doctor said, `Don't go back to that work anymore.' "

Other young women said that it seemed more common for women to lose

children after heavy spraying. Many of the miscarriages required medical

attention, but "nobody comes here to check on that," said one woman who

feared she would be fired if her name was used.

Dr. Frank Boyce, a physician with a practice in Marsh Harbor, said the

cooperation of the farm's owners would be required to conduct research and

tests which would confirm or dispel workers' fears about pesticide effects.

HAVEN FOR HAITIANS

BAHAMAS

* Location: Nearly 700 islands in a 590-mile long archipelago between Haiti

and Florida.

* Gross National Product: $11,720 per person in 1991, higher today.

* Languages: English; some Creole among Haitian immigrants.

* Population: Estimated 254,000 (252,110 in 1991).

* Number of Haitians: Estimated from 16,000 to 60,000.

HAITI

* Location: Western part of the island of Hispaniola in the northern

Caribbean.

* Gross National Product: $370 per person in 1991, lower today.

* Languages: Creole; about 10 percent also speak the official language,

French.

* Population: 6,285,000 in 1991.

SOURCES: U.N. Development Program, Universal Almanac.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions. Info box at end of story.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (C)
 ALLEN EYESTONE/Staff Photographer Seya Senile, 20, thought he was in Miami when
he and 42 other Haitians climbed off a boat and waded to shore in the Bahamas.
His dreams to come to Florida are offset by an enjoyable lifestyle he found in
Tortue Yard, a settlement in tropical woods near Nassau.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Nintendo offers $20K for hackers to debug 3DS flaws

LENGTH: 295  words


Piracy has been a major problem for game consoles and Nintendo is taking new
preventive measures to counter it.

The Japanese gaming titan is offering as much as $20,000 (P992,270) for hackers
to crack down their flagship device, Nintendo 3DS, and find certain security
flaws that may be exploited by users.

Nintendo is willing to take the unconventional route and actually encourage
hackers to use their expertise in the field, after recent reports that their
handheld consoles are among the most popular targets of cyber pirates.

The new vulnerability reward program for the 3DS was made possible by the
company's partnership with San Francisco, USA-based security firm HackerOne,
GamerRant reports.

The promised bounty ranges from $100 (P4,961) to the full $20K depending the
amount of vulnerabilities they could find and fix.

According to Nintendo's official bounty listing, these 'highly skilled
researchers' should focus on bugs exclusively on the 3DS and specifically look
out for the following:

Piracy, including game application dumping and copied game application execution
such as the well-known 'R4' Cartridge Exploit.

Cheating, including game application modifications and save data modifications.

Dissemination of inappropriate content to children.

System and hardware exploits regarding the 3DS and its various models currently
on the market.

And any exploits regarding Nintendo-published applications for the 3DS.

Furthermore, the company said the bugs that are already known to the public will
not be eligible for the reward and that they will 'not disclose how the reward
amount is calculated'.

The program is believed to have been triggered by the amount of piracy that
their latest game, Pokemon Sun and Moon, has experienced after being launched
just a month ago.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                            January 2, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

250,000 SNAPCHAT ACCOUNTS HACKED;
Phone numbers of app users leaked online as 'security flaws' highlighted

BYLINE: MIRROR REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 399 words


UP to quarter of a million Irish people could be hit after Snapchat was hacked,
it has emerged.

The social media app has had some of the phone numbers of its users published
online.

Up to 11% of the population of Ireland use Snapchat and have been warned that
their details may have been put online.

The statement from the hackers said: "This information was acquired through the
recently patched Snapchat exploit and is being shared with the public to raise
awareness on the issue.

"The company was too reluctant at patching the exploit until they knew it was
too late and companies that we trust with our information should be more careful
when dealing with it.

"For now, we have censored the last two digits of the phone numbers in order to
minimise spam and abuse."

The published phone numbers do not include the last two digits.

Up to 4.6 million people around the globe are affected by the hacking.

In the statement, hackers SnapchatDB added it is making the data available in an
effort to convince the messaging app to beef up its security.

It said: "Our motivation behind the release was to raise the public awareness
around the issue, and also put public pressure on Snapchat to get this exploit
fixed. It is understandable that tech startups have limited resources but
security and privacy should not be a secondary goal. Security matters as much as
user experience does."

The app was named yesterday as among the most downloaded of the year alongside
Vine and Candy Crush Saga.

While old favourites such as Instagram, Facebook and Twitter continued to be
popular, Snapchat eclipsed them in downloads last year.

It became the sixth most downloaded free he app of the year on the App Store,
Apple revealed. Craig Palli, chief strategy officer at Fiksu, said: "Snapchat
went from being a niche app to achieving much more critical mass, so much so
that Facebook was reportedly willing to spend billions of dollars to acquire the
company."

With Snapchat, users can send photos and videos that disappear shortly after
they are viewed. Launched in 2011, the app's user base continued to grow rapidly
in 2013, with more than 13 million people using the app in October.

In December alone, more than 400 million pieces of content were shared through
the app, claim Snapchat, which is based in Venice, CA. The Irish Mirror
contacted the company last night but nobody was available for comment.

news@irishmirror.ie

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: POPULAR Snapchat is used by 11% of the Irish population

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2014 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                             August 21, 2015 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Subway poster boy Jared pleads guilty to child porn revelations

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. A010

LENGTH: 380  words


Subway poster boy Jared pleads guilty to child porn revelations Jared Fogle.

For more than a decade, Jared Fogle was the everyman who touted Subway
sandwiches and a role model for Americans struggling to lose weight. Now, he
faces up to 12 years in prison for his involvement in a years-long scheme to
sexually exploit children, he'll have to pay $US1.4million ($1.9million) to 14
victims, and his wife is divorcing him.

Between 2010 and 2013, Fogle, while travelling in New York City, paid to have
sex with two teenage girls, according to a criminal complaint. The incidents
occurred at the Plaza and Ritz Carlton Hotels, where Fogle was staying, often
for business travel.

"Let's call this what it is," Josh Minkler, US lawyer for the Southern District
of Indiana, said in a news conference on Wednesday afternoon. "This is about
using wealth, status and secrecy to illegally exploit children."

Fogle admitted on Wednesday that he knew that Russell Taylor, a former executive
at Fogle's Jared Foundation, which focused on inner-city kids, was sexually
exploiting a 14-year-old girl in 2011, according to prosecutors. Instead of
stopping the abuse, prosecutors say, Fogle chose to "receive and repeatedly
view" the pornography Taylor produced of the girl. Taylor targeted a total of 12
children between ages nine and 16, none of whom knew they were being filmed,
prosecutors say.

Fogle, 37, will plead guilty to one count of distribution and receipt of child
pornography and one count of travelling to engage in unlawful sex acts with
minors. Fogle appeared on Wednesday before a federal judge to hear the charges
and was released on home detention with GPS monitoring.

"I think he's probably going to stay around, but if not, we'll find him," Steven
DeBrota, of the US Attorney's Office, said. "I don't think Jared can flee very
far without getting recognised."

Fogle began appearing in Subway advertisements in 2000, after the story of his
dramatic weight loss appeared in Men's Health magazine, and he soon found
himself at the centre of one of the United States' most successful and enduring
advertising campaigns.

Shortly after the announcement, Subway said on Twitter that it considered
Fogle's actions "inexcusable" and that they "do not represent our brand's
values".

Los Angeles Times

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2015 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    December 11, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Number Of The Year: Kaspersky Lab Is Detecting 315,000 New Malicious Files Every
Day

LENGTH: 598  words


Wednesday, December 11, 2013: The overall global Internet threat level grew by
6.9 percentage points - in 2013, 41.6% of user computers were attacked at least
once. In order to conduct all these attacks over the Internet in 2013,
cybercriminals used1 10,604,273 unique hosts, which is 60.5% more than in 2012.
The USA and Russia are the leading hosts of malicious web resources - 45% of web
attacks neutralized by Kaspersky Lab products were launched from these
countries.

2013 also saw a further increase in the security issues around mobiles, with a
new level of maturity in terms of the sophistication and number of these
threats. Most malicious mobile apps principally aimed to steal money, and
subsequently personal data. Android is still the main target, attracting a
whopping 98.05% of known malware.

Day by day

Kaspersky Lab is detecting 315,000 new malicious files every day. Last year's
number was 200,000

Kaspersky Lab's products repelled an average of 4,659,920 attacks on users every
day when they were online.

Twice as dangerous

The number of browser-based attacks over the last two years has almost doubled
to 1,700,870,654

Kaspersky Lab detected 104,427 new modifications of malicious programs for
mobile devices, which is 125% more than in 2012

In October 2013 alone we saw 19,966 mobile malware new modifications. That's 50%
of the total that Kaspersky Lab found in the whole of 2012, uncovered in a
single month.

Who's at the highest risk?

Based on 2013's figures, 15 countries can be assigned to a high risk group based
on their risk level while surfing the Internet. Russia, Austria, Germany,
several former Soviet republics and several Asian countries had 41-60% of
Kaspersky Lab users reporting attempted web attacks on their computers.

Most popular1 vulnerable applications exploited by cybercriminals

90.52% of all detected attempts to exploit vulnerabilities targeted Oracle Java.
These vulnerabilities are exploited in drive-by attacks conducted via the
Internet, and new Java exploits are now present in lots of exploit packs.

Top malicious programs on the Internet

Seven of the Top 20 malicious programs on the Internet were threats that are
blocked during attempted drive-by attacks. This is currently the most common
attack method for web-based malware. The verdicts in Kaspersky Lab's ranking are
assigned to scripts that redirect to exploits as well as to the exploits
themselves.

Mobile threats

"There is unlikely to be any slow-down in development of malicious apps,
especially for Android. To date, the majority of malware has been designed to
get access to the device. In the future, there is also a high probability that
the first mass worm for Android will appear. Android ticks all the boxes for
cybercriminals - it's a widely-used OS that is easy to use for both app
developers and malware authors alike", Christian Funk, Senior Virus Analyst,
Kaspersky Lab, commented.

Villain of the year

Obad, probably the most remarkable discovery in the mobile field in 2013, is
being distributed by multiple methods, including pre-established mobile botnets.
This malware is probably the most versatile piece of mobile malware found to
date, including a staggering total of three exploits, a backdoor, SMS Trojan and
bot capabilities and further functionalities. It's a kind of Swiss Army knife,
comprising a whole range of different tools.

Local threats

Kaspersky Lab products detected almost 3 billion malware attacks on user
computers. A total of 1.8 million malicious and potentially unwanted programs
were detected in these attacks.

The full report is available on securelist.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2013 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 4, 2012 Saturday

Oakland Raiders notebook: Injury slows receiver Denarius Moore

BYLINE: By Jerry McDonald jmcdonald@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Raiders; Football

LENGTH: 423 words


NAPA -- Denarius Moore sat out the second half of practice Saturday because of a
right-hamstring strain, which virtually assures there will be no replay of last
year's transcendent training-camp performance.

Moore's Napa exploits were used as momentum toward a rookie season in which he
caught 33 passes for 618 yards, averaging 18.7 yards per reception, and a
team-high five receiving touchdowns.

"It's a little frustrating coming in, knowing that you have an injury, watching
your teammates practice, going through it and grinding," Moore said. "It's
something you can't control, and you've got to sit back and just let it heal on
its own.''

Moore injured the hamstring during the club's mandatory minicamp six weeks ago
and said he was fully healed -- only to reinjure it during the second practice
of training camp.

Raiders coach Dennis Allen, having faced Moore as defensive coordinator for the
Denver Broncos last season, doesn't need to see the receiver relive his
training-camp exploits at the expense of his health.

"I got a chance to see him last year up close and personal, so I know what type
of player he is and what he's capable of being," Allen said. "Those hamstrings
can be a nagging deal, so we're going to be cautious and make sure we've got him
ready to go come the Monday night opener."

Moore conceded he surprised himself with his performance as a rookie, but he has
put it behind him.

"I just have to let it go, because it's a new year and I expect more from
myself, just like the team expects more and the coaches expect more," Moore
said. "It's just got to be more."

Starting right cornerback Shawntae Spencer has been seen trailing open receivers
for the early portion of training camp.

"I think he's been a little up and down in camp," Allen said. "We're going to
continue to push him and see where he's at. I'm not pushing the panic button
with him. Obviously with all these guys we want to continue to see some
improvement."

Approximately 1,000 fans viewed practice, with the final public session Sunday
for those with tickets.

Wide receiver Eddie McGee did not practice because of a hamstring strain, and
tight end Richard Gordon, originally out because of a hip flexor, has an
infection in his leg.

Also sitting out were defensive tackle Travis Ivey (conditioning), linebacker
Aaron Curry (knee), cornerback Ron Bartell (hamstring) and punter Shane Lechler
(knee).

For more on the Raiders, visit the Inside the Oakland Raiders blog
atibabuzz.com/oaklandraiders . Follow Jerry McDonald on Twitter
atTwitter.com/Jerrymcd .

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            August 4, 2012 Saturday

Oakland Raiders notebook: Injury slows receiver Denarius Moore

BYLINE: By Jerry McDonald jmcdonald@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Raiders; News; Football

LENGTH: 423 words


NAPA -- Denarius Moore sat out the second half of practice Saturday because of a
right-hamstring strain, which virtually assures there will be no replay of last
year's transcendent training-camp performance.

Moore's Napa exploits were used as momentum toward a rookie season in which he
caught 33 passes for 618 yards, averaging 18.7 yards per reception, and a
team-high five receiving touchdowns.

"It's a little frustrating coming in, knowing that you have an injury, watching
your teammates practice, going through it and grinding," Moore said. "It's
something you can't control, and you've got to sit back and just let it heal on
its own.''

Moore injured the hamstring during the club's mandatory minicamp six weeks ago
and said he was fully healed -- only to reinjure it during the second practice
of training camp.

Raiders coach Dennis Allen, having faced Moore as defensive coordinator for the
Denver Broncos last season, doesn't need to see the receiver relive his
training-camp exploits at the expense of his health.

"I got a chance to see him last year up close and personal, so I know what type
of player he is and what he's capable of being," Allen said. "Those hamstrings
can be a nagging deal, so we're going to be cautious and make sure we've got him
ready to go come the Monday night opener."

Moore conceded he surprised himself with his performance as a rookie, but he has
put it behind him.

"I just have to let it go, because it's a new year and I expect more from
myself, just like the team expects more and the coaches expect more," Moore
said. "It's just got to be more."

Starting right cornerback Shawntae Spencer has been seen trailing open receivers
for the early portion of training camp.

"I think he's been a little up and down in camp," Allen said. "We're going to
continue to push him and see where he's at. I'm not pushing the panic button
with him. Obviously with all these guys we want to continue to see some
improvement."

Approximately 1,000 fans viewed practice, with the final public session Sunday
for those with tickets.

Wide receiver Eddie McGee did not practice because of a hamstring strain, and
tight end Richard Gordon, originally out because of a hip flexor, has an
infection in his leg.

Also sitting out were defensive tackle Travis Ivey (conditioning), linebacker
Aaron Curry (knee), cornerback Ron Bartell (hamstring) and punter Shane Lechler
(knee).

For more on the Raiders, visit the Inside the Oakland Raiders blog
atibabuzz.com/oaklandraiders . Follow Jerry McDonald on Twitter
atTwitter.com/Jerrymcd .

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                            November 9, 2010 Tuesday

Printer's  £1.7m swoop

BYLINE: Shelina Begum

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 500 words


High street printing

and design business Printing.com, which has its headquarters in Greater
Manchester, has bought a Dutch firm for  £1.7m as it seeks to expand in the euro
zone.

The Trafford Park company has acquired Media Facility Group (MFG), which
operates from Rotterdam and employs

25 staff.

Printing.com said the cash and shares acquisition would enable the group to
exploit its intellectual property in other international markets. The deal came
as Printing.com reported a slight dip in profits and turnover for the six months
to September 30.

Revenues fell to  £7.1m from  £7.13m a year earlier, while pre-tax profits
slipped to  £620,000 from  £870,000. Chief executive at Printing.com, Tony
Rafferty, said: We're looking forward to working with our new partners at MFG to
establish a pre-

eminent position in the Dutch marketplace. This provides an excellent
opportunity for Printing.com to further exploit its intellectual property within
the euro zone.

Half of MFG's production will be brought to Manchester, with products being
shipped to

Rotterdam every night.

Mr Rafferty said: The company printed its material externally and has been
spending  £4m a year on this.

By bringing production to Manchester we will be saving costs in the long run,
and we wanted to use the capacity of our factory to produce as much volume as we
can.

Meanwhile, Mr Rafferty said a lack of confidence among small to medium-sized
businesses in the north and the Midlands had meant a dip in first-half sales.

While Printing.com's performance in London and the south east showed growth of
5.9 per cent, trading volumes elsewhere across the UK contracted by 4.5 per
cent.

Mr Rafferty said: It is the first time we have encountered this in 10 years.
Even though we are being told the economy is in recovery, this is not being
reflected in the attitude of consumers and, until this actually happens, we
wanted to do something new, and took the opportunity to make an acquisition in
Holland.

MFG's last filed accounts for 2009 showed a profit of  £12,000. The company
sells printed items, including flyers, leaflets, business cards and letterheads.

Printing.com has a chain of 291 printing outlets across the UK and Ireland,
supplying 65,000 SMEs. It is also launching a service targeting high-value
clients with a template-driven system which cuts out the cost of graphic
designers.

Mr Rafferty added: The appeal lies in saving money on the elimination of an art
worker. Companies have access to a template though our website which they can
upload their own images to as well as change the design. This will then be sent
to our printers. It's a much faster system which will appeal to larger
businesses.

â   EXPANSION in the private sector continued in the north west last month but
the level of new orders was at its lowest for a year, new figures show. Research
by information services company Markit indicated growth was stronger among
manufacturers than service sector firms, as they saw improved demand in the UK
and from abroad.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LOOKING TO EUROPE Tony Rafferty said: This provides an excellent
opportunity for Printing.com'

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            September 2, 2005 Friday
                                  City Edition

Be alert for storm victim surge

SECTION: OPINION; OUR VIEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 326 words


AND SO the recriminations have begun.

Hurricane Katrina's effects could have been mitigated had President Bush bought
in to the global warming theory. The storm's victims are being harmed, if not
killed, by inattention. If only Louisiana's National Guard members weren't being
shot at in Iraq, they'd be available for relief and rescue duty.

These are but a few observations heard in the first 48 hours after landfall. One
would expect grieving victims to lose their objectivity and feel abandoned. But
we all know too well how victim status can grow with time rather than diminish.
Witness Cindy Sheehan.

It happened here after the April 1995 bombing. While most victims and survivors
went about their lives, a few became professional victims and remain that way.
It happened in New York and New Jersey after Sept. 11. Some victims in both
cases still can't accept the fact that criminals bent on murder did their deeds
with no thought to who would be harmed.

Government response to natural disaster is always hit and miss. Victims of
Oklahoma tornadoes are often frustrated by the slow response. Patience wears
thin. Understandable. But not objective. In the end, public and private relief
efforts cover the bases. It takes time, and hungry and homeless refugees feel as
though time is running out on their lives. For some it will, so massive and
widespread is the damage along the Gulf Coast.

For most, though, relief will come and their lives will be restored. Some will
make the choice to become professional victims. Others will exploit the tragedy
for political gain. It happened here and after 9/11 when anti-abortion activists
cheapened the tragedies by citing the far greater death toll from Roe v. Wade.

It's happening now with global warming and anti-war zealots, never reluctant to
exploit tragedy and death to score political points. They will only get louder
in coming days. We are all victims of these reprehensible attempts to politicize
a national tragedy.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Ames Tribune, Iowa

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Women's Basketball: After Christofferson's latest exploits, ISU focuses on
countering double teams

BYLINE: Cody Westerlund, Ames Tribune, Iowa

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 745 words


Dec. 10--Hallie Christofferson's reputation is truly beginning to precede her.

In the Iowa State women's basketball team's 79-52 win against Cal State
Fullerton on Sunday afternoon at Hilton Coliseum, Christofferson encountered
more double teams than she'd seen all season. On traditional post-ups on or near
the block, the Titans consistently ran a guard at Christofferson on the catch.

That it took eight games for an opponent to fully commit to this tactic was a
bigger surprise to the Cyclones than the career-high 33 points Christofferson
registered. For a month into the season, they've become accustomed to the senior
star's superb play and gaudy averages of 25.0 points (ninth nationally) and 7.6
rebounds while shooting 57 percent from the field and 93 percent from the
free-throw line -- even if she's facing double teams.

"It's Hallie," ISU point guard Nikki Moody said. "I'm not surprised. I expect
it. I expect the best from her every game, and that's what she did."

Moody relayed her words from the same dais fellow junior guard Brynn Williamson
had sat at four nights earlier after ISU routed Northern Iowa, a game in which
the foul-plagued Christofferson scored 22 points in 22 minutes. As the ISU
players' unofficial spokesperson, Williamson emphasized how crazy it is that
teammates have redefined their grading curve for Christofferson.

"I don't really notice it until I see the stat sheet after the game, just
because it's so -- she's so automatic for points," Williamson said of
Christofferson's scoring exploits.

"Hallie's picked up every single person that hasn't been scoring. It's scary to
think that what you might not consider her best game is 22 points, you know? So
I think when other teams see that, their eyes are just like, 'Whoa, like that's
a crazy number.'

"For us, that's Hallie Christofferson. That's how she plays every game."

On Sunday, part of Fullerton's double-team strategy stemmed from the familiarity
that Titans assistant coach Steven Fennelly, son of Cyclones coach Bill Fennelly
and an ISU staffer for the past six seasons, had of Christofferson's talents.
Steven's long sang Christofferson's praises, calling her the Doug McDermott of
women's basketball because of her versatility.

Now, the rest of the sport is learning why that might be.

"We have an All-American on our team," Bill Fennelly said. "And there's not many
teams in this country who can say (that). A lot of people say they have an
All-American because they're promoting them. We have one. That's not for debate.

"It's just a matter of ... what's the ceiling for her?"

What Fennelly wants Christofferson and his Cyclones to work on is to react to
the double teams faster. He wants his guards to deliver Christofferson the ball
earlier in the shot clock, before the defense is set. From there, she has to "do
a better job of catching, facing up, getting rid of the ball," Fennelly said.

Lastly, the second pass out of the double team has to beat the recovering
defenders. Fennelly thought ISU held the ball too long against Fullerton.

"You got to make the other guy pay for the double team," Fennelly said.

Against the No. 21 Iowa squad that No. 17 ISU (8-0) hosts Thursday at Hilton
Coliseum, Fennelly expects all those aspects to be key, as the Hawkeyes (10-1)
have heavily relied on zone defenses, which make double teaming "easier," he
said.

"I'll just keep one eye open for that," Christofferson said. "If more people are
on me, somebody's got to be open. So you just try to find the open person.

"We really emphasize floor spacing. We have to get to our spots. If we get in
our offense and have our ball-handlers handling the ball, it works pretty
smoothly."

Williamson good to go, but Baier likely out for season

Williamson missed Sunday's game due to a head contusion she previously suffered
in practice, but she will be "good to go" when ISU hosts Iowa, Fennelly said.
Williamson participated in Monday's practice.

The outlook for sophomore reserve post Madison Baier is far more unfortunate.
Baier is expected to miss the rest of the regular season after suffering an ACL
tear in her right knee in the second half Sunday, the school announced late
Monday.

It continues a string of setbacks for Baier, who missed parts of last season
with foot and ankle injuries. She was averaging 1.9 points and 3.0 rebounds in
10.8 minutes per game as ISU's eighth man.

___ (c)2013 Ames Tribune, Iowa Visit the Ames Tribune, Iowa at www.amestrib.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131210-1AT-Women-s-Basketball-After-Christofferson-s-latest-exploits
-ISU-focuses-on-20131210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AT


                                 Copyright 2013


                              644 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            March 26, 2016 Saturday

Alaska Man Sentenced to 216 Months for Attempting to Sexually Exploit Children
in Cambodia

LENGTH: 402  words


An Anchorage, Alaska, man was sentenced for attempting to sexually exploit
children in Cambodia over the course of four years and attempting to arrange a
child sex tourism trip for himself and others to Cambodia, announced Assistant
Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Departments Criminal Division
and U.S. Attorney Karen L. Loeffler of the District of Alaska.

Jason Jayavarman, 45, was sentenced yesterday to serve 216 months in prison and
a lifetime term of supervised release by U.S. District Judge Sharon L. Gleason
of the District of Alaska for his March 2015 conviction of attempted sexual
exploitation of children and attempted travel with the intent to engage in
illicit sexual conduct in a foreign place.

The evidence presented at trial established that over the course of 12 trips to
Cambodia between 2010 and his arrest in 2013, Jayavarman produced multiple
videos of himself engaging in sexual acts with an individual who he believed to
be a child.  Jayavarman then transported the recordings back to the United
States.

According to trial evidence, Jayavarman also planned a trip for himself and
others to Cambodia for the purpose of engaging in sexual activity with children
as young as 12 years old.  Trial evidence demonstrated that Jayavarman explained
to one of the other potential travelers  who was an undercover FBI agent  how to
groom a child for sex, avoid law enforcement detection and record high quality
mementos of the sexual abuse.

Jayavarmans child exploitation activities came to light following a concerned
citizens anonymous tip to Crime Stoppers.

The FBI and the Anchorage Police Department investigated the case.  Trial
Attorney Ravi Sinha of the Criminal Divisions Child Exploitation and Obscenity
Section (CEOS) and Assistant U.S. Attorney Audrey J. Renschen of the District of
Alaska prosecuted the case.

This case was brought as part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide initiative
to combat the growing epidemic of child sexual exploitation and abuse launched
in May 2006 by the Department of Justice.  Led by U.S. Attorneys Offices and
CEOS, Project Safe Childhood marshals federal, state and local resources to
better locate, apprehend and prosecute individuals who exploit children via the
Internet, as well as to identify and rescue victims.  For more information about
Project Safe Childhood, please visit www.justice.gov /psc. 2016 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           March 12, 2014, Wednesday

Library's `shelfies' put witty twist on social media photos

BYLINE: Mary Beth Breckenridge, Akron Beacon Journal

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. P2D

LENGTH: 652 words


AKRON, Ohio - What do you get when bookshelves pose for a picture?

A group shelfie, of course.

Go ahead and groan, but give the Akron-Summit County Public Library credit for a
pretty good visual pun.

For the last few weeks, the Ohio library has been coaxing smiles from its social
media followers with its "shelfies, cleverly planned photos of books and other
materials on its shelves. The pictures have included a shelfie of Devo videos in
memory of band member Bob Casale; a roundup of Richard Simmons exercise videos
as an antidote for the indulgences of Fat Tuesday; and the aforementioned group
shot, a witty picture of rows of shelves at the Main Library, sunlight streaming
from a window to give the photo some ironically misplaced gravitas.

The concept is, of course, a less narcissistic twist on selfies, self-portraits
that have become a staple on social media sites.

Michael Derr, the overseer of the library system's social media efforts and a
committed foodie, had seen cookbook shelfies on food sites and thought the
concept might work well for the library. He started posting the photos in
mid-February on the library's Facebook, Twitter and Instagram sites.

(You can follow the library's shelfie exploits on Facebook at
facebook.com/akronlibrary, on Twitter at twitter.com/akronlibrary, and on
Instagram at instagram.com/akronlibrary.)

"We were trying to find a way to make our Facebook page a little more
interesting and get people talking, Derr said. It's also a way to counter the
impression that the library is a staid place, he said.

"I certainly didn't invent it, he said of the trend, "but we're willing to
exploit it.

Where the shelfie idea started is hard to pinpoint, but the concept was boosted
by the British newspaper The Guardian, which in December urged readers to post
pictures of their bookshelves on social media and created the hashtag shelfie to
categorize the photos.

The New York Public Library took the concept further, declaring a Library
Shelfie Day on Jan. 29 to encourage postings by book lovers using the hashtag
libraryshelfie. Organizers Morgan Holzer and Billy Parrott were inspired by
Museum Selfie Day earlier that month, when museum employees and visitors were
urged to shoot themselves - metaphorically speaking - in front of museum
displays as a way of promoting those exhibits.

Holzer and Parrott posted shelfies every day for a week leading up to Shelfie
Day to stir up interest. But they didn't see much evidence of the event being
promoted by other libraries, so they anticipated getting maybe 100 submissions,
said Holzer, the New York library's information architect and unofficial keeper
of its Instagram account.

By the end of the day, about 1,500 photos had been posted on Instagram and
another 1,800 on Twitter, she said. "It was kind of insane.

There were photos of bookshelves arranged in rainbow order, photos of cats on
bookshelves, photos of people hiding behind books. They came from individuals as
well as 248 libraries and other institutions from 14 countries, including a
hospital library and a fourth-grade class in Pennsylvania.

Now Derr is trying to keep the fun going in Akron, but feeding the shelfie beast
isn't always easy. He had some trouble coming up with a theme for last
Wednesday's post, the start of Lent being off limits for such tongue-in-cheek
treatment. But his research turned up an obscure observance: National Cheese
Doodle Day.

"I did a run to the vending machines, and thankfully we had some cheese doodles,
he said. The result: a shelfie showing a bowlful of the unnaturally colored
snacks next to books on cheese. After all, who hasn't snacked on something
sinful while in the grip of a good read?

Derr admitted the library might have sent a confusing message with that one.
"Typically, we discourage that behavior, he said with a laugh.

But if the post encourages people to read, he said, then it's worth a few
orange-stained pages.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              646 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Plastics News

                                October 25, 2010

Autodesk bringing product design to the masses

BYLINE: Robert Grace

SECTION: Pg. 9 Vol. 22

LENGTH: 594  words


Software makers such as Autodesk Inc. have a fancy toolbox full of gee-whiz
computer-aided-design and simulation products. Their aim now is to simplify user
interfaces so that more non-computer-science specialists - such as average
design engineers or industrial designers - can exploit those tools, relieving
the bottleneck in many companies' product-design workflow.

Since San Rafael, Calif.-based Autodesk, known for its AutoCAD design software,
bought Moldflow Corp., a maker of computer-aided-engineering software for
plastics, for about $297 million in May 2008, the efforts have had an even more
pronounced effect on those designing plastic parts.

Moldflow, in Framingham, Mass., "has a really good reputation in the industry
right now," said Keith Perrin, an Autodesk senior industry manager for
manufacturing in Lake Oswego, Ore.

"So we want to enable as many people as possible to get a hold of that magic."
He pointed to two current projects as examples.

The first, called Project Krypton, is available for free trial downloads from
Autodesk Labs until Nov. 13. The software plug-in provides advice to design
engineers during early stages of plastic part design. In addition to integrating
with Autodesk's Inventor and Inventor LT software, it also is compatible with
the SolidWorks program from competitor Dassault Systèmes.

"Krypton is a really simple-to-use tool that allows an average engineer, a
regular guy, to undertake some basic mold analysis," Perrin said in an interview
at the recent Industrial Designers Society of America international conference
in Portland.

The product gives some simple feedback to the user, live and dynamically and
within seconds, based on cost, manufacturability and sustainability guidelines,
he said.

Previously, Perrin said, a user needed to have significant knowledge about not
just plastic fill simulation, for example, but also the computer science behind
it. "And that really limited the ability of any engineer to just pick it up and
get to grips with it."

Autodesk also is working on Project Cumulus, which exploits the current trend
toward cloud computing, or the hosting of high-powered computer services via the
Internet, to allow more people to execute tasks that previously might have
required the user's own company to have access to a heavy-duty mainframe or
supercomputer.

"We're providing a whole bunch of servers, to allow companies to undertake
simulation out there, in their analysis. That really broadens dramatically the
scope of simulation that can be undertaken and the ease of use," Perrin said.
"An analysis that frankly wasn't possible before suddenly is possible."

The company said Project Cumulus aims to help design engineers and plastics
specialists who use Autodesk's Moldflow Insight software to optimize their
injection molded plastic part designs and manufacturing processes. It's also
currently available in preview mode.

The pressure to come up with designs that lower costs and product weight while
maintaining quality "is particularly pervasive in the automotive industry, but
can be seen in the consumer products industry as well," a company spokeswoman
said.

Project Cumulus will allow design engineers to use powerful computational power
from the cloud for their simulations, enabling analysis that wasn't previously
possible, increasing productivity and freeing up the engineers' desktops for
other work.

"All I need is a Web browser to get at it, couched in a very simple-to-use way,"
said Perrin. "We think it's going to change the way people do simulation. We're
quite excited about it."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                      Copyright 2010 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Anadolu Agency (AA)

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

US: Gulen schools face financial misconduct complaint

LENGTH: 799 words


Features

archive

By Kasim Ileri and Esra Kaymak Avci

WASHINGTON

An international law firm on Tuesday issued a complaint against Fetullah
Gulen-linked schools in Ohio, citing improper financial affairs to exploit
public funds.

Attorney Robert Amsterdam, a co-founder of Amsterdam & Partners LLP that is
investigating Gulen's global network on behalf of the Turkish government,
announced the complaint during a press conference in Columbus, Ohio.

"In the Ohio complaint that we are filing, we have identified $19 million in
excessive profit in real estate scam," Amsterdam said.

He called the alleged misconduct by the Gulen group a "closed-loop leasing
scam."

The group is also called the Fetullah Gulen Terrorist Organization (FETO) in
Turkey as it tried to establish a quasi-state within the Turkish state and
eventually led an unsuccessful military coup in July.

According to Amsterdam, Gulen-linked companies are buying properties and leasing
them to the Gulen-linked Concept schools in Ohio known as Horizon Science
Academy and Noble Academies.

"They do it by being on both sides -- and sometimes three sides -- of a
transaction," he said.

Citing the complaint, Amsterdam said a company named Breeze Inc. is acquiring
properties for Gulen charter schools, and a non-profit organization named New
Plan Learning -- which acts as an umbrella group for Breeze -- have bought,
renovated, leased and sold properties to each other to exploit the public fund
provided to them.

In 2005, Breeze bought a building and two parcels of land for $1.25 million,
Amsterdam said, but the founder of the company and Gulen's Concept schools,
Vedat Akgun, leased the property on behalf of a Concept school in Cincinnati,
since generating more than $3.6 million in rental fees.

The complaint provides several other examples showing similar transactions.

"This real estate scam is in addition to the visa scam," Amsterdam added.

He said Gulen's network brought about 700 unqualified teachers to Ohio through
the U.S. H1B visa program, costing Ohio taxpayers nearly $3 million.

According to Amsterdam, there are more than 150 charter schools run by
Gulen-linked individuals, 17 of which are in Ohio.

In Ohio, 10 schools are renters of New Plan Learning Inc. and pay far higher
rents than other schools that rent buildings from unaffiliated companies, he
said.

Amsterdam warned against Gulen network's penetration efforts in the U.S., noting
their contracts for charter schools on some military bases.

He called for American authorities to launch a thorough investigation into the
Gulen organization.

Since 2013, the Turkish government has worked to remove Gulen members from
government positions.

Immediately after the July 15 coup attempt, Turkey requested Washington
extradite the leader of the group. The request is still being reviewed by the
Justice Department.

The complaint against the Gulen-linked schools comes as a leading U.S. magazine
detailed how FETO eased into strategic positions within the Turkish government
for years and penetrated the state to change it from within.

Dexter Filkins based his article, Turkey's Thirty-Year Coup, for the latest
edition of The New Yorker based on an exclusive interview with Gulen, witnesses
and research conducted overseas.

According to an interview in 2011 with Orhan Gazi Ertekin, a secular judge in
Ankara, Gulen controlled the Turkish justice system.

Ertekin said a group of Gulenist fellow judges conspired during a judicial
convention about who to exclude and who to choose for Turkey's Supreme Council
of Judges and Prosecutors, the article says.

According to Filkins, top U.S. officials wrote letters of support for Gulen to
obtain a green card in 2008, including CIA National Intelligence Council former
vice chairman Graham Fuller, ex-CIA official George Fidas and former U.S.
Ambassador to Turkey Morton Abramowitz.

In addition to officials, Filkins also spoke to former Gulenists who were in
high positions within the organization when they decided to split from the group
after witnessing some of the goings on within the structure.

Said Alpsoy, who operated for 17 years within FETO and split from the group in
2003, told Filkins that people often lost themselves in fantastical rituals
inside the movement.

Alpsoy "witnessed hundreds of times" a group of men gather in a room, grabbed
someone among them, pinned his legs and arms, removed his socks and shoes and
kissed his feet, often against his will.

He added that on one occasion a man appeared at a service with a shoe that he
said had been worn by Gulen.

"People were so excited, they stripped the leather from the shoe and boiled it
for a long time. Then they cut the leather into pieces and ate it," he said.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/148/400/46/147622381478.jpg?v=225105

US: Gulen schools face financial misconduct complaint

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 400


                          Copyright 2016 Andolu Ajansi
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                          September 22, 2010 Wednesday

Kiwi link to Twitter 'mouseover' chaos

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 265 words


The so-called 'mouseover' hack that crippled Twitter overnight appears to have
involved one or more Auckland students.

The exploit was spread by users simply scrolling over infected links with their
mouse, forcing pop-up windows and links to porn websites or sending tweets from
users' accounts.

Many users saw strings of computer code in their message feeds and inadvertently
passed them on to their follower lists.

The 'attack' originated from an Auckland-based user with links to University of
Auckland.

That user later attributed the hack to his friend, a well-known local DJ.

Numerous Twitter posts about the attack have backed this up, crediting the DJ
for the destructive exploit code.

But it has since been revealed that the code itself was supplied by a Japanese
programmer, and did not originate in New Zealand.

The account that sparked the problem has since been disabled, and the bug was
fixed early this morning by Twitter.

Carolyn Penner from San Francisco-based Twitter told nzherald.co.nz that the
microblogging service won't be looking at pressing charges over the exploit
incident.

"We won't be publicly identifying individuals who may or may not have been
involved," she said. "We, of course, won't be pursuing legal action."

A Police spokesperson says they are "aware of the recent issue Twitter has with
a user but we have no further information on how it happened or who is
responsible."

Those hit by the bug included White House press secretary Robert Gibbs, with
97,000 followers and Sarah Brown, wife of former British PM Gordon Brown, with
1.1 million followers.

- NZ HERALD STAFF

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           September 21, 2010 Tuesday

Kiwi link to Twitter 'mouseover' chaos

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 265 words


The so-called 'mouseover' hack that crippled Twitter overnight appears to have
involved one or more Auckland students.

The exploit was spread by users simply scrolling over infected links with their
mouse, forcing pop-up windows and links to porn websites or sending tweets from
users' accounts.

Many users saw strings of computer code in their message feeds and inadvertently
passed them on to their follower lists.

The 'attack' originated from an Auckland-based user with links to University of
Auckland.

That user later attributed the hack to his friend, a well-known local DJ.

Numerous Twitter posts about the attack have backed this up, crediting the DJ
for the destructive exploit code.

But it has since been revealed that the code itself was supplied by a Japanese
programmer, and did not originate in New Zealand.

The account that sparked the problem has since been disabled, and the bug was
fixed early this morning by Twitter.

Carolyn Penner from San Francisco-based Twitter told nzherald.co.nz that the
microblogging service won't be looking at pressing charges over the exploit
incident.

"We won't be publicly identifying individuals who may or may not have been
involved," she said. "We, of course, won't be pursuing legal action."

A Police spokesperson says they are "aware of the recent issue Twitter has with
a user but we have no further information on how it happened or who is
responsible."

Those hit by the bug included White House press secretary Robert Gibbs, with
97,000 followers and Sarah Brown, wife of former British PM Gordon Brown, with
1.1 million followers.

- NZ HERALD STAFF

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                              June 5, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Vista plays hide-and-seek with hackers for security

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 406  words


Microsoft is starting a game of hide-and-seek with malicious code writers.

Windows Vista Beta 2 includes a new security feature designed to protect against
buffer overrun exploits.

Called Address Space Layout Randomisation (ASLR), the feature loads key system
files in different memory locations each time the PC starts, making it harder
for malicious code to run, according to Microsoft.

"It is not a panacea, it is not a replacement for insecure code," Michael
Howard, a senior security program manager at Microsoft, wrote in a blog post
announcing the feature.

"But when used in conjunction with other technologies .. . it is a useful
defence, because it makes Windows systems look 'different' to malware, making
automated attacks harder."

A buffer overrun exploit is malicious code that seeks to exploit a common error
in computer code called a buffer overrun or buffer overflow. In such an attack,
data is stored beyond the boundaries of a buffer, with the result that the extra
data overwrites adjacent memory locations. This can cause a process to crash, or
allow malicious code to run.

ASLR is not a Microsoft invention. Several open-source security systems use it
already, including OpenBSD, and the PaX and Exec Shield patches for Linux.

Certain attacks attempt to call Windows system functions, such as the "socket()"
function in "wsock32.dll," to open a network socket. The new security feature
moves these system files around so they're in unpredictable locations.

In Windows Vista Beta 2, a DLL or EXE file could be loaded into any of 256
locations, Howard wrote.

"An attacker has a 1/256 chance of getting the address right," he wrote.

Randomisation seems to have served open- source systems fairly well, said Russ
Cooper, senior scientist at Cybertrust, a security vendor in Herndon, Virginia.
The question is how Microsoft implements ASLR and whether the randomisation is
predictable at all, he said.

"I suspect this will be the first thing looked for - something which tells you
which of the locations has been chosen, or anything that provides you with a
pointer," Cooper said.

Attackers could also create malicious software that tries to poke at all 256
memory locations.

However, that's more likely to cause the PC to crash, rather than allow a
complete compromise, Cooper said.

"That's good if all you care about is preventing malware from running, but it
might not bode well for keeping systems up and running," he said. - cnet.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 10, 2001 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Top E-Grocer Webvan Shuts Down

BYLINE: Anitha Reddy, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 677 words


Webvan, the Internet's largest and best-funded grocer, shut down yesterday and
said it plans to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy court protection.

Even with 750,000 customers and nearly 50 percent market share, the company's
expensive distribution system meant it couldn't make a profit.

The Foster City, Calif., company, which began operations in 1999, dazzled
venture capitalists and a giddy Wall Street with tales of harried moms doing
their food shopping from the family PC. It raised $ 800 million in the days when
investors still believed that Amazon.com would replace neighborhood bookstores.

Webvan had the biggest capitalization in a field of competitors that included
Peapod Inc., HomeRuns.com and Streamline, which folded last fall.

"Webvan was the bellwether for not only the online grocery industry but really
for online retailers, after Amazon," said Ken Cassar, a senior analyst at
Jupiter Media Metrix, who has shrunk his estimate of 2001 industry revenue by 20
percent to $ 800 million. He expects remaining competitors to pick up some of
Webvan's business, which was mainly on the West Coast -- in Portland, Seattle,
San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Diego -- as well as in Chicago.

Webvan's failure doesn't mean the online grocery business is dead, according to
analysts and competitors. Rather, they say that what's obsolete is Webvan's
particular business model -- one that rested on huge investments in stand-alone
distribution centers, ambitious turnaround times for deliveries and
sophisticated inventory software.

In contrast, Peapod, the online grocer majority-owned by the Dutch supermarket
conglomerate Royal Ahold NV, enters only those markets in which it can team up
with an existing retailer, allowing it to exploit existing warehouse space and
brand recognition. For instance, in the Washington area, Peapod has partnered
with Giant Food Inc., the dominant local grocer, which is also a Royal Ahold
subsidiary.

With the demise of Webvan, Peapod is now the country's largest online grocer.
The company, which also has operations in Chicago, Long Island, southern
Connecticut and Boston, had $ 93 million in revenue last year.

"Our business model is very different from that of a pure-play online retailer
such as Webvan," Peapod spokeswoman Paula Wheeler said. "We have a true
clicks-and-bricks model," using industry jargon for a combination of Internet
and traditional retail.

That cautious strategy is meant to allow Peapod to exploit the lower wholesale
prices Royal Ahold can negotiate with its suppliers to widen its profit margins.
Peapod has 120,000 customers nationally, but Wheeler would not say how many of
those are in the Washington area.

Perhaps most important, Peapod does not have to pour millions of dollars into
untested markets, constructing distribution facilities that may never be used to
capacity. Instead, the company's delivery service works out of "fast-pick
centers," converted backrooms of existing supermarkets.

It's a business model that emphasizes low entry costs and building a customer
base before investing in a free-standing distribution center.

And it couldn't be more different from Webvan's "Field of Dreams" model.

"Webvan epitomized the 'if you build it they will come' mentality that defined
the Internet retail sector through 2000," Cassar said.

The customers did come. Jupiter Media Matrix had predicted nearly half a billion
dollars in sales for Webvan in 2001. But even that kind of revenue couldn't
stanch the firm's bleeding -- the company lost $ 86 million on sales of $ 77
million in the first quarter.

The British will keep online grocery services alive in California. The British
supermarket chain Tesco, which did roughly $ 450 million of online business last
year, has partnered with Safeway Inc., the biggest grocer in California, to
revitalize the struggling online retailer GroceryWorks.

Tesco, like Peapod, integrated preexisting stores into its e-commerce plans by
having its delivery teams fill orders directly from shelves and has actually
turned a profit.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              652 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            December 12, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Savile's friend is Jailed for 25 years over sex attacks

BYLINE: David Brown

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 450 words


A former DJ convicted of raping a teenage girl minutes after she had been
attacked by his friend Jimmy Savile was jailed for 25 years yesterday.

Ray Teret, 73, was found guilty last week of using his celebrity status in the
Manchester club scene to rape seven girls in the 1960s and 1970s. Since his
conviction, four other women have contacted police saying that they were
victims.

One of the original seven, who was 15 at the time, said that Teret picked her up
at the Jimmy Savile Disc Club for teenagers and drove her to a nearby flat. She
told Manchester Minshull Street crown court that at the flat she was introduced
to Savile, who raped her.

After the former BBC presenter left the room, Teret came in and also raped her,
saying: "You should be thanking us because we have made it easier for when the
next person goes there."

Teret, who worked as a chauffeur and general assistant for Savile, was convicted
of raping the teenager, but cleared of aiding and abetting his boss's attack on
her. He was found guilty of six other rapes and 11 indecent assaults.

Teret, known as Ugly Ray, was mentored by Savile, who died in 2011, in the early
days of his career and followed him around "like a shadow", the court was told.

Teret, told the jury he had no interest in under-age girls, despite a previous
conviction for sexual intercourse with a 15-year-old in 1999.

Mr Justice Baker told Teret that he had used his celebrity status and his
victims' naivety to exploit girls aged between 13 and 15. He said: "Those who
were raped had little or no understanding what was happening to them and felt
they could do little to prevent the abuse taking place."

Victims in court applauded when sentence was passed, with one woman shouting
"yes" and another saying "monster" as Teret was led to the cells.

The judge said he had selected girls who were both "physically and emotionally
immature". Five of the former Radio Caroline DJ's victims were "so awed" by his
celebrity status that they consented to having sex with him, the court was told.

Mr Justice Baker said the victims' lack of knowledge about sex enabled Teret to
exploit them. He said: "Anyone who considers that society was a better place
then than now to be a child would do well to reflect upon the evidence that this
trial disclosed about that period - when sex education, to the extent that it
was taught, was rudimentary and sexual matters in general were little discussed
within the home.

"That state of ignorance was one of the main facilitators of your ability to
exploit these young girls, none of whom, with the exception of two whose
vulnerability was enhanced by having previously been sexually abused by others,
had any prior sexual experience."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ray Teret: victims in court applauded the jail sentence

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Idaho Falls Post Register (Idaho)

                            April 10, 2008 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Cybersecurity experts match skills in I.F. 'war' games

BYLINE: By PAUL MENSER,

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 589 words


Dave Andrews is used to being the good guy, but on Wednesday in Idaho Falls, he
had an opportunity to wreak simulated cyber havoc.

Andrews was one of nearly 40 researchers from five countries - the United
States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand - who played
computerized attack and defense in the Hilton Garden Inn, in a cybersecurity
exercise for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.

Andrews, an Australian involved in the country's energy sector (""That's all I'm
allowed to say,"" he said), was on the red team, a group of hackers trying to
get into networks of the blue team, doing business as the Acme Chemical Co.

""Each stage we compromise, we steal as much information as we can, establish a
link and cause mayhem in the network,"" Andrews said.

Is this more fun than being on defense?

""Oh, definitely,"" he said.

In a separate room, the blue team's job was to strengthen Acme's network and
repel the hackers' attacks.

""This is good for benchmarking,"" said Jean LeDuc of Hydro Quebec, a Canadian
utility.

Computer security is a never-ending job, he said. Nor is it only hackers an
organization has to worry about.

""You have to protect against the outside world, but then you have to protect
against yourself - human error, a disgruntled employee or contractor,"" LeDuc
said.

Wednesday's exercise was part of a four-day event sponsored by the U.S.
Department of Homeland Security's Control System Security Program.

Homeland Security has a contract with Idaho National Laboratory's cybersecurity
and infrastructure protection engineers, who devise systems and technologies for
protecting electric power grids, oil and gas refineries, telecommunication
stations and chemical plants.

LeDuc said he was very impressed by INL's people.

""They know their stuff, and they're willing to share it in a way we can
understand,"" he said.

For nearly four years, INL and other national laboratories have supported
efforts by the Homeland Security Department and the Department of Energy to
coordinate cybersecurity risk reduction efforts. This is the second year for the
workshop, which also features interactive training courses and technology
discussions.

""Security is like trying to develop the perfect automatic transmission,"" said
Sean McGurk, director of the Homeland Security Department's Control System
Security Program. In other words, there's always something that can be improved.

The threat to a network can come from any number of places, Andrews said. It
could be industrial espionage, or it might be a foreign government seeking
classified or proprietary information. It could be terrorists seeking to close
off a pump or cause a tank to overflow and spill toxic waste. Last of all, it
could be people doing it for fun.

When a system is compromised successfully, it's called an exploit. Exploits
never seen before are called ""zero-day exploits.""

""The underground is so large,"" Andrews said. ""Zero-day exploits are being
found every day. You're playing catch-up to detect the exploits.""

The score between the teams was tracked all day on a computer screen. At 10:15
a.m., 21/2 hours into the exercise, the blue team held a sizeable lead. But by
the end of the day, the gap had narrowed.

It's understandable that the defender would have the advantage, said Kurtis
Longman of Rio Tinto, a New Zealand mining and manufacturing concern. For the
hacker, patience is essential.

""I think we're going to get far in, based on what we've seen them put up,"" he
said.

Staff writer Paul Menser can be reached at 542-6752.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                              July 17, 2006 Monday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Storms blow some good for GBP 100m float;
CITY AND BUSINESS EDITED BY DAVID SHAND

BYLINE: By Andrew Johnson

SECTION: CITY; 51

LENGTH: 379  words


A SPECIALIST investment fund seeking to exploit rising insurance premiums after
last year's devastating US hurricanes is set to float on Aim.

ICP wants to raise GBP 100million through a placing at 100p a share to invest in
a broad spread of Lloyd's of London insurance firms.

The market value of the business is expected to be in a similar range.

The objective, says director Andrew Castell, is to give investors a chance to
take advantage of the opportunities presented by Lloyd's insurers while ensuring
risk is spread evenly between different types of insurance and assorted
insurers.

The Lloyd's market is enjoying an upturn because premiums have risen
significantly since the hurricanes.

The storms have driven up demand for cover just as insurance companies are
having to pay out for the damage.

As a result, investors can hope for a good return on capital. Castell stresses
ICP is not an insurance firm itself.

"We are looking to fund Lloyd's insurers, " he explains.

"Lloyd's is a pretty unique marketplace because it provides incredible
flexibility in how insurance businesses can capitalise themselves.

We intend to exploit that flexibility." The company will come up with
significant capital to underpin quoted and unquoted Lloyd's insurers to help
them underwrite new business.

But Castell adds it is important that ICP diversifies the business it takes on.
It could quite possibly be exposed to anything from high-risk disaster insurance
to claims by UK motorists.

The company will also spread risk by providing money to a wide range of
companies. When times turn bad for the industry, IPC will take more conservative
investment decisions, cutting back on the number of companies in which it
invests.

As well as the GBP 100million it is raising at the float, the company may hike
its investment capacity by a further GBP 100million through gearing up.

IPC is a "spread capital vehicle" - the first to be launched on the Lloyd's
market in more than 10 years. It is being floated by specialist Lloyd's investor
CBS Insurance Holdings.

Directors of the company include Lord Lang of Monkton, a director of insurance
broker March & McLennan and John Stace, deputy chairman of Lloyd's.

FACTFILE ICP: Established 2005 FLOAT: This month ISSUE: Placing CONTACT: Keefe,
Bruyette & Woods

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DISASTER: A fireman wades through New Orleans floods after Hurricane
Katrina hit last year

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 ComputerWorld

                                 April 6, 2007

Microsoft Defends Effort to Patch Flaw;
IT execs, researchers split over pace of work on ANI fix

BYLINE: Gregg Keizer and Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 782 words



HIGHLIGHT: Microsoft defends the 100 days it took to create an out-of-cycle
patch for the Windows ANI flaw. Some IT managers give the vendor the benefit of
the doubt, but that feeling isn't universal.


Microsoft Corp. first learned of an animated cursor flaw in Windows on Dec. 20 -
more than 100 days before it released an emergency patch last week to block
active attempts to exploit the vulnerability.

The head of the software vendor's security research laboratory defended the time
it took to investigate the flaw and then develop and test the fix. Some IT
managers are giving Microsoft the benefit of the doubt. But that feeling isn't
universal.

Hugh McArthur, director of information systems security at Online Resources
Corp. in Chantilly, Va., said that in general, Microsoft's 100-day turnaround
time for patching the so-called ANI vulnerability doesn't seem all that unusual.

It wasn't as if the software vendor was "just sitting back and doing nothing,"
McArthur said. "My take is that Microsoft was hoping they could get the fix
written and tested prior to an exploit being written. In this case, they didn't
make it."

"I don't know if 100 days is good or not," said David Jordan, chief information
security officer for the Arlington County government in Virginia. Jordan said
that he "would like to have higher expectations" for Microsoft, since it's the
largest software vendor in the world.

But, he added, he isn't sure that's a reasonable expectation because there is
little credible data available on the average amount of time that it takes
vendors to develop patches.

Less charitable toward Microsoft was Oliver Friedrichs, director of Symantec
Corp. 's security response team.

"Anytime you're patching, there are many different factors that come into play,"
he said. "But 100 days in today's climate is unacceptable. It's really not quick
enough."

Developing patches is "all about prioritization," said Amol Sarwate, manager of
the vulnerability lab at Redwood Shores, Calif.-based security software vendor
Qualys Inc. "But in this case, they obviously didn't think that this was a big
enough issue until it was actually being exploited."

Mark Miller, director of the Microsoft Security Response Center, rejected the
notion that the software vendor rushed to release the ANI fix only when exploits
appeared and publicity mounted.

"Engineering a patch is a long, complex process," Miller said. He noted that by
mid-March, when Microsoft skipped its usual monthly software update release, the
company had completed an investigation of the ANI flaw and created a patch. "But
it was still undergoing testing," Miller said, adding that Microsoft planned to
include the patch in its April updates.

Attacks Spotted

On March 28, though, McAfee Inc. notified Microsoft that it had spotted attacks
exploiting the cursor flaw. Last Monday, as attackers ramped up the exploit
attempts to include hundreds of malicious Web sites, Microsoft promised to issue
a patch a week ahead of the other April fixes, which will be released tomorrow.

Alexander Sotirov, a vulnerability researcher at Determina Inc. in Redwood City,
Calif., who found the flaw, refused to criticize Microsoft for the time it
needed to create a fix.

"If you look at the average time it takes them, this vulnerability is not an
exception," Sotirov said. "In fact, it's pretty standard."

But the fact that the ANI vulnerability was discovered by Sotirov, not by a
Microsoft employee, raises questions about why the software vendor didn't spot
the flaw earlier. Several security analysts and researchers have noted
similarities between the ANI flaw and an earlier one involving animated cursors
that Microsoft patched in January 2005.

"We're doing an analysis of why we didn't find it then," said Miller, who added
that Microsoft devotes some of the patch development process to looking for
similar vulnerabilities in the affected code.

"This reinforces the idea that vulnerability research is more of an art and less
of a science," Friedrichs said. "Microsoft's people could have looked at this
code and seen nothing, but all it takes is someone who sees things a bit
differently."

Nonetheless, he said that he views the inability of the software vendor to find
the ANI flaw two years ago as "somewhat of a failure on Microsoft's part."

Despite all the hoopla, the vulnerability "ultimately wasn't a big issue" for
Online Resources, McArthur said. But he added that the online bill-processing
company treated the threat "very seriously" and made sure that its antivirus
software was up to date and that its monitoring tools were configured to detect
any exploit attempts on its systems.

Jordan said that having to install the out-of-cycle patch - just the third
released by Microsoft in more than two years - was "an inconvenience" for
Arlington County's IT staff. But, he said, the flaw didn't pose any immediate
threats to the county's systems.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 International Data Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 5, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Cherokee County Man Charged with Extorting Teen Girls for
Pornographic Images

LENGTH: 581  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Destin Whitmore has been arraigned and detained on charges of extortion,
enticement of a minor, and distribution and possession child pornography.
Whitmore was indicted by a federal grand jury on February 19, 2014.

"This defendant preyed on teenage girls and attempted to extort them to create
and send him pornographic images," said United States Attorney Sally Quillian
Yates. "He threatened to post compromising images of the girls on the Internet
and to send them to their friends and family. This is a stark reminder of the
need for parents to talk with their children about Internet safety."

Ricky Maxwell, Acting Special Agent in Charge, FBI Atlanta Field Office, stated,
"This case exemplifies the need to remain vigilant against child predators and
others who would exploit the vulnerabilities of minor children over the
Internet. The FBI remains uniquely positioned to investigate and bring forward
for prosecution those individuals who would exploit and harm our nation's
children, and we ask that anyone with information regarding such activity to
call their nearest FBI field office."

According to United States Attorney Yates, the charges, and other information
presented in court: In April 2012, a teen girl in Arizona reported that she was
contacted using a popular social media website by an individual using a profile
name "Ralph Jenkins." The individual using the Jenkins profile, later identified
as the defendant, Destin Whitmore, sent the teen compromising images of herself
and threatened to send those images to others, including her family members, if
she did not immediately create additional images for him. A subsequent
investigation of that profile, along with a profile using the name "Lenny
Carlington," showed that both profiles were used by the defendant, along with
his own social media accounts, to transmit pornographic images of numerous teen
girls to the girls to extort them for additional images. If they did not comply
with his wishes, he threatened to distribute the pornographic images to others
and post them on various websites for public consumption. Many of the girls
Whitmore extorted were known to him through personal relationships or through
long-term communications using web cameras with the girls online.

The indictment charges Whitmore, 22, of Canton, Georgia, with five counts of
extortion, one count of enticing a minor to engage in sexual activity, three
counts of distribution of child pornography, and five counts of possession of
child pornography.

Members of the public are reminded that the indictment only contains charges.
The defendant is presumed innocent of the charges, and it will be the
government's burden to prove the defendant's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt at
trial.

This case is being investigated by the Cobb County Police Department and the
Federal Bureau of Investigation.

Assistant United States Attorney Jill E. Steinberg is prosecuting the case.

This case is being brought as part of Project Safe Childhood. In February 2006,
the Attorney General launched Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide initiative
designed to protect children from online exploitation and abuse. Led by the
United States Attorney's Offices around the country, Project Safe Childhood
marshals federal, state, and local resources to apprehend and prosecute
individuals who exploit children.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             May 26, 2011, Thursday

Researchers tackle multi-core computer chip shortcomings;
North Carolina State University researchers devise performance-boosting
techniques

BYLINE: Bob Brown

LENGTH: 399 words


Multi-core processors promise a big performance boost for servers, PCs and even
smartphones, but much work remains toget the most out of these new chips. North
Carolina State University researchers are among those seeking to maximize what
multi-core processors have to offer.

They've modeled techniques designed to make multi-core processors more efficient
by improving the way each core retrieves data from memory stored outside the
chip. Models have been developed, using data from hardware counters on the
chips, to determine which cores need more or less bandwidth.

FACEBOOK: "Like" our Alpha Doggs page on network research  "By better
distributing the bandwidth to the appropriate cores, the criteria are able to
maximize system performance," says Dr. Yan Solihin, associate professor of
electrical and computer engineering and co-author with Fang Liu of a paper
describing the research titled "Studying the Impact of Hardware Prefetching and
Bandwidth Partitioning in Chip-Multiprocessors" that will be presented at the
ACM SIGMETRICS 2011 event in San Jose the week of June 7. Researchers from
Pennsylvania State University, the University of Texas at Austin and Syracuse
University will also present papers on multi-core advances at the conference.

The research team has also analyzed how cores "pre-fetch" needed data in their
caches, and come up with a better way to do this. It boils down to identifying
when cores should pre-fetch and when they shouldn't, as grabbing the data early
can sometimes clog up bandwidth unnecessarily.  Their work could result in
manufacturers building chips whose cores can turn pre-fetching on or off
automatically.

With multi-core processors even showing up these days in smartphones, vendors
are scrambling to exploit the more powerful hardware. Microsoft, for example, is
bolstering its .Net framework to make it easier for programmers to exploit
multi-core processors.  The Multicore Association is also establishing
specifications for a programming model that will reduce the complexity involved
in writing software for multi-core chips. Separately, startup chip designer
Adapteva earlier this month announced the multicore Epiphany processor, which is
designed to accelerate applications in servers and low-power devices such as
smartphones and tablets.  IDG News Service contributed to this story.

Follow Bob on Twitter for more on network research news



LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2011 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           November 14, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

New season begins for four area teams

BYLINE: Steve Master Prep Editor

SECTION: B; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 465  words

DATELINE: DAYTONA BEACH


Despite a lopsided outcome in their regular-season finale, Seabreeze coach Marc
Beach and Mainland coach John Maronto face similar tasks preparing their teams
emotionally for the state playoffs.

Beach must refocus his team after a resounding 52-20 victory. And Maronto must
rekindle spirits after a frustrating defeat.

"I told them the Mainland game doesn't mean anything if they don't go out and do
well in the playoffs," said Beach, whose 'Crabs have lost in the first round in
their last five playoff appearances.

Seabreeze (9-1) opens the Class 3A playoffs tonight against Jacksonville Bartram
Trail (7-3) at Municipal Stadium. On Friday, 5A Mainland (9-1) hosts Lynn Haven
Mosley (5-4); 2A Taylor (7-3) hosts Ocala West Port (5-5) and Class A Warner
Christian (9-1) entertains Mayo Lafayette (6-4). All game times are 7:30 p.m.

Both Seabreeze and Mainland face considerable challenges against physical teams
from extremely competitive districts.

Bartram Trail has the best record among the Volusia's four playoff opponents,
and the Bears might be better than their 7-3 mark indicates. They have three
close losses to teams with a combined record of 27-2 -- No. 1 3A St. Augustine
(9-0), Palatka (9-1) and Ocala Forest (9-1).

"They look pretty solid all around," said Seabreeze senior tailback Kenny Scott,
whose 'Crabs are ranked sixth in Class 3A. "We feel like we have a little more
speed and we're going to need to exploit that."

Mainland, too, will need to exploit its speed against Mosley, which was
competitive in a tough district won by third-ranked Springfield Rutherford.
Rutherford beat Mosley 28-23 on a late turnover.

In this same playoff round a year ago, Mosley jumped on top of Mainland 21-0
before the Bucs rallied for a 32-29 victory.

"They're a typical Panhandle team, and that says a lot right there," said
Maronto, whose Bucs are ranked eighth in the state Class 5A poll. "They probably
do the best job of anybody we've played running the wing-T offense."

Maronto said his team appears to have bounced back emotionally from the
Seabreeze defeat, which snapped the Bucs' nine-game win streak.

"They're resilient, and what they've accomplished already this season helps,"
Maronto said. "They realize they still have a lot to look forward to if they
play well."

The Taylor-Ocala West Port game pits one of the state's leading rushers,
Taylor's Andre Reese, against the state's leading passer, Bobby Kissane. This is
only the second season as a varsity program for West Port, which played a tough
schedule that included five playoff teams.

Warner will be tested in only its second home playoff game in its short history.
Lafayette is a playoff-tested squad that boasts a top pass-and-catch combination
in quarterback Aaron Lindsey and wideout Marcus Edwards.

steve.master@news-jrnl.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2002 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2002 News-Journal Corporation


                              659 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Nevada: Former High School Softball Coach Sentenced To Over 23 Years In Prison
For Child Pornography Conviction

LENGTH: 399  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Nevada has issued the
following press release:

A former softball coach at Silverado High School in Henderson, Nev., has been
sentenced to 284 months in federal prison and lifetime supervised release for
his convictions for having sexual relations with one of the female players and
using his cellular telephone camera to photograph the sexual acts, announced
Daniel G. Bogden, United States Attorney for the District of Nevada.

            Albert Silva Hernandez, Jr., 44, of Las Vegas, was sentenced on
Monday, Aug. 5, 2013, by U.S. District Judge James C. Mahan.  Hernandez was
convicted by a jury in April of eight counts of sexual exploitation of a minor.

"Together with our investigative partners, we have been aggressively
investigating and prosecuting persons who exploit minors for sexual purposes and
use technology to further victimize these children," said U.S. Attorney Bogden.
"If you commit such crimes, you face very serious consequences and a lengthy
prison sentence."

According to the indictment and evidence introduced at trial, Hernandez, a
softball coach for Silverado High School and for a competitive club team, had
sexual relations with one of his 17-year-old players, and photographed the
sexual acts with his cellular telephone camera and sent the images to the girl.
Hernandez also had the girl photograph herself naked and send those images to
him by her cellular telephone. The pornographic images were produced and the
text messages were exchanged between Hernandez and the victim, on Dec. 25, 2011,
Jan. 29, Feb. 1, and Feb. 2, 2012.

"As this sentence makes unmistakably clear, child sex predators will receive the
justice they are due for their despicable actions," said Michael Harris,
Assistant Special Agent in Charge of Immigration and Customs Enforcement's
Homeland Security Investigations (ICE-HSI) in Las Vegas. "We will continue to
aggressively target those who prey upon and sexually exploit our children. We
owe it to the young victims in these cases, who will carry the emotional and
physical scars of these crimes for the rest of their lives."

The case was investigated by ICE-HSI and the Clark County School District
Police.  It was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Susan Cushman
and Roger Yang.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nv

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            January 30, 2007 Tuesday

In PC world, what is a bug worth?

BYLINE: Brad Stone - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1213 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Evgeny Legenov sells bugs not the creepy-crawly kind, but information about
programming flaws in computer programs like Web browsers and operating systems.

The founder of a small Moscow security company, Gleg, Legenov scrutinizes
computer code in commonly used software for programming bugs, which attackers
can use to break into computer systems, and sends his findings to a few dozen
corporate customers around the world. Each customer pays more than $10,000 for
information it can use to plug the hidden holes in its computers and stay ahead
of criminal hackers.

Though Legenov regularly turns down the criminals who e-mail him and offer big
money to buy bugs they can use to spread malicious programs like spyware, he is
no friend to software vendors either. Companies like Microsoft want security
researchers to tell them about flaws in their software first, so they can fix
the problem and safeguard all users.

But Legenov firmly rejects that proposition. ''To find a vulnerability, you have
to do a lot of hard work,'' he said. ''If you follow what they call responsible
disclosure, in most cases all you receive is an ordinary thank you or sometimes
nothing at all.''

Legenov is not alone in thinking that software bugs are worth real money.
Vulnerabilities in computer programs and the code used to exploit them are now
commonly bought, sold and traded on the farthest corners of the Internet.

This new, thriving marketplace poses a hardy challenge for software publishers,
particularly Microsoft. On Tuesday, the company, based in Redmond, Washington,
is releasing the consumer version of Vista, its most complex operating system
yet. When its previous operating system, Windows XP, was released in September
2001, the market for vulnerabilities and exploits did not yet exist. Hackers
typically hunted bugs for fame and glory, not financial reward.

Times have changed.

This month, iDefense, a Virginia-based subsidiary of the technology company
VeriSign, began offering an $8,000 bounty to the first six researchers to find
holes in Vista or the newest version of Internet Explorer, and up to $4,000 more
for code that can take advantage of the weaknesses. Like Gleg, iDefense, will
sell information about those vulnerabilities to companies and government
agencies for an undisclosed amount, though iDefense makes it a practice to alert
vendors like Microsoft first.

But the iDefense rewards are low compared to bounties offered on the black
market. In December, the Japanese antivirus company TrendMicro found a Vista
vulnerability being offered by an anonymous hacker on a Romanian Web forum for
$50,000

Though TrendMicro could not confirm if an actual sale took place, security
analysts say such a price is plausible. They regularly see hackers on public
bulletin boards or in private online chat rooms hawking software exploits,
particularly the ones called zero-day or 0-day named because they are released
the same day they are discovered, when there is no known defense against them.

Misusing vulnerability information to attack computers or to aid others in such
attacks is illegal, but there appears to be nothing illegal about discovering
and selling vulnerabilities. Prices for such bugs range from a couple of hundred
to tens of thousands of dollars. Zero-days for commonly used programs like
Windows and Microsoft Word fetch the highest prices, since they can be used to
facilitate crimes like spamming and identity theft.

For Microsoft, the existence of such bounties means a tempting target has been
painted on what it claims is the most secure operating system in its history.
''Of course it concerns us,'' said Mark Miller, a spokesman for the Microsoft
Security Response Center. ''With the underground trading of vulnerabilities,
software makers are left playing catch-up to develop updates that will help
protect customers.''

Throughout the 1990s, software makers and bug-hunters battled over the way
researchers disclosed software vulnerabilities. The software vendors argued that
public disclosure gave attackers the blueprints to create exploits and viruses.
Security researchers maintained that the vendors wanted to hide mistakes and
that making them public allowed companies and individual computer users to
protect their systems.

The two sides reached an uneasy compromise. Security researchers would inform
vendors of vulnerabilities and, as long as the vendor was responsive, wait for
the company to release an official ''patch'' before publishing code that an
attacker could use. Vendors would give public credit to the researcher.

The detente worked when most researchers were motivated by acclaim and a desire
to improve security.

But ''in the last five years, the glory seekers have gone away,'' said David
Perry, public education director at TrendMicro. ''The people who are drawn to it
to make a living are not the same people who were drawn to it out of passion.''

In an interview by telephone last week, a hacker calling himself ''Segfault,''
who said he was a college-age student in New York City, led a reporter on an
online tour of a public Web site, ryan1918.com, where one forum is provocatively
titled ''Buy-Sell-Trade-0day.'' In the forum, members openly solicit and sell
nefarious programs like botnet creators, trojan horses, keystroke loggers and
programs designed to evade firewalls and antivirus filters.

''Segfault,'' who did not want to reveal his name because he engages in
potentially illegal activity, said the marketplace for zero-days ''just
exploded'' early last year after the successful Windows Metafile exploit.

He claims he earned $20,000 last year from selling his own code mostly on
private chat channels, not public forums like Ryan1918 enough to pay his
tuition. Although he conceded that Microsoft had made significant strides with
Vista's security, he said that the underground hacker community now had a
powerful financial incentive to find its weak links.

''Vista is going to get destroyed,'' he said.

That may be an exaggeration. Microsoft has taken such added security precautions
as preventing other programs from running at the deepest-level of the operating
system, called the kernel, and creating an extra level of protection between the
operating system and the browser.

Still, many security researchers acknowledge the new marketplace for software
flaws with a wary sense of resignation. The private sale of exploits ensures
that Microsoft and other software makers will not find out about the flaws
first. Many say that this is the end of responsible disclosure, ensuring more
pain for Internet users worldwide.

''What it has led to unfortunately is a situation where everyone loses except
the criminal,'' said Jim Melnick, director of threat intelligence at iDefense.

Microsoft, in the midst of its biggest software release in history, appears to
wish the open market for exploits would simply disappear. ''Our practice is to
explicitly acknowledge and thank researchers when they find an issue in our
software,'' said Mike Reavey, manager of the company's Security Response Center.
''While that's not a monetary reward, we think there is value in it.''

But Raimund Genes, the TrendMicro researcher who found the Vista bug for sale on
the Romanian Web site, said, ''The driving force behind all this now is cash.''

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           macclesfield-express.co.uk

                      February 19, 2016 Friday 8:53 AM GMT

Macclesfield's infamous graffiti artist TJ Dolan paints Manchester;
TJ, who was jailed in 2007 for the damage he caused to train carriages and
bridges, was invited to Manchester for an art project

BYLINE: By Rhiannon McDowall

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 266 words


A graffiti artist from Macclesfield who spent time in prison for his art has
taken his talent to Manchester - with full permission.

Thomas 'TJ' Dolan, whose professional name is 'Krek', was sentenced to 15 months
in prison for causing £13,000 of damage to train carriages and railway bridges
around Manchester and Cheshire in 2007.

After public outcry at the severity of artist's sentence, he was freed on appeal
in October of the same year.

'Krek' has since been commissioned to work around the world, with his designs
featuring in the 2010 Jedward hit 'Under Pressure' and the 2011 Manchester City
kit launch.

His work also appeared at Miami's Art Basel display in 2013 - one of the most
prestigious art shows in the world.

Read more: TJ Dolan is toast of art world

On Thursday, he returned to Manchester to perform for the Body Shop in the
Northern Quarter for the company's 'Enrich Not Exploit' project as part of its
40th birthday celebrations.

He painted at a site on the corner of Tib and Thomas Street - and shoppers and
passers-by were able to watch as he worked.

The stunt also marked the launch of a school project, which is open to pupils in
years seven to ­11.

Young artists will be able to demonstrate their own creative expressions of
Enrich Not Exploit in a competition, which could win £1,000 prize money for
their school and a London weekend break for them and their family.

Sam Thomson, director of brand and corporate responsibility for Body Shop, urged
teachers, pupils and schools to get involved.

Entries must be received by March 24. More details at
www.thebodyshop.co.uk/content/its .

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBME


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                          September 17, 2003 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Now, that was a smart bomb;
Television - PREVIEW - The Dambusters/George Negus Tonight

BYLINE: BRIAN COURTIS

SECTION: A3; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 438 words


The history of war is suddenly popular again, on the mainstream networks as well
as on pay TV where they thrive on it. Sad-eyed soldiers from a myriad campaigns
and conflicts line up behind smooth-talking generals, shrewd old politicians and
academic analysts to pore over filmic ghosts while chipping away at the truth.

This, then, is the age of the historical rewrite, when whoever has the loudest
voice will make their reality stick. If Hollywood decides George Clooney
single-handedly saved the Brits at Dunkirk, then that's the way millions of
young mid-west Americans will recall it. Even if we know it really was Tom
Hanks.

Television's historical terrorists are still at their happiest, it seems,
plundering World War II, pulling old Nazis out of old people's homes in Paraguay
and Dr Strangeloves from scientific retirement in New Mexico.

There are not too many moral or ethical dilemmas for the filmmakers with all
that horror, of course, as long as they don't turn the distorting lens on the
stars and stripes. It would be highly unusual not to see a Hitler movie or
documentary programmed. And there is still a wealth of adjusting for TV's
storytellers to exploit. Mercifully, it doesn't appear as if they've got around
to a rewrite the World War II exploits of inventive engineer-scientist Barnes
Wallis - yet. Perhaps it's all just a little too eccentric, a little too British
for Hollywood.

Anyway, there was that 1954 "true story" movie, The Dam Busters, with Michael
Redgrave as Wallis, and Richard Todd as Wing Commander Guy Gibson VC, DSO, DFC.
Even had real Lancaster bombers in it and not the usual model aircraft flying
across a cloudy backdrop.

Tonight's documentary, also called The Dambusters (8.30pm, ABC), switches the
emphasis in that film from Gibson's 617 Squadron and brave RAF and Allied crews
on to the ingenious military hardware Wallis produced in his bid to shorten that
protracted war. It's the story of the thinking that led to his particular "smart
bomb".

Wallis looked for ways to hit Germany's industrial heartland by getting at the
protected Mohne and Eder dams and the water system of the Ruhr. From some simple
backyard experiments, childhood memories of stones skipping across water, and
mathematical precision came his bouncing bomb, an explosive device brilliantly
delivered by low-level bombers, albeit at a huge cost in lives.

Earlier, we get a less dramatic, though entertaining, history of immigrant
influences on Australia. It comes in an impressive edition of the renamed New
Dimensions magazine series. Still, at 6.30pm, wouldn't it have been better
titled as George Negus This Evening?

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2003 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

Review of the year: Rio Olympics and Team GB defy doubts

BYLINE: Duncan Smith

LENGTH: 1003  words


W hen Great Britain emerged from the Atlanta Olympics with just one gold medal
it would have seemed inconceivable that just 20 years later the nation would
declare itself a "world sporting superpower".

However, that is exactly what happened after two golden weeks in Rio in which
Team GB became the first to increase its haul of medals following a home Games.

It had been widely predicted that the British team would suffer a natural
drop-off from the extraordinary performance in London but, incredibly, their
exploits in Brazil were arguably more impressive. While the 27 golds were two
fewer than London, when added to the 23 silvers and 17 bronzes it was enough to
put Britain second in the medals table, behind only the United States and
leaving China, the disgraced Russians and declining Australia trailing in their
wake.

It was the breadth of sports in which Britain excelled that most impressed those
who witnessed the lean years, which reached their nadir in Atlanta just two
years after the game-changing launch of the National Lottery and its attendant
transformative levels of funding for sport.

Sports such as track cycling and rowing, which have become the rock on which
Team GB's success in the past few Olympiads has been built, continued to
deliver, but there were also stunning breakthrough successes in sports such as
gymnastics, in which the USA's  Simone Biles was a star of the Games with four
golds.

Max Whitlock ended the wait for Britain's first Olympic gymnastics gold medal by
winning the men's floor event, then added the pommel horse title for good
measure less than two hours later. His exploits headlined an extraordinary
display by the GB gymnastics team, which gathered seven medals in total,
including inspiring bronzes won by young pair Nile Wilson and Amy Tinkler and a
surprise trampolining silver for Bryony Page.

Swimming had been one of the rare failures for Team GB in London, with just a
silver for Scotland's Michael Jamieson and two bronzes for the great Rebecca
Adlington. However, when Adam Peaty surged to breaststroke gold on the second
full day of Rio 2016 it signalled one of the most memorable meets for a British
swimming team. Scots were to the fore, with Duncan Scott, Stephen Milne and Dan
Wallace making up three-quarters of the men's 4 x 200m relay team who won a
brilliant silver behind the Americans, with another Scot, Robbie Renwick,
getting a  medal for playing a part in the heats.

As the medals began to flow all the trepidation about a Games which got under
way amid a backdrop of negative stories melted away.

There had been political unrest in Brazil about the cost and disruption of the
event to a nation facing severe economic hardship. The Russian doping scandal,
which led to that nation being banned from some sports but not others, had left
a bad taste in the mouth.

However, a vibrant opening ceremony, which was understated in comparison with
the Danny Boyle spectacular four years earlier, set the tone for a Games which
unfolded with a growing sense of warmth. The crowds at some venues were
disappointing but, overall, the hosts delivered a good Games.

For the Scottish element of Team GB it proved to be the best ever overseas
Olympics, flagbearer Andy Murray leading from the front with a sparkling defence
of his tennis singles gold, which culminated in an epic final battle with Juan
Martin del Potro.

There were golds in the velodrome for Katie Archibald as a member of Great
Britain's women's team pursuit quartet and Callum Skinner in the men's team
sprint.

Heather Stanning also defended her title with Helen Glover in the women's pairs
rowing, although it was a Scottish silver on the stunning rowing lake which
proved to be one of the feelgood stories of the Games.

Katherine Grainger was one of the stories of London 2012 when she finally struck
gold after three successive silvers but she wasn't given much chance of getting
on the podium four years later at the age of 40. The Scot had endured a
miserable build-up to Rio after she and partner Vicky Thornley belatedly
reunited a struggling doubles sculls partnership. They dug deep for a wonderful
silver which Grainger said was actually more satisfying than her gold.

A couple of Scots, Mark Bennett and Mark Robertson, played a big part in Great
Britain's men's rugby sevens team taking an excellent silver from the inaugural
event, losing to a delirious Fiji in the final for the Pacific nation's
first-ever Olympic medal.

Britain were once again next to invincible in the velodrome, Jason Kenny, Laura
Trott and Sir Bradley Wiggins all breaching historic marks, while Mo Farah's
lung-bursting double-double of 5,000 and 10,000 metres titles for two successive
Games marked him out as one of the greatest British athletes of all time.

Nicola Adams swept through the women's boxing competition and joined taekwondo's
Jade Jones as a double Olympic champion.

Netminder Maddie Hinch pulled off a string of remarkable saves to steer the GB
women's hockey team to gold after a dramatic penalty shoot-out win over the
Netherlands which was watched by a Friday night primetime audience of 9 million
people.

Alistair Brownlee was another who repeated London victories in the triathlon and
Justin Rose eased the controversy over golf's inclusion in a Games for the first
time with a popular victory in the men's event.

Among the avalanche of other successes was a gold for 54-year-old showjumper
Nick Skelton in his seventh Games, while Britain took diving gold for Jack
Laugher and Chris Mears, and there was a surprise canoe triumph by Joe Clarke.

Britons apart, it was another victorious Games for Usain Bolt, who completed the
"Triple Triple" of 100m, 200m and 4x100m relay and the phenomenal swimmer
Michael Phelps, the American taking his overall gold tally to 23.

There were even greater concerns about the following month's Paralympics, with
poor ticket sales and  a cash crisis dominating but, with the Russians
completely banned, the GB team flourished with a stunning haul of 147 medals.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

Review of the year: Rio Olympics and Team GB defy doubts

BYLINE: Duncan Smith

LENGTH: 1003  words


W hen Great Britain emerged from the Atlanta Olympics with just one gold medal
it would have seemed inconceivable that just 20 years later the nation would
declare itself a "world sporting superpower".

However, that is exactly what happened after two golden weeks in Rio in which
Team GB became the first to increase its haul of medals following a home Games.

It had been widely predicted that the British team would suffer a natural
drop-off from the extraordinary performance in London but, incredibly, their
exploits in Brazil were arguably more impressive. While the 27 golds were two
fewer than London, when added to the 23 silvers and 17 bronzes it was enough to
put Britain second in the medals table, behind only the United States and
leaving China, the disgraced Russians and declining Australia trailing in their
wake.

It was the breadth of sports in which Britain excelled that most impressed those
who witnessed the lean years, which reached their nadir in Atlanta just two
years after the game-changing launch of the National Lottery and its attendant
transformative levels of funding for sport.

Sports such as track cycling and rowing, which have become the rock on which
Team GB's success in the past few Olympiads has been built, continued to
deliver, but there were also stunning breakthrough successes in sports such as
gymnastics, in which the USA's  Simone Biles was a star of the Games with four
golds.

Max Whitlock ended the wait for Britain's first Olympic gymnastics gold medal by
winning the men's floor event, then added the pommel horse title for good
measure less than two hours later. His exploits headlined an extraordinary
display by the GB gymnastics team, which gathered seven medals in total,
including inspiring bronzes won by young pair Nile Wilson and Amy Tinkler and a
surprise trampolining silver for Bryony Page.

Swimming had been one of the rare failures for Team GB in London, with just a
silver for Scotland's Michael Jamieson and two bronzes for the great Rebecca
Adlington. However, when Adam Peaty surged to breaststroke gold on the second
full day of Rio 2016 it signalled one of the most memorable meets for a British
swimming team. Scots were to the fore, with Duncan Scott, Stephen Milne and Dan
Wallace making up three-quarters of the men's 4 x 200m relay team who won a
brilliant silver behind the Americans, with another Scot, Robbie Renwick,
getting a  medal for playing a part in the heats.

As the medals began to flow all the trepidation about a Games which got under
way amid a backdrop of negative stories melted away.

There had been political unrest in Brazil about the cost and disruption of the
event to a nation facing severe economic hardship. The Russian doping scandal,
which led to that nation being banned from some sports but not others, had left
a bad taste in the mouth.

However, a vibrant opening ceremony, which was understated in comparison with
the Danny Boyle spectacular four years earlier, set the tone for a Games which
unfolded with a growing sense of warmth. The crowds at some venues were
disappointing but, overall, the hosts delivered a good Games.

For the Scottish element of Team GB it proved to be the best ever overseas
Olympics, flagbearer Andy Murray leading from the front with a sparkling defence
of his tennis singles gold, which culminated in an epic final battle with Juan
Martin del Potro.

There were golds in the velodrome for Katie Archibald as a member of Great
Britain's women's team pursuit quartet and Callum Skinner in the men's team
sprint.

Heather Stanning also defended her title with Helen Glover in the women's pairs
rowing, although it was a Scottish silver on the stunning rowing lake which
proved to be one of the feelgood stories of the Games.

Katherine Grainger was one of the stories of London 2012 when she finally struck
gold after three successive silvers but she wasn't given much chance of getting
on the podium four years later at the age of 40. The Scot had endured a
miserable build-up to Rio after she and partner Vicky Thornley belatedly
reunited a struggling doubles sculls partnership. They dug deep for a wonderful
silver which Grainger said was actually more satisfying than her gold.

A couple of Scots, Mark Bennett and Mark Robertson, played a big part in Great
Britain's men's rugby sevens team taking an excellent silver from the inaugural
event, losing to a delirious Fiji in the final for the Pacific nation's
first-ever Olympic medal.

Britain were once again next to invincible in the velodrome, Jason Kenny, Laura
Trott and Sir Bradley Wiggins all breaching historic marks, while Mo Farah's
lung-bursting double-double of 5,000 and 10,000 metres titles for two successive
Games marked him out as one of the greatest British athletes of all time.

Nicola Adams swept through the women's boxing competition and joined taekwondo's
Jade Jones as a double Olympic champion.

Netminder Maddie Hinch pulled off a string of remarkable saves to steer the GB
women's hockey team to gold after a dramatic penalty shoot-out win over the
Netherlands which was watched by a Friday night primetime audience of 9 million
people.

Alistair Brownlee was another who repeated London victories in the triathlon and
Justin Rose eased the controversy over golf's inclusion in a Games for the first
time with a popular victory in the men's event.

Among the avalanche of other successes was a gold for 54-year-old showjumper
Nick Skelton in his seventh Games, while Britain took diving gold for Jack
Laugher and Chris Mears, and there was a surprise canoe triumph by Joe Clarke.

Britons apart, it was another victorious Games for Usain Bolt, who completed the
"Triple Triple" of 100m, 200m and 4x100m relay and the phenomenal swimmer
Michael Phelps, the American taking his overall gold tally to 23.

There were even greater concerns about the following month's Paralympics, with
poor ticket sales and  a cash crisis dominating but, with the Russians
completely banned, the GB team flourished with a stunning haul of 147 medals.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            December 29, 2014 Monday
                                  Mars Edition

A bicycle built for free delivery

BYLINE: Jeff Harrell, SOUTH BEND TRIBUNE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 771 words


SOUTH BEND -- There's a delivery call.

Vince Brabhan, dressed like a guerrilla soldier up to his trademark
revolutionary beard, straps on his helmet, jumps on his bicycle and heads toward
downtown South Bend from his near-west side apartment, pedaling full-throttle
like there's a pack of gnashing wolves at his heels.

It could be an office file. It could be an auto part. It could be anything 50
pounds or less that Brabhan can handle safely on his bicycle. On this day, it's
a food order from Chicory Café that Brabhan will pick up, pedal like a speed
racer to the address given, and back home.

At no charge.

For all his legwork through rain, snow, sleet or sunshine, not to mention
getting the delivery package to its destination every bit as expeditiously and a
lot more environmentally friendly than the competition in motorized vehicles,
Brabhan will not get paid one cent.

Free delivery, meet your match.

"I really wanted to give something to my community," says Brabhan, whose Flying
V Messengers courier service got off the ground locally in late July. "I also
wanted to do something where I felt progressive in my own element. I can rock
out all day and ride my bike ? and promote an ecofriendly lifestyle, and show
people that riding a bike is a vehicle."

Not that the Flying V Messengers won't accept a donation for their service.

"It's all donation," Brabhan says, "and we work things out with different
people."

Before locals got wind of Brabhan's exploits on two wheels, they caught his act
around town at night playing guitar with his band Good Question. "We're like a
funky jazz band," he says.

But when the video came out touting the free-of-charge bicycle delivery exploits
as heroic, "much like what you would see from your comic book superhero,"
Brabhan went semi-viral, particularly catching the attention of cycling
enthusiasts across the country.

"They tell us heroes aren't born, they're made; but what is it that makes them?"
the video's narrator says as the camera picks up Brabhan cycling through the
streets of Indianapolis and South Bend, both of which served as location
backdrops for the film short.

Brabhan humbly deflects any mention of hero talk. Instead, he downplays the
video's premise, laying any suggestion that he is a hero on wheels to the
creative whims of the video's producers.

"That truly was a concept that Chuck Fry and Ryan Blaske came up with," Brabhan
says. "They wrote the script, and that was Ryan's outside perception of what I
was doing. I did not come up with the hero vision for that."

Brabhan did come up with a mission -- to connect a delivery route between
downtown South Bend, Notre Dame and Indiana University South Bend, the three
local hotbed areas for delivery service.

"Notre Dame and IUSB and downtown have a lot going on for themselves, but
there's no real connection between them," Brabhan says. "Notre Dame orders food
from downtown (restaurants), and we make that web that wasn't there before."

Brabhan and three others make up the Flying V Messengers. A native of South
Bend, Brabhan moved to Los Angeles where he spent seven years building his legs
and bicycling speed doing the same courier service at no charge, pedaling back
and forth around the second largest city in the country. The most recently hired
member of the Flying Vs did bicycle courier work in Chicago.

"He came here about two weeks ago," Brabhan says. "So, we got, like, experience
like L.A. and Chicago couriers, so we ride hard."

Like Brabhan, and the other two cyclists, the newest Flying V Messenger has a
beard.

"They all have beards," says Kristy Robinson, manager at Chicory Café. "We were
thinking it must be a prerequisite to work there, they got to have a beard."

Chicory co-owner Jeff Morauski notes that Brabhan and his men are "always that
way," "fast" and "reliable."

"We deliver for any restaurants," Brabhan says, naming Chicory Café and
Cambodian Thai downtown, as well as Chipotle in Eddy Commons. "A lot of people
get Chipotle ? from downtown offices," he says, adding, "We take a lot of
catering orders, a lot of weight that you wouldn't think you could take on a
bike."

Deliveries are starting to spill over from office businesses as well. "File
boxes are the heaviest things we've delivered," Brabhan says.

So far?

"We haven't done any medical supplies, yet," he says, "but we are very open to
take on anything. Our goal is to be able to take over that transportation and
really open that up, and see how easy and cost-effective it is to us instead of
driving by car.

"We take it seriously, and we ride hard," Brabhan adds, reciting the phone
number 574-222-7362.

"Call," he says, "just call."

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 7, 2012 Saturday

Condensed schedule forces Jazz to juggle lineup

BYLINE: Randy Hollis Deseret News

LENGTH: 956 words


SALT LAKE CITY ? They're 56 games into a condensed 66-game regular season, and
yet the Utah Jazz are still forced to fiddle with their daily lineup due to
player injuries, illnesses and opposing teams' lineups. Friday's game against
Golden State was a prime example. Not only were Raja Bell and Josh Howard still
sidelined by leg injuries, but starting point guard Devin Harris was nursing an
ailing ankle, power forward Paul Millsap was battling a stomach virus and
shooting guard C.J. Miles started feeling nauseous just before tipoff.  Then,
with 41/2 minutes remaining in the third quarter, starting center Al Jefferson,
the team's leading scorer and rebounder, suffered a strained abdominal muscle
while reaching for a rebound.

And, of course, the Warriors' up-tempo style forced Utah coach Tyrone Corbin ?
who tried playing big men Millsap (small forward), Derrick Favors (power
forward) and  Jefferson (center) together on the front line for a short time ?
to eventually go with a smaller lineup, putting two point guards on the court at
the same time for much of the second half. "I think it was good," Corbin said.
"We had a moment there or two where we went big with Paul, Derrick and Al (and
also Enes Kanter) for a little bit. We were a little too slow, I thought then,
and they were able to exploit us a little bit.  "The guards came in and did a
good job. We have a chance to go both ways. We'll just continue to see what
gives us the best chance for different matchups. "I think we're getting to the
point we can try and make other teams make adjustments," Corbin continued. "We
make the subs first and see if they can adjust to us, because it speeds the game
up for us. It gives us another good passer on the floor. We can go and exploit
even with Paul at the three, his size advantage on different guys (in his
position). We'll see how it develops." SCOREBOARD WATCHING: Asked about his
reaction to seeing the Houston Rockets, one of the teams the Jazz are chasing in
the Western Conference playoff race, go on the road and beat the L.A. Lakers
late Friday night, Corbin admitted, "I wish they would've lost. "You've just got
to keep handling your business, man. We have to just keep winning as many games
as we can and not wishing that anybody else lose. We just have to make sure we
do what we can to stay on pace." Miles admitted to feeling some frustration when
he learned of the Rockets' surprising road win as well. "(Lakers center) Andrew
Bynum got kicked out of the game," he groaned. "We can't depend on nobody else;
we've got to do what we've got to do, we can't be in the situation where we're
hoping for other teams to lose. If we win games, as many games as possible, we
put ourselves in a better position.  "We've got to make sure we do what we need
to do, and whatever happens, we can't worry about it. Of course, it could help
or hurt us but the biggest thing is we need to help ourselves first." THE ROOKIE
WALL: The production from Kanter, Utah's rookie center and No. 1 draft pick last
June, has tailed off somewhat over the last month. Observers can't help but
wonder if the 19-year-old kid from Turkey hasn't hit the proverbial rookie wall
in which mental fatigue and physical exhaustion take their toll on young players
who are not accustomed to playing so many games over such a long season. "I
don't know," Corbin said. "He has moments. It's tough. It's a lot thrown at him
in a short amount of time. He sat out all of last year (at the University of
Kentucky). He had the summer where he played with the national team and then he
came in here into the season. It's been so much stuff for a young guy to gather
and try and pick and choose what he can use and what he needs to move on from.
"He's done a good job. He's continuing to work. It's a lot of stuff. I
understand where he is. I don't think he's hit a wall. I just think that he'll
have peaks and valleys, and he may be in a little steady valley right now." SICK
LIST: Millsap sat out Saturday's practice but is expected to play in tonight's
key road game against San Antonio. "I think we're OK," Corbin said. "Everybody's
a little nicked up now. Paul has a little virus thing going on. C.J. got sick
just before the game. Hopefully that stuff's just 24-hour and short term more
than long term and doesn't go through the team. Usually when you get two guys
like that, it's some kind of bug that's lingering around, so hopefully we can
get that out of the way here before we get on that plane (to go to Texas)."
Harris, who scored a season-high 28 points in Friday's win and hit five
3-pointers to match his career high, said his ankle was still "a little sore.
It's manageable. I try not to go side to side too much, try to go north and
south." TEXAS TWO-STEP: With back-to-back games against the Spurs tonight at San
Antonio and Monday back in Salt Lake City, the schedule-makers certainly haven't
done the Jazz any favors ? especially since the surging Spurs entered Saturday
with the best record in the West. Miles said he was fired up about this daunting
task. "It shows you what you're made of ? how bad you want it, that's pretty
much what it's about," he said. "We're gonna go in there and try to win a
basketball game, and that's what they're trying to do, too. We want to get in
the playoffs, and to get in the playoffs we have to win, so our backs are to the
wall. "I don't look at it as pressure; I look at it as this is when it's the
most fun. This is when you get to show how bad you want it, and what your team
is made of and what the players are made of. This is when dudes earn their
respect and really show how they can lock down and how good we can be."
Contributing: Jody Genessy email: rhollis@desnews.com jazznotebook

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              667 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                             August 9, 2010 Monday

Â'Take advantage of Dubai's growth'

LENGTH: 380 words


DUBAI - The Singapore Consul General in Dubai, Dileep Nair, exhorted the
Singaporean community to exploit the strong connections between his country and
the Middle East, especially Dubai. Singapore celebrates its 45th National Day
today [#x2028](August 9).

The celebrations began on Friday night with 550 members of the Singaporean
community coming together at Al Bustan Rotana in Dubai. Nair and Senior Minister
of State for Foreign Affairs Zainul Abidin Rasheed awarded Kuilan Lan-Prince,
dressmaker, and Manoj Sabhnani, businessman, for their contribution.

Nair said that Singapore should encourage people to be part of the improving
situation of Dubai. "In the past year, economic activity was at its lowest, the
mood glum, and people including Singaporeans left the emirate. Stability has
been restored even if the property prices may slip a little further," he said.
"Dubai is a great base for the Middle East and Africa which Singaporean
businessmen should exploit and enjoy."

The relations between Singapore and the Middle East dated back a long time he
said. "The 'Jewel of Muscat' dhow sailed from Oman to Singapore tracing the
maritime Silk Route. It would be good to retrace the overland Silk Road, too,"
he said.

Singaporeans in the UAE still stand at about 1,500, of which 1,200 are in Dubai.
However, the Consul General hopes more Singaporeans will set up businesses here.

The Consul General lauded the efforts of the Singapore Women's Group, Singapore
Malay-Muslim Group and the Singapore Business Council for raising funds for
Senses, a home for special needs children located at Umm Suquiem.

"With 1,200 Singaporeans here, I am hoping the Overseas Singaporean Unit would
organise a mini Singapore Day, like the ones in New York and London. It is up to
the various groups here to get together to organise the event," [#x2028]said
Nair.

The Consul General told Khaleej Times that the Singapore economy was predicted
to shrink by six per cent to nine per cent, and unemployment touched four per
cent, high by 2009 standards. "But today, the picture is much brighter," he
said. "The GDP forecast for 2010 is placed at 13 per cent to 15 per cent."

A reception for diplomats and UAE government officials is being held tonight at
the Baniyas Ballroom, Grand Hyatt Hotel.

lily@khaleejtimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2010 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      August 10, 2015 Monday 09:47 AM EST

IBM finds another Android phone bug

BYLINE: Tim Greene

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 384  words


IBM security researchers have found a way to exploit an Android flaw that puts
more than 55% of Android phones at risk of being taken over by persistent
attackers.

By exploiting a weakness it discovered, IBM's X-Force Application Security
Research Team showed it could escalate privileges in a compromised phone and
execute code on it, including taking over legitimate applications.

"In a nutshell, advanced hackers could exploit this arbitrary code execution
vulnerability to give a malicious app, with no privileges, the ability to become
a super app and help the hackers own the device," according to an X-Force blog.

+ STAGEFRIGHT: Maybe the greatest Android vulnerability (so far) +

Other vulnerabilities such as StageFright have shined a bright light on Android
security of late, and Google even launched a program to provide monthly updates
for devices.

The new flaw discovered by IBM researchers exists in Android versions 4.3-5.1
(Jelly Bean, Kitkat and Lollipop) and a patch is available, but it is up to
phone service providers to decide when and if to deploy it. The researchers
presented a paper on the flaw today at USENIX WOOT '15 in Washington, D.C., in
which they describe an exploit, but don't reveal the code to carry it out.

"What our team found has not been seen in the wild yet but shows that with the
right focus and tools, malicious apps have the ability to bypass even the most
security-conscious users," writes IBM researcher Or Peles.

The flaw they found is in OpenSSLX509Certificate and can be exploited via the
communication channel between applications and services. "As the information is
broken down and put back together, malicious code is inserted into this stream,
exploits the vulnerability at the other end and then owns the device," he
writes.

The researchers' proof-of-concept attack uses shell commands to steal data from
any applications on the victim device and on some devices the attackers could
install malicious kernel modules. The attack replaces a real app with a fake one
that steals the data. In a demo, the researchers replace the Facebook app.

The researchers also revealed vulnerabilities in third-party software developer
kits for Android that allow arbitrary code execution in applications written
using the kits. Such apps can leak data to attackers, they say.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             August 8, 2011 Monday

Cyprus president urges UN, EU response to natural resources row with Turkey

LENGTH: 449 words


Text of report in English by Greek Cypriot news agency CNA

["President: UN, EU Should End Turkish Threats Against Cyprus' EEZ"-Cyprus News
Agency headline]

Nicosia, 7 August: President of the Republic of Cyprus Demetris [Dimitrios]
Christofias has urged the international community to put an end to its silence
as regards Turkey and its threats if Cyprus proceeds with exercising its
sovereign rights to exploit its natural resources in its Exclusive Economic
Zone.

Speaking at an anti-occupation event organized by the Famagusta Municipality
Saturday evening, President Christofias said it was unacceptable that Turkey,
which flagrantly violates international law in Cyprus and has not yet signed the
Convention on the Law of the Sea, to refer to the need to implement
international law in Cyprus.

It is unacceptable, he stressed, that the Turkish Foreign Minister uses threats
against the Republic of Cyprus in case Nicosia proceeds with the exploitation of
its natural resources.

He pointed out that Turkey has not even accepted or signed the UN international
agreement on the Law of the Sea.

President Christofias recalled that Turkish troops occupy a great part of
Cyprus' territory, violating the international law, since 1974.

"Despite the above, Turkey dares to speak about the international law, saying
that Cyprus should respect and implement it. This is unacceptable," he stressed.

The UN, the EU and the whole international community "must finally put an end to
their silence as regards Turkey. They should defend international law and put
Turkey in its place."

The Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs claimed that Cyprus' plans to explore
and exploit its hydrocarbon reserves is not in line with international law and
does not contribute to efforts to solve the Cyprus problem.

Drilling for natural gas off the southern coast of Cyprus will begin around
October.

Cyprus has signed a production-sharing contract with Houston-based Noble Energy.
The company has a concession to explore for hydrocarbons in an offshore field in
its Exclusive Economic Zone, southeast of Cyprus, known as Block 12.

The Eastern Mediterranean area is believed to have a massive amount of natural
gas resources.

Cyprus has signed an agreement to delineate the Exclusive Economic Zone with
Egypt and Israel with a view to exploit any possible natural gas and oil
reserves in its EEZ. A similar agreement was signed with Lebanon but the
Lebanese Parliament has not yet ratified it.

Cyprus has been divided since 1974 when Turkey invaded and occupied its northern
third.

Turkey is the only state in the world, which does not recognize the Republic of
Cyprus.

Source: Cyprus News Agency, Nicosia, in English 0850 gmt 7 Aug 11

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            March 16, 2005 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

An Arctic Test For Mel Martinez

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 293 words


The Senate is likely to vote on President George W. Bush's plan to drill for oil
in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge soon, and Florida's Sen. Mel Martinez
could well end up being the deciding vote.

If Martinez rubber-stamps the president here, Floridians will have cause for
great alarm.

The same forces pushing to exploit the nation's most valuable wildlife migration
site are far more eager to drill off Florida's coast.

Indeed, drilling in the refuge makes little sense beyond setting a precedent for
opening up protected areas. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay of Texas admitted as
much last year.

Federal scientists estimate the refuge, under federal protections since 1960,
holds between 4 billion and 6.5 billion barrels of economically recoverable oil.
This would meet about six months or so of the nation's projected oil needs and
would scarcely lessen the nation's dependence on imported oil. And it would take
nearly 10 years to develop the infrastructure necessary to begin production. The
costs of getting the oil are so great that few companies are interested.

There are plenty of oil deposits in the 95 percent of the North Slope that is
open to the drilling and far more accessible.

Yet the industry and administration insist the nation must open up the refuge,
where the network of drill pads, pipelines, roads, gravel mines and other
facilities along the coastal plain would surely disrupt the 135 bird species and
the 125,000 Porcupine River caribou that migrate there each year.

If Martinez backs the drilling proponents' scheme, you can be sure they soon
will soon be mounting a similar campaign to exploit Florida's coastal waters.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OUR OPINION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              671 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                thejournal.co.uk

                    September 3, 2014 Wednesday 3:22 PM GMT

Durham University spin-out FScan Ltd secures deal for cancer diagnosis
technology;
FScan Ltd has agreed a worldwide exclusive licensing agreement with Glide Pharma
that will see the Oxfordshire-based firm exploit its lanthanide technology

BYLINE: By Robert Gibson

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 506 words


A Durham University spin-out has signed a deal to enable the development of
technology that could lead to major improvements in prostate cancer diagnosis.

FScan Ltd has agreed a worldwide exclusive licensing agreement with Glide Pharma
that will see the Oxfordshire-based firm exploit its lanthanide technology,
which uses light energy to measure the level of citrate in seminal fluid
samples.

The innovation, which can highlight the onset and progression of prostate
cancer, was developed by Professor David Parker and Dr Robert Pal, working in
Durham University's Department of Chemistry.

Prof Parker has been a professor there since 1992. while Dr Pal, a former Durham
PhD student and a current Research Associate, will begin a Royal Society
University Research Fellowship in October.

The licensing deal includes an upfront fee, development and commercial milestone
payments and royalties on future product sales.

"What is pleasing is that some fundamental academic research can now be properly
assessed for commercial exploitation and may, in time, offer real benefit to
patients," said Prof Parker.

Clinical studies, led by renowned consultant clinical urologist Mark Emberton,
are also underway at UCL Hospital London to assess the effectiveness of the
citrate test

FScan Ltd was set up in 2008 to exploit pioneering discoveries in analysis of a
range of biologically active chemical species

To assist with business development activities, the company has received a grant
from the Academic Health Science Network for the North East and North Cumbria.

Glide Pharma has plans to adopt the technology in the USA as a so-called
'analyte specific reagent', used to identify and measure the amount of a
chemical substance in biological specimens.

In the longer-term, it intends to create an accurate prostate cancer diagnostic
test, pursuing regulatory approval both in the USA and Europe.

Chief executive of FScan Ltd, Kish Mistry, said: "We are delighted to have
executed this agreement with Glide Pharma, as they are very well positioned to
move this promising technology forward for the benefit of patients and
clinicians in the prostate cancer field."

Dr Mark Carnegie-Brown, chief executive of Glide Pharma, said: "We believe this
innovative technology has the potential to revolutionise the prostate cancer
diagnostic market, where there is a clear need for an accurate, rapid
non-invasive test.

"With our existing portfolio of therapeutics and vaccines making excellent
progress, we plan to accelerate the development of this potentially important
diagnostic."

The deal represents the latest in a string of success for Durham University
spin-outs.

Within the past year, two others, Kromek and Applied Graphene Materials, have
floated on the stock market and attracted a number of high profile contracts.

The university has also produced the likes of Reinnervate, which specialises in
cell growth technologies in the life sciences sector, and Surface Innovations,
part of the P2i Group, a world leader in liquid repellent nanocoating
technology.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBTJN


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Husband to 27 women makes stand against polygamy

BYLINE: Daphne Bramham, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: CITY; Daphne Bramham; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 726 words


So, Canada's most notorious and prolific polygamist doesn't think polygamy
should be legalized because the practice exploits women.

Isn't that rich? The next thing you know Winston Blackmore, who has married 27
women and girls in fundamentalist religious ceremonies, will be calling himself
a feminist.

Blackmore raised his sudden concern about the exploitation of women at a recent
symposium in Salt Lake City that focused on the different kinds of Mormonism.

At the symposium, Blackmore didn't elaborate much. He did say that he and his
wives have declared themselves "friends" and that he never "courted" his wives -
rather many of them proposed marriage to him.

Salt Lake Tribune reporter Nate Carlisle tried to get Blackmore to explain
himself after the symposium. But Blackmore said he'd been muzzled by his lawyer.

Blackmore is awaiting trial in British Columbia on one count of polygamy and has
done everything that he can to have that charge quashed.

He took B.C. Attorney General Suzanne Anton to court, arguing that the special
prosecutor who laid the charges was improperly appointed. He lost in B.C.
Supreme Court and then lost again in the B.C. Court of Appeal earlier this year.

So, why would Blackmore argue that legalizing polygamy exploits women? Here's an
educated guess. Within fundamentalist Mormon circles, he wants to be seen as a
modern guy, who is so desirable that women chase after him. But he also wants to
be wellregarded as a family guy concerned about his kids. Recently when he made
a court appearance in Creston, he showed up with a few of his attractive
daughters rather than his wives.

Yet while he may want polygamy to be illegal for everyone else, he wants it
decriminalized for himself. It's widely expected that Blackmore intends to use
his trial to challenge the constitutionality of Canada's ban on polygamy. He'll
likely argue that it offends his guaranteed rights to freedom of expression,
freedom of association and freedom of religion. That's what American polygamists
- including Kody Brown and his reality TV family - have been arguing in and out
of the courts for years. In April, the Utah appeals court overturned a
three-year-old U.S. district court ruling in the Brown case that Utah's ban on
bigamy/polygamy violated the constitutional rights to privacy and religious
freedom.

What Blackmore, Brown and other fundamentalist Mormons want is for polygamy to
be decriminalized for them so that they can be left alone. And if you listen to
them, you'd think that there's little harm in that.

But it bears mentioning that in a Utah court deposition a few years ago,
Blackmore said that 10 of his wives were under 19 when they married him. He's
also admitted on several other occasions that some of them were only 15 or 16.

Nearly half of his under-aged wives are Americans and many came on visitor's
visas and never left. That's left them totally dependent on Blackmore because
they can't work here legally and have no access to any government assistance or
support should they chose to take their children and leave. And there are lots
of children.

Over the years, Blackmore has fathered 145 children.

To put this into a global context, in June, the Times of India thought it
newsworthy that a 46-year-old Pakistani polygamist had 35 children and was
aiming for 100.

Of course, the other curious thing about Blackmore's symposium appearance is
that a man awaiting trial - albeit the leader of a small, breakaway faction in
southeastern British Columbia - was there at all.

He's been allowed to freely travel back and forth between Canada and the U.S.
ever since he was charged in 2014.

The three others from Bountiful charged at the same time had to give up their
passports. They, however, were charged with the more serious offences of
transporting children (their daughters) for illegal purposes, which in these
cases is alleged to be for the purpose of becoming underaged brides to other
polygamous men.

But Blackmore was allowed to keep his because he argued that he needed it for
business travel.

Of course, it's no wonder that Blackmore was asked to speak at the Utah
symposium. He's about the only one who can. All of the big-time American
polygamists are either in jail, awaiting trial, on the run or on parole.

dbramham@postmedia.com twitter.com/daphnebramham !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Joanna Wilson, Creston Valley Advance, Files; Winston Blackmore, who
has fathered 145 children, is awaiting trial in British Columbia on one count of
polygamy. The court allows him to travel between the U.S. and Canada.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO Published Patent application of Q-Track Corporation titled as "Method of
near-field electromagnetic ranging and location"

LENGTH: 286  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140062792, published on March 06, 2014, 2014, by Q-Track Corporation, titled
as "Method of near-field electromagnetic ranging and location" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Schantz; Hans G.; (Huntsville, AL) ; DePierre; Robert E.;
(Huntsville, AL) ; Unden; Alfred H.; (Owens Cross Roads, AL) ; Richards; Eric
Alexander; (Madison, AL)
Assignee:  Q-Track Corporation
Huntsville
AL

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method of near-field electromagnetic ranging and location exploits the
long-wavelength, near-field characteristics of low-frequency RF signals like
those in the vicinity of the AM broadcast band. These signals are robust against
scattering from small objects and only mildly perturbed by the urban landscape
including building structures. They are thus amenable to an RF fingerprinting
approach exploiting a coarse calibration to capture the behavior of the
gradually varying signal characteristics. In embodiments, a method of near-field
electromagnetic ranging and location may exploit transmit tags transmitting to
an infrastructure of locator-receivers, or locator-receiver tags detecting
signals from an infrastructure of fixed transmitter beacons. In still further
embodiments, fixed transmitter beacons may be supplemented by uncooperative
signals sources including signals-of-opportunity like AM broadcast band
signals."

The Patent was filed on December 3, 2012 under application No. 20140062792

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               February 01, 2007
                              Business Day Edition

Simmers aims for million ounces after Pilgrim's Rest find

BYLINE: Stewart Bailey

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 397  words


Simmers aims for million ounces after Pilgrim's Rest find

Bloomberg

GOLD mining company Simmer & Jack Mines may produce more than 1-million ounces a
year by 2011, beating an earlier target, as it exploits a new discovery in the
northeast of the country.

The company might exceed an initial target of 730000oz by 300000oz after
discovering new deposits close to Pilgrim's Rest, where SA's first gold was
found in 1873, and applying heap-leach technology to exploit it, CEO Gordon
Miller (pictured) said yesterday. The company expects to produce 135000oz in the
12 months to March 31.

"We are going to do what the big, foreign gold majors are doing to get gold out
of environmentally sensitive areas," Miller said. "Our aim is to get to a
million ounces."

Simmers is buying mines discarded by rivals and revisiting SA's oldest-known
gold deposits, which it may exploit using lower-cost technology.

Its efforts may help arrest a decline in gold production from SA, the world's
largest source of the metal, as output drops at the larger, deeper mines
belonging to AngloGold Ashanti and Gold Fields.

The company would complete a feasibility study by the middle of the year to test
the viability of mining the new deposits through a series of open pits, Miller
said.

The gold deposits, which run for 70km through mountains and plantations, are
similar to those mined by Barrick Gold at Marigold in Nevada's Carlin gold
field.

Simmers said it would consider buying the Blyvooruitzicht mine from DRDGold once
that company had restructured the debt of its Australian Emperor Mines unit.

DRDGold said on December 6 that the company was working with Australia and New
Zealand Banking Group to review "financial restructuring options" to help
Emperor repay debts of A$42m to the bank and A$25m to DRDGold. Emperor is 79%
owned by DRDGold.

Simmer bought the Hartebeestfontein and Buffelsfontein mines, west of
Johannesburg, last year after they were closed by DRDGold following an
earthquake in 2005 that damaged underground infrastructure.

Blyvooruitzicht, also to the west of the city, produced 40477oz of gold in the
three months to September 30.

"If there's a value play there, we are definitely interested," Miller said
yesterday.

"At the moment, the corporate activity in Emperor makes it difficult."

Simmers is also producing gold from the Randfontein 4 Shaft it bought from
Harmony Gold Mining last year.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                             May 21, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

B.C. model sues agency; 'Powerful men' prey on young wannabes

BYLINE: Jack Keating, The Province

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 355  words


A former Miss British Columbia has filed a class-action lawsuit against a huge
Hollywood talent firm alleging a "criminal conspiracy" to sexually assault and
exploit young models and actresses.

Claire Robinson of Vancouver, who was named Miss B.C. in 2004, filed suit
Tuesday in Los Angeles Superior Court against International Creative Management,
Inc. (ICM) and named and unnamed men.

"Specifically, this class-action chronicles how young actresses wind up on the
'casting couch' to be sexually exploited through a criminal conspiracy of
powerful men in the entertainment industry," alleges the claim.

Robinson, 23, a fashion model, went to Los Angeles to pursue her dream of
acting.

"Instead, her dream of stardom was shattered by sexual battery and rape as she
became ensnared in a criminal enterprise . . . involving a scheme to sexually
exploit young [actresses]," the 21-page claim states.

Robinson's lawyer, Perry Wander, said the suit was filed under U.S. federal law
that provides civil action for acts performed as part of an ongoing criminal
enterprise.

The suit claims Robinson is among many women to be "hip-pocketed" by agents.
Hip-pocketing is a term used when a senior talent agent agrees to represent an
aspiring actress or model but never signs her.

The suit is seeking $10 million in punitive damages or 10 per cent of the annual
gross earning of ICM.

"She was sexually assaulted. . . in a limousine and she was raped . . . at her
apartment in West Hollywood," said Wander in an interview from his Beverly
Hills, Calif., law office.

"We want to bring a halt to the practise of hip-pocketing actresses because when
these rogue agents hip-pocket the actresses that relationship is ripe for abuse
and sexual exploitation," said Wander.

"In essence, we're claiming that this is racketeering for the sexual
exploitation of young women," said Wander.

ICM denied any wrongdoing.

"Ms. Robinson's allegations are completely baseless. ICM denies any and all
wrongdoing and will vigorously defend this action," company spokeswoman Michelle
Suess said in a statement, adding ICM would offer no further comment.
jkeating@theprovince.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Submitted Photo; Claire Robinson, former Miss B.C. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2009 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                            March 26, 2009 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

Don't waste vote on BNP - bishop

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 204 words


THE former Bishop of Wakefield has called on voters not to squander their votes
on the BNP in the European Parliamentary elections.

The Right Reverend Nigel McCulloch, now Bishop of Manchester, accused the BNP of
preaching a message of "division and hatred" during an address to Manchester
City Council today.

The BNP is fielding eight candidates in the North West, including party leader
Nick Griffin, in the elections on Thursday June 4.

Bishop McCulloch called on voters not to squander their vote on any political
party or candidate "who promotes division, exclusion, blame, or who in any other
way seeks to stir up racial and ethnic hatred".

He warned councillors that the far-right party would exploit "the difficult
times which presently face our country" to turn "one community against the
other".

He also said that sensitive debate by mainstream political parties was the way
forward.

Bishop McCulloch said Manchester was strengthened by its diversity.

Referring to the BNP, he said: "They will use racism and other prejudice to
challenge the very diversity which strengthens our city.

"They will exploit the difficult times which presently face our country, trying
to turn one community against the other."

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  PLEA: Bishop McCulloch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2009 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                           November 12, 2009 Thursday

Technology: War beneath the web: Hacking websites used to be a way to show off.
Now, as Charles Arthur reports in our series about online security, it's a
lucrative crime - committed on an industrial scale

BYLINE: Charles Arthur

SECTION: GUARDIAN TECHNOLOGY PAGES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1289 words


The email from Google in June was the first sign: it warned that the Free Our
Data site seemed to be host to a set of hidden spam links - or as Google put it,
"techniques that are outside our quality guidelines". It took more than two
months to discover the true extent of the hacking, which had planted links all
over the website to an "online pharmacy" selling dubious products.

More surprising, on digging into the problems, was the realisation that Free Our
Data was only one of a network of sites that had been hit in a similar way by
exploiting a subtle, hidden flaw. Others with similar spam links included the
Montserrat Volcano observatory site, a European research site, a
Minneapolis-based artist, an Australian website for singers, a recruiting
company in California, the personal webspace of a maths professor at the
University of Texas in San Antonio, and a medical devices website run by a large
healthcare company.

A search for "/online/canadian" will certainly turn up hundreds more sites that
have been compromised in the same way, such as the Imperial Ice Stars website.

Nor was this some Windows server exploit; the hacker seemed to have found holes
in the open source content management systems (CMS) of each of the blogs,
exploiting them to alter the sites at will.

I found two separate "control panels" inserted into Free Our Data, their names
disguised to make them seem like innocuous pieces of site code; instead, they
gave the hacker complete control to add any file to the site, and insert any
content into its related databases. The code carries text claiming to be by a
Chinese hacker called "4ngel", though it's most likely that the hacker
responsible simply bought or copied it. The password - "yahoo" - also gives a
clue to its owner's likely email address.

That so many apparently diverse sites could each be attacked by the same method
gives one pause for thought. While PCs running Windows are increasingly the
target of better-designed security exploits - as we explained last week (Enemy
of the state, 5 November, http://bit.ly/malware5nov) - what about the millions
of sites that are either hosted by individuals or run by companies for whom
staying ahead of server and CMS security issues is not top priority? What can we
say about the state of web security?

New tricks

The web seems a different place than in August 2001, when the "Code Red" (or
"Nimda") virus ravaged the web - automatically infecting Windows servers,
seeking out more to infect and putting an infected file onto webpages so that
any machine reading it with Internet Explorer 5 would also be infected. But that
doesn't mean security has become tighter.

The addition of spam links to a webpage is a comparatively low-key problem. The
bigger risk now is from "drive-by" downloads - malware (malicious software) that
will try to infect Windows machines that visit a particular website by
exploiting vulnerabilities in the browser.

Experts agree that the change is due to one critical factor: money. Hackers
generally don't now aim to make a mess; they do it to get cash.

"The difference is that in about 2003 people realised they could use these
weaknesses to make money," explains Richard Clayton, a security researcher at
Cambridge University. "There are three ways they do it: drive-by downloads,
which enlarge a botnet (which can be hired to send spam, assist in the theft of
personal details, or attack websites to extort their owners); hosting a phishing
site, so they can collect login details; and putting spam links on the site to
raise the spam's search engine ranking." The hacking of Free Our Data and the
other sites had the latter purpose.

Part of what's changed is the point at which a site's vulnerabilities are
exploited. Lloyd Brough, a managing consultant at NCC Group Secure Test, has
been in web security for about 10 years. "Nowadays, it's application-based," he
explains.

Exploits such as those used for Nimda targeted the web server software itself.
Generally, that has now been hardened.

So instead the target is the databases or associated software through which
sites' content and user requests and contributions are managed. These are
attacked though a method called "SQL injection" (http://bit.ly/sqlinj). If the
code that handles a submitted form, for example, doesn't create exceptions for
particular strings, it can be used to subvert the site. "We first noticed that
about six years ago," says Brough, "and people are still writing code that isn't
properly excepted."

Search and destroy

Nowadays, attacks at that application layer - on databases, the web scripting
languages such as PHP and ASP, or even on cookies (items of data stored on
users' machines) issued by the website - are commonplace. But what might be
surprising is the methods used to identify sites to break into.

Clayton and his team have done extensive research into phishing sites hosted on
cracked web servers. "We found the same sites would get hacked. Our insight was
that people were using Google to find websites to break into, by doing specific
searches for particular versions of software that they knew had particular
vulnerabilities - Wordpress 1.3.1 or Drupal or whatever. So they'd do a Google
search, find those sites and then hack all 50 sites using the same method."

Clayton's team could demonstrate that this was how it was done by studying the
sites' logs. And that wasn't the end of it: sometimes the same site would be hit
by more than one team of hackers, who would each put their own exploit onto it.
And the worst of it was that the Google search method meant that, if the site
wasn't cleaned, updated and hardened extensively after the break-in was
discovered, says Clayton, the chance of being compromised again in the next six
months was 50%. "It's like cleaning up after a burglary but not fixing the open
window downstairs," he says.

Bigger game

The targets are getting bigger, too. In the past couple of months, both the New
York Times and the gadget site Gizmodo have seen their online advertising
compromised to try to create "drive-by" infections; and the growing use by
criminals of "iframes" - invisible or tiny webpages-within-webpages which may
take their content from anywhere on the net - has increased the risk to the
casual browser.

But is there an endpoint? Might it level off? The consensus is no.

"It's a big problem and getting worse," says Dave Jevans, chief executive of
IronKey and chair of the Anti-Phishing Working Group. "When I have tracked
website attacks, I've found it convenient to look at the Zone-H statistics.
Zone-H.org reports on website breach defacements, as reported by bragging
hackers. The exact same attack methodologies are used to make a website host
malware or a phishing site.

"Today they reported 1,110 defacements so far. For the month of October 2009
they reported 47,560. So that's about half a million defaced websites per year.
Now keep in mind that this is reporting by hackers themselves. Imagine the
number of sites that are attacked and breached that are not reported to Zone-H."

It's a scary thought: can we trust the web? Bruce Schneier, a security
consultant and columnist for the Guardian, thinks the important thing is to stay
aware. "You need to have a good bullshit detector when you're out there," he
says. "I lock down my browser. I don't have stuff that I haven't asked to be
running."

But as to when it will end, Schneier is not hopeful. "It's an arms race," he
says simply.

Next week: Bobbie Johnson reports

on the state of spam

Cracking by numbers

1,110

Site defacements claimed by hackers on one day, as reported by Zone-H

47,560

Site defacements claimed for the month of October, according to Zone-H

50%

Chance of a compromised site being attacked again within six months

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. John's Telegram (Newfoundland)

                            October 29, 2004 Friday

Premier supported by ex-patriot

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 482  words


Currently, I live in Norwood, Massachusetts with my wife and child, all born
Newfoundlanders and Labradorians. I now work here in the Boston area as a
computer game technical artist and animator.

I graduated from Memorial University in 1989 with a degree in computer science
and worked in St. John's until 1996 at a local production company as a graphic
artist and animator. I moved to Norwood in 1996 to further my career as a
computer graphic artist and animator.

During the development of the Hibernia GBS, I worked with a St. John's company
doing photographic and documentary work on the development project. We produced
the photographs and videos you've all seen of the development of the platform's
base.

Tip of the iceberg

I paid attention to the deals, the government promises and the lure of future
development. I know. I've seen the maps. I've seen the data. The Hibernia field
is but a drop in the bucket of offshore oil reserves rightfully owned by
Newfoundland.

I recently read that Williams is standing firm against Ottawa which, once again,
is attempting to exploit Newfoundland's resources at the expense of
Newfoundlanders. This is, of course, not a new idea for Upper Canada.

For generations since 1949, Ottawa has glanced eastward, saw a new resource or
one it could exploit, and turned its full attention towards ensuring they
received all of the benefits while Newfoundland got pittance.

This time it must be different. If Newfoundland is ever to enjoy equal status
with the other provinces and territories, it must stand firm now and ensure that
Ottawa in no way takes any portion of what rightfully belongs to Newfoundland.

Capping, or in any way reducing the agreed-to percentages of oil wealth, is
unacceptable and I hope Williams keeps up the fight and gets Newfoundlanders
what rightfully belongs to them.

Look at hydro deal

If anyone doubts Williams is right, I say these words "Churchill Falls hydro
deal." Then-premier Joey Smallwood, in a desperate attempt to get the Churchill
developed as a source of electricity, gave away 99 years of practically free
electricity to Quebec to the detriment of Newfoundland.

To be fair, he had little choice at the time, but that doesn't change things.
Newfoundlanders now have a louder voice than they had during Smallwood's time.

We can never allow such a deal again.

Bravo, Mr. Williams. I left the province before you came to power. I left
because of a lack of opportunity there. People like you could bring those
opportunities to Newfoundland, and make it a fair player in the world economy,
evening out a playing field that has tragically leaned against Newfoundland for
far too long.

Sean Huxter, formerly of Springdale, Norwood, MA

If Newfoundland is ever to enjoy equal status with the other provinces and
territories, it must stand firm now and ensure that Ottawa in no way takes any
portion of what rightfully belongs to Newfoundland.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             October 1, 2004 Friday

The bottom rung of hero movies

BYLINE: Leah McLaren

SECTION: THE GLOBE REVIEW 7; Pg. R10

LENGTH: 525 words


Ladder 49

*

Directed by Jay Russell

Written by Lewis Colick

Starring Joaquin Phoenix

and John Travolta

Classification: PG

Don't get me wrong, I like firemen just as much as the next red-blooded gal
(they're big, strong, real-life heroes, what's not to like?) but something about
Ladder 49, for all its slow-motion shots of burly guys in T-shirts sliding down
poles and running into burning buildings with gushing hoses, made me seriously
want to gag.

It's no big secret that movies are a business, but every once in a while one
comes along that is so shameless in its effort to exploit public sympathy in the
name of box-office returns you can't help but feel emotionally conned at the end
of it.

Ladder 49 pretends really hard not to be a political movie, but it cannot shake
off the pall of world events that undoubtedly got it financed in the first
place. This movie exploits the memory of 9/11 the same way George W. Bush did in
the lead-up to the war in Iraq - that is, vaguely and shamelessly, in an effort
to meet its own largely economic ends.

Set in Baltimore, Md., Ladder 49 follows the story of firefighter Jack Morrison
(Joaquin Phoenix) as he confronts the battle of his life, an explosive blaze in
a high-rise industrial building. The movie opens with our hare-lipped hero
lowering a civilian to safety and then crashing several stories down, only to
wake up trapped and injured in a fortress of burning debris.

While his buddies struggle to get him out, our man has lots of time to recall
the predictable mush-fest that has been his adult life. Flashback One: Rookie's
first day at the firehouse (the guys play pranks on him!). Flashback Two: He
meets the love of his life (in a grocery store, of all places!). Flashback
Three: He gets married in a Catholic church (the happy couple ride off into the
sunset on a fire truck!). Flashback Four: His best buddy gets killed in the line
of duty, prompting him to contemplate the dangers of his job (but he bravely
gets back on the truck!). And so on in this vein for some 90 unsurprising
minutes.

In spite of a painfully obvious script, the performances are pretty decent.
Phoenix is believably unpretentious as a "regular guy" hero. His stout torso and
stumping gate lend him the air of an authentic hero, rather than the calendar
pinup version of the firefighter. John Travolta is also gruffly convincing as a
fire chief. Watching these guys rolling out of cots and pulling on helmets, it's
hard to believe they ever became actors in the first place. Their beer bellies
and down-home accents would seem out of place in Hollywood, let alone anywhere
fancier than the local Irish pub (where they hang out a lot, by the way).

In the short canon of firefighter movies, Ladder 49 is certainly no Towering
Inferno. It doesn't even compare to Backdraft, a mediocre picture that at least
had some interesting visual sequences to recommend it. Instead, Ladder 49 is the
kind of sentimental cash grab that can make a red-blooded gal feel cynical and
depressed not just about Hollywood, but America in general. Which is not to say
I don't like firemen. Apart from the movie, what's not to like?

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2004 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The Gloucester Citizen

                                August 14, 1999

Eddie's exploits to roll on film

BYLINE: By Citizen Reporter

SECTION: Pg.9

LENGTH: 519 words


A FILM telling the amazing life story of Eddie the Eagle Edwards is more likely
to be made in Britain than America, said Hollywood scriptwriter Simon Kelton.

Mr Kelton, an Englishman based in Los Angeles, has been asked by Hollywood
producer Rupert Maconnick to write the script for a film about Gloucestershire's
famous ski-jumper.

And he says Eddie's story has all the ingredients to be a British independent
film as successful as Four Weddings and a Funeral or The Full Monty.

Cheltenham-born Eddie, who trained and worked at the Gloucester Ski Centre at
Matson, shot to stardom by coming last in the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary.

Now he has negotiated terms for the film rights to his life story which could
net him a million dollars or more.

"Eddie is a fabulous character and it was a fantastic piece of bravery, bravado,
foolishness, showmanship, courage and determination for him to do what he did,"
said Mr Kelton from his LA home.

"The story really has got all the elements to make a wonderful film.

"Ski-jumping is much more cinematic and dramatic and interesting than just
normal ski-ing.

Exploits

"I think the story is stuffed with great material - the most difficult task I
will have is deciding how much of it to include.

"The problem will also be deciding when in Eddie's life to start the film - and
when to finish."

He said he has already had several phone chats with Eddie, read his
autobiography and studied all the press cuttings of his exploits.

"I hope to be back in the UK in October when I can have a long chat with Eddie,"
he said.

It was reported last weekend that Ewan McGregor, who plays the young Obi Wan
Kinobi in the latest Star Wars film, is being asked to play Eddie.

Mr Kelton said "I know Rupert is definitely approaching Ewan as his first choice
for the part. The nice thing about Ewan is that he does do quirky, fun films and
he has refused to be put into the normal Hollywood star mould. I hope he will
take the part."

Mr Kelton has a natural affinity with Eddie - he is an avid skier himself and
has recently been writing an article about the battle of the rival ski schools
in Vale, Colorado.

"I haven't started work on the Eddie project yet because I am just finishing a
remake of 'Ring of Bright Water' which we will be taking out on the town in
September," he said.

"But then we shall probably be pitching Eddie's story around in town here -
although neither of us think it is necessarily going to be a big Hollywood
production.

"It is more likely we shall be looking to raise the finance to do it in England
as an independent film. I think it will be more fun to do that and it will give
us a lot more creative leeway.

"I would also love to do a documentary sometime about Eddie's comeback because I
think it would be very entertaining. He is an amazing character with the most
amazing stories to tell."

Eddie, who is currently ski-ing in New Zealand, spoke last weekend of his
excitement about the film project.

He quipped "We're talking to Ewan McGregor about playing me - although I'm a bit
worried that he's not handsome enough!"

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 1999 The Gloucester Citizen


                              681 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 4, 1996, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

BASEBALL;
Belle Straddles Line Of Intimidation Tactics

BYLINE: By MURRAY CHASS

SECTION: Section B;   Page 11;   Column 5;   Sports Desk

LENGTH: 825 words


With an unintended touch of irony, the commissioner's office (the one without a
commissioner to fill it) released yesterday the first results of the fan voting
for next month's All-Star Game, showing Ken Griffey Jr. well ahead of all
American League players. Seattle's Griffey gets the votes; Cleveland's Albert
Belle gets suspended.

The All-Star vote is simply another validation of Griffey's popularity. The
suspension is another validation of Belle's villainy.

Most hitters of Belle's ability, like Griffey, attract attention with their
batting exploits. Belle was third in total All-Star votes, but his escapades
often overshadow his hitting exploits and make people forget what a good hitter
he is.

Now comes Albert the base runner. Yesterday he had baseball people and fans
alike debating the propriety of a play last Friday night in which he hit
Fernando Vina, the Milwaukee Brewers' second baseman, with a vicious forearm as
Vina tagged him between first and second. The verdict among a small group of
former players, all intimidating base runners in their time, was split.

Frank Robinson, currently unemployed after a lengthy front-office tenure with
Baltimore, was credited in his playing days with being the man who, when the
Cincinnati Reds traded him to the Orioles 30 years ago, introduced the National
League style of hard, aggressive base running to the American League.

"What you have to look at is what Albert Belle intended," Robinson said by
telephone from Los Angeles. "My thinking is, he didn't go in there to hurt Vina
or to hit him with a forearm in the face. Here's a big man going into a little
man. He wanted to hit him in the chest area and knock him down or back to keep
him from making the double play. His forearm came up and hit him in the face. I
don't think that was his intention. I think people are looking at it harshly."

When he played, Robinson said, if the fielder fielded the ball in the baseline,
he was "fair game."

"You didn't go in to hurt him," he said, "but you do what you have to do to
prevent the double play."

Joe Brinkman, the chief of the umpiring crew that worked Friday night's game,
said Belle's play was legal. But can a play be both legal and improper at the
same time?

Don Baylor, the Colorado Rockies' manager, who was another of that band of
players who sacrificed their bodies on the bases, suggested an answer of yes.

"That's where you draw the line," Baylor said of the forearm. "It's a cheap
shot. A forearm is not part of it. If he had run over him, knocked him down, no
one would have said a thing. A forearm is different."

Belle was at first base because he had been hit with a pitch. "When I got hit
with pitches," Baylor said by telephone from Pittsburgh, "I'm thinking, 'Now I
have to get a middle infielder.' But I didn't think about hitting a guy in the
throat with a forearm, just sliding hard."

Baylor offered a test to determine Belle's intent on the play and the reaction
it should have provoked.

"It depends on who the person is," he said. "If he was an aggressive slider into
second base breaking up double plays, Frank Robinson or Curt Blefary or Hal
McRae or myself, it probably would be no big deal. But he is not a guy known to
break up any double plays. Albert Belle does not have the reputation for running
down there and sliding into guys. If he did, he wouldn't be criticized for some
of the most routine things."

Belle, Baylor noted, had an opportunity to break up a double play earlier in the
same game in the very same circumstance and didn't run into Vina.

"The mistake he made is he didn't do it the first time," Baylor said. "Any time
I slid into a guy hard to break up a double play, I did it in the first or
second inning, so when you come back the second time he's going to get out of
there."

McRae, a coach with the Reds and as intimidating a base runner as baseball has
had in the past 25 years, was reluctant to criticize Belle.

"In Belle's case, his job is to attempt to spin the second baseman around so he
can't throw to first," McRae said from Cincinnati. "That can be very aggressive.
But he sort of gave him a forearm shiver."

Pressed for an opinion on the forearm shiver as an acceptable technique, McRae
said: "I don't want to be critical in that respect, but I thought he was maybe
overly aggressive. I think the play was legal, but yes, you can go too far."

McRae will be remembered as the base runner who threw a cross-body block on
Willie Randolph in the second game of the 1977 A.L. Championship Series between
the Yankees and the Kansas City Royals. He not only broke up the double play,
but also kept Randolph pinned to the ground long enough for Fred Patek to score
from second. "At the time it was legal," McRae said of the block.

Marty Springstead was the second-base umpire in that game. "The rule was changed
as a result of that play," said Springstead, now the A.L. executive director of
umpiring.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News Analysis

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              682 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            February 10, 2017 Friday

The secret world of vulnerability hunters;
Spies, hackers, and cybersecurity firms compete to find and exploit software
flaws, often to infiltrate criminal networks or track terrorists. A look into
this complex ecosystem.

BYLINE: Aliya Sternstein Correspondent

SECTION: World

LENGTH: 2261 words


By day, John Bambenek is a successful, if pretty ordinary, cybersecurity
professional. The 39-year-old father of four spends most of his days trying to
safeguard a bevy of corporate clients from malicious hackers. He analyzes
digital threats for the Bethesda, Md., firm Fidelis Cybersecurity and runs his
own security consultancy from his suburban Champaign, Ill., home. He's active on
LinkedIn and Twitter and once even ran for the Illinois state senate - as a
Republican.

But Bambenek is also a digital vigilante. Part of an exclusive but growing group
of skilled coders who moonlight for the FBI, he is quietly playing both defense
and offense. If federal investigators need technical assistance to pursue
targets, Bambenek infiltrates their networks, hacks websites, and stalks their
digital footprints. He spends hours hunting for vulnerabilities in commonly used
software - and turning them into tools for spying to steal critical and
compromising data.

See the full 'Web of Vulnerabilities' multimedia project:
passcode.csmonitor.com/theweb

He's helped the FBI dismantle two crime rings by writing software tools that
take advantage of so-called "zero-days," or unknown vulnerabilities in digital
products that manufacturers have not fixed. He says that investigators are
currently using one of his surveillance tools to monitor the digital trails of
39 criminal operations.

In one case, in September 2015, Bambenek discovered a flaw in a website where a
European criminal software syndicate sold surveillance technology to governments
and nefarious hackers. Within minutes, he broke in and uncovered a virtual
Rolodex of customers, payments, and products, all of which he turned over to the
FBI.

Still, deploying vulnerabilities to hack digital networks, even those used by
suspected criminals, raises serious legal questions. The spyware syndicate
operation, he admits, is "definitely a gray area ... . Yeah, I work for a
security company, but nobody's protecting Joe Sixpack, and you really can't
protect them. All you can do is just go after the criminals and change the
dynamics, hopefully."

Much of Bambenek's work is possible because the technology that underpins most
of daily life - the websites we all use, the apps on our smartphones, the
software on our laptops, and industrial systems running critical infrastructure
- is flawed. It's rife with vulnerabilities. It has bugs and shoddy code. For
law enforcement, those flaws might provide a way of tapping a criminal's
smartphone. But for repressive governments, bugs could help them break into
activists' email accounts or spy on their Skype calls.

And in an age in which criminal hackers or intelligence operatives may be able
to influence entire democracies by breaching and leaking sensitive emails, such
as those in the Democratic National Committee's mailbox, software flaws are
increasingly valuable to both the people trying to break into digital networks
and those trying to defend them.

"Much of cybersecurity can be reduced to a constant race between the software
developers and security experts trying to discover and patch vulnerabilities,
and the attackers seeking to uncover and exploit those vulnerabilities," says a
recent report from New America, a Washington think tank. "There is a wide range
of actors seeking to discover security flaws in software, whether to fix them,
exploit them, or sell them to someone else who will fix or exploit them."

The vulnerability marketplace

That demand for vulnerabilities helps drive the lucrative marketplace for
malicious software that generates as much as $100 million annually in sales,
estimates Trey Herr, a coauthor of the New America report and fellow with the
Belfer Center's Cyber Security Project at the Harvard Kennedy School.

Even though some hackers are selling vulnerabilities back to tech companies in
so-called "bug bounty" programs, much of the top-dollar trade in vulnerabilities
takes place in the digital underground. "The most expensive, the most
interesting transactions ... take place in the darkest corners and the farthest
from public view," he says.

The value of a software defect often depends on how much the seller has
weaponized it, and how valuable the targeted system is to a particular mission,
according to insiders. An exploit that can crack an iPhone without the victim
noticing could be worth double the price of the flaw alone, says Jared DeMott, a
former vulnerability exploit analyst at the National Security Agency (NSA) and
government contractor Harris Corporation. He now serves as chief technology
officer of Binary Defense Systems.

"If you want to maximize your profit, let's say you have a good bug, like a
really juicy bug. It's a zero-day for the iPhone. That's super juicy. That'd be
worth a ton of money," says Mr. DeMott.

In August, Apple launched a bug bounty program that would pay researchers as
much as $200,000 for finding vulnerabilities in its products. But some
third-party bug buyers, who sell software secrets to governments, might shell
out more than seven times that amount. Zerodium, one of the most popular online
marketplaces for vulnerabilities, is currently offering security researchers
$1.5 million for a "fully functional zero-day exploit" that can crack iOS 10,
Apple's mobile operating system.

Click here see the full 'Web of vulnerabilities' multimedia project

Because these vulnerabilities often provide the building blocks for hacking
tools that government agencies use to carry out espionage activities, former
exploit suppliers believe the NSA and other spy agencies around the world are
active buyers.

"I have very little doubt that the US government, along with many other
governments in the world, buys zero-days on the black market," says Michael
Borohovski, who worked in the intrusion operations division of ManTech
International Corp., a government contractor, between 2009 and 2011.

The number of cyberexploits the US spy community buys in a single year can vary
depending on the type of intelligence operations underway, say insiders. A
single operation might require multiple zero-days.

"One would get you some level of access, the other would escalate access, and so
on and so forth," says Mr. Borohovski. For instance, he said, ManTech held a
number of contracts with a range of government agencies where the order "was to
perform vulnerability discovery, develop exploits and then weaponize them as
needed."

'Cat-and-mouse game'

Often, by the time ManTech tried to deliver a software exploit to the customer,
the security vulnerability had already been found, so the contractor would go
back to the drawing board and try to find new entryways, he said. On "Patch
Tuesday," the day of the week software developers such as Adobe and Microsoft
update commercial software, "sometimes they'll simply fix the bugs that you
spent the last six months weaponizing," says Borohovski.

"I always call it a cat-and-mouse game between the manufacturers and us. Us
being able to find a vulnerability, being able to utilize that to assist law
enforcement, before they close the door," says Lee Reiber, chief operating
officer of Oxygen Forensics, one of the many smaller firms in the growing market
of phone hacking technology. "Then we start back over again to find it," hunting
for other vulnerabilities and zero-days.

Oxygen Forensics recently helped local police officers extract data from an
Android smartphone as part of a kidnapping investigation. The firm cracked the
phone in minutes. Across the forensics industry, it typically takes just six
hours to physically decrypt a 16GB Android device. A tool known as the "Android
Jet Imager" decodes smartphone contents within seven minutes, according to
Oxygen.

The large federal defense contractor MITRE licenses the Android decoder to
Oxygen. While building the technology, MITRE consulted numerous federal
forensics laboratories, federal law enforcement agencies, and Pentagon officials
that all stressed a need for "rapid acquisition and analysis of Android
devices," Mark Guido, principal cybersecurity engineer at MITRE, said in an
email.

The speed of MITRE's method relies on, among other things, an algorithm that
limits the amount of unnecessary data blocks sent from the smartphone to the
receiving computer. "The applications for our approach include crime scenes,
border crossings, and any other situation where performing a mobile forensic
acquisition is time-sensitive," according to the Aug. 7, 2016, issue of Journal
of Digital Investigation.

Typically, the federal government doesn't ask a cybersecurity contractor for a
bug, say former suppliers. It approaches a contractor with a goal. The objective
might be, hypothetically speaking, "we need to get past a certain antivirus
tool" or "get into an internet cafe through some particular method," says
Borohovski, now an executive at cyberdefense firm Tinfoil Security.

As the US government's interest in these kinds of digital operations increases,
military contractors have scooped up boutique firms that concentrate on spy
technology, industry insiders say. ManTech, for instance, bought exploit
researcher Oceans Edge last June for an undisclosed amount and Raytheon
purchased bug developer SI Government Solutions in 2008 for an undisclosed sum.
What's more, defense contractors ManTech, Booz Allen Hamilton, Harris, and
Raytheon have all landed formal US government contracts to infiltrate targeted
software, say former employees there.

ManTech did not respond to requests for comment and the other three corporations
declined to discuss offensive cyber contracts or capabilities, most of which are
classified.

While controversial, it's legal to peddle security exploits to most governments,
companies and individuals - as long as the seller doesn't use them. "Selling
software itself is not generally a crime," says Peter Swire, a professor of law
and ethics at the Georgia Institute of Technology. Still, he says, "hacking into
a protected computer is a crime."

A blanket US antihacking law, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, prohibits
breaking into someone else's computer without consent but doesn't forbid playing
around with code that has the potential to, say, hack a firewall.

What's more, US intelligence agencies such as the NSA are free to break into
computers, phones, and networks to pursue foreign espionage operations. And if
local and federal law enforcement agencies such as the Secret Service or the FBI
obtain a warrant, they can also use vulnerabilities to hack a suspects' computer
or mobile device.

Taming the vulnerabilities game

But there are limits on where cybersecurity firms can sell their digital
exploits. Multinational companies that do business in the US can't sell military
equipment, including offensive software, to certain sanctioned countries such as
Iran, Russia, or North Korea.

"Defense companies are regulated in what they can sell abroad, because
everything they do is viewed as a defense service and thus restricted under
ITAR," or the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, that requires
government approval for an export license, says Ret. Rear Adm. Bill Leigher, a
Raytheon cybersecurity director, who has a background in Navy signals
intelligence.

As with any tool designed for military and civilian uses, there are dangers of
these hacking programs falling into the wrong hands. To be sure, the misuse of
government-grade exploits unnerves many civil liberties groups.

"Governments shouldn't be able  to use them to crack down on free speech or
dissidents," says Andrew Crocker, staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier
Foundation (EFF), which is suing the Ethiopian government on behalf of a
blogger, now residing in Maryland, who alleges his Skype communications were
tapped through malware made by German surveillance-tech company Gamma Group.

Click here see the full 'Web of vulnerabilities' multimedia project

In an effort to better balance public safety with national security needs,
Georgia Tech's Swire had suggested that decisions involving whether the
government should inform tech companies about software flaws not be left solely
to intelligence agencies.

Swire served on President Obama's 2013 Review Group on Intelligence and
Communications Technologies, a response to the Edward Snowden leaks about the
NSA's global surveillance operations. He recommended the government weigh the
costs and benefits of telling citizens about software holes through a series of
multiagency reviews, which is now known as the Vulnerability Equities Process.
While still a secretive discussion, the process now includes representation from
Commerce and other civilian departments.

The FBI and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, which oversees
the intelligence community, declined to comment for this story.

Even when it has a firm argument for keeping a software defect quiet, the
government faces the possibility of its closeted cyberespionage arsenal escaping
into the wild. Just this summer there was an online leak of alleged NSA hacking
tools by a mysterious group calling itself the "Shadow Brokers." The US
government also identified some of the blueprints for the tools among the
immense cache of classified material that ex-Booz Allen contractor Harold Martin
allegedly took home from the NSA.

"When governments acquire these things they take a gamble that no one else is
going to find out about them or that they won't be stolen or leaked," says Mr.
Crocker of the EFF. "Now I'm not saying that they should never retain
vulnerabilities in the first place, but that that's a risk that has to be
understood."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2017 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 22, 1989, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

SPORTS PEOPLE: SUPER BOWL XXIII;
For Bill Walsh, Two Doors Are Ajar

BYLINE: By DAVE ANDERSON

SECTION: Section 8; Page 3, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 936 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


His 49er players talk about Bill Walsh's ability to identify and exploit an
opposing team's weakness on defense. And when Super Bowl XXIII begins, the
whispers are that the 49ers will try to exploit Reggie Williams, the Bengals'
34-year-old right outside linebacker.

Other National Football League coaches talk about Walsh's ability to choreograph
a pass to a virtually uncovered receiver, often with the nearest defender
several yards away.

If Vince Lombardi was the pro football coach of the 60's, if Chuck Noll, Don
Shula and Tom Landry were the coaches of the 70's, Bill Walsh and Joe Gibbs have
been the coaches of the 80's. And now Walsh has the opportunity to do what only
Noll has done: coach three Super Bowl championship teams (Noll coached four).

At age 57, Walsh has already surpassed his peers and predecessors in finances.
His reported $1.3 million annual salary is the highest in N.F.L. history for a
coach.

But mere money isn't what makes Bill Walsh coach. After the 49ers earned the
first of two Super Bowl rings in 1982, their silver-haired coach talked about a
''certain urgency'' that had obsessed him throughout his career on the sideline.

''For so many years I've been consumed with coaching and my career, the
uncertainties of my life, then with maintaining a level of success,'' he said.
''I wonder when I'll be rid of the continuous drive to fulfill these needs.''

When? Maybe when Super Bowl XXIII is over. Preferably, when Commissioner Pete
Rozelle is presenting the Vince Lombardi Trophy to the 49ers.

In quieter moments this season Walsh has acknowledged, ''I might retire if I win
another Super Bowl.'' And all week here he has been saying, ''In an
organizational meeting Monday or Tuesday we'll resolve where we're going and
hopefully our entire staff will remain together.'' To most people around the
49ers, especially his players, that translates to Walsh resigning as coach and
naming George Seifert, the 49ers' defensive coordinator, as his successor.

Even so, the question lingers. Why would Walsh stop coaching now?

Just as Walsh clinically identifies the weakness of other teams, he has
identified the weakness of Super Bowl expectancy: even if the 49ers win Super
Bowl XXIII, they almost surely won't win again in New Orleans next year. And
just as clinically, he's apparently planning to exploit that weakness by not
coaching anymore.

Not since the 1978-79 Steelers has a Super Bowl champion repeated the following
season. It's not a coincidence. It's that the door to the Super Bowl throne room
is never ajar for long.

As soon as a winning team slips through that door, that team soon finds it
slammed shut for several seasons. Walsh apparently doesn't want it slammed in
his face again.

Only the Steelers, the Miami Dolphins and the Green Bay Packers have won
successive Super Bowls; the Steelers did it twice over a span of six seasons.
Only the Dolphins have ever gone to three consecutive Super Bowl games; they
lost before winning twice. And ever since the 1978-79 Steelers, only two
franchises have qualified for the Super Bowl in successive seasons: the 1982-83
Washington Redskins, who won and lost, and the 1986-87 Denver Broncos, who lost
twice.

''Now if you're in the playoffs almost every year and every fifth or sixth year
go to the Super Bowl, that's about all you can expect,'' Walsh said Friday. ''To
win it even once, a lot of things have to fall in place.''

Injuries, for example. The primary reason any team wins the Super Bowl is that
its best players stayed healthy through a 19-game campaign. Other reasons, as
Walsh says, are that ''everyone on your team seems to have his best year while
other teams have had injuries.''

''You can't figure on all that happening two years in a row,'' Walsh said.

Another reason, according to Walsh, is that as a defending Super Bowl champion,
''everybody points toward you.''

''They know how you won,'' he said, ''they're more prepared for you.'' Once a
team wins the Super Bowl, its players also tend to think they can turn on that
same electricity any time they want. But they can't. As the Redskins, the Giants
and the Bears discovered.

It's taken the 49ers four years to return to the Super Bowl, but now that
they're here, they appear too strong for the Bengals, say, by 31-21.

''We've been in the playoffs six straight years; nobody else has done that,''
Walsh said sharply before the 28-3 rout of the Bears in the N.F.C. championship
game. ''We've won more games in the 80's than anybody. Two Super Bowls, six
divisions. Not bad.'' Walsh is also aware of a side door that's ajar: of all the
winning Super Bowl coaches, only Vince Lombardi ''went out on top'' after a
victory, the Packers' triumph in II.

After spending 1968 as the Packers' general manager, Lombardi missed what he
called ''the fire on Sunday'' that a coach endures. He joined the Redskins in
1969 as coach and general manager. As the 1970 season was about to begin he died
of cancer. Lombardi's mystique still shines as brightly as the Super Bowl trophy
named for him.

But the longer a winning Super Bowl coach remains on the sideline, the longer
he's subject to eventual criticism if his team suddenly doesn't win.

To their dismay, Noll, Shula and Landry learned that lesson during the recent
season when critics wondered if the game had passed them by. And now Bill Walsh
apparently wants to avoid that happening to him, as it surely would if he were
to remain long enough.

With the door to the Super Bowl throne room ajar, the 49ers' coach hopes his
team slips through while he slips out the coaches' side door.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Bill Walsh, 49ers' coach (AP)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              684 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Assam Tribune (India)

                             June 4, 2016 Saturday

A legend departs

LENGTH: 450 words

DATELINE: Guwahati


Guwahati, June 4 -- Arguably the greatest boxer to have walked the arena,
Muhammad Ali redefined the sport of boxing as nobody had done before him. He was
clearly a different boxer from those who preceded him or those who succeeded
him. His exploits in the arena ' including his famous victories against the
likes of Joe Frazier, George Foreman and Sonny Liston ' have remained a part of
enduing boxing folklore.

With his death at the age of 74, it is indeed the end of a glorious era in
boxing. The gifted athlete that he undoubtedly was, Ali had an equally sharp
tongue and used it to his advantage before and even during bouts. He regarded
self-aggrandizement as a virtue, often referring to himself as 'the greatest'
and singing paeans in his own praise. He indulged in boasting about his skills
before a fight which was actually a ploy to wear down his opponents
psychologically. His colourful descriptions and phrases gained a lot of currency
' the most celebrated one being the 'float like a butterfly, sting like a bee'.
That Ali had a soft heart inside his rugged demeanour is testified to by his
wide-ranging philanthropic exploits after he retired from the ring. Ali's boxing
career was jeopardized for four years when the US Government had him arrested
for committing a felony (when he refused to serve in the Vietnam War) in April
1967 and he was almost immediately stripped of his world title and boxing
licence. The US Supreme Court eventually overturned the conviction in June 1971,
allowing him to make a successful comeback to boxing. Diagnosed with Parkinson's
disease in 1984, Ali later devoted much of his time to philanthropy, earning the
Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2005.

Born Cassius Clay in Louisville, Kentucky, in 1942, Ali started as an amateur
boxer and became an Olympic gold medalist in 1960, followed by the world
heavyweight boxing champion in 1964. Following his suspension for refusing
military service, Ali reclaimed the heavyweight title two more times during the
1970s, winning famed bouts ' dubbed as 'Fight of the Century', 'Rumble in the
Jungle' and 'Thrilla in Manila' ' against Joe Frazier and George Foreman. Ali
had a tough childhood, growing up in the segregated South and experiencing
racial prejudice and discrimination first hand. Although raised in a Baptist
household, Ali ' in a famous conversion in 1964 ' renounced Christianity and
converted to Islam. The legendary boxer may no longer be with us today, but his
legacy will endure the test of time.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Assam Tribune. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Assam Tribune (P) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                February 17, 2000 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

AFL-CIO: GIVE ILLEGALS A BREAK IT BACKS AMNESTY AND NO SANCTIONS

BYLINE: MERCURY NEWS WIRE AND STAFF REPORT

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 915 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS


The American labor movement Wednesday called for blanket amnesty for illegal
immigrants and an end to most sanctions against employers who hire them.

In decades past, labor unions often saw immigrant workers as the enemy, accusing
them of depressing wages and breaking strikes. But the executive council of the
AFL-CIO adopted a more sympathetic approach Wednesday to illegal immigrants,
contending that too often the nation's immigration rules had enabled employers
to exploit them.

The new policy comes as business groups are pushing for similar legislative
changes to help industry cope with a shortage of workers and as the high-tech
industry is urging Congress to allow more skilled immigrants to come to the
United States to work legally.

Wednesday's action came after California union officials urged AFL-CIO officials
to back an amnesty, telling them that many illegal workers faced low wages and
lives of misery because of the way immigration rules have enabled unscrupulous
employers to exploit them.

Immigrants make up an ever-larger part of the nation's workforce, and labor
leaders are stepping up efforts to unionize hundreds of thousands of immigrants
who work at farms, hotels, construction, meat packing and many other industries.
Labor leaders complain that unscrupulous employers often fight off unionization
drives by threatening to fire employees who are illegal immigrants and support
unions, and by calling immigration officials to deport them.

"The present system doesn't work and is used as a weapon against workers," said
John Wilhelm, chairman of the labor federation's Committee on Immigration Policy
and president of the Hotel Employees and Restaurant Employees Union.

"The only reason a lot of employers want to hire a large number of illegal
aliens is so they can exploit them."

The AFL-CIO said it would continue its opposition to the proliferation of
guest-worker programs that has allowed a variety of corporations to bring
skilled workers into the United States, particularly in the high-tech industry.
Officials said they want fewer guest-worker programs and greater scrutiny of
corporate claims that they cannot find appropriate workers in the United States.

Among these programs is the H1-B visa program, which grants temporary visas to
foreign workers in specialized occupations, including computer programming.
Under pressure from the high-tech industry, Congress raised the annual quota on
H1-B visas to 115,000 in 1999 and 2000, up from 65,000. It's scheduled to fall
to 107,500 in 2001 and 65,000 in 2002.

Although the AFL-CIO did not change its position on visa programs for skilled
workers, immigration advocates said it was significant.

The labor federation's resolution calls for blanket amnesty for the estimated 6
million illegal immigrants in the United States. At the same time, the
federation, which is holding its annual winter meeting in New Orleans, called on
the federal government to maintain efforts to keep out illegal immigrants.

Just 15 years ago, the labor federation's support helped pass legislation
creating sanctions for employers who hire illegal immigrants. At the time, labor
unions said such sanctions were needed to keep illegal immigrants from flooding
the labor market and undermining union wages. But union officials said Wednesday
that a new policy was needed because employer sanctions have failed to stem the
tide of immigration and because immigrants represent such a large part of the
workforce in dozens of industries.

"It's a very dramatic change in policy that follows a very dramatic change in
our world," Wilhelm said.

Many immigrants have had an ambivalent attitude toward the labor movement
because some unions sought to keep out immigrant workers and because of labor's
past support of employer sanctions. But with unions straining to organize more
workers, labor officials have concluded that current immigration rules, with
their threat of deportation, have made it hard to unionize industries that hire
many illegal immigrants, like apparel, chicken-processing and hotels.

Labor leaders pointed to an incident involving a Holiday Inn Express in
Minneapolis, which asked immigration officials to deport nine hotel maids after
they had voted to unionize. The maids were arrested.

Labor officials see their new policy as a way to make immigrants warm up toward
labor and to make it easier to unionize businesses with many illegal immigrants
by making it harder for employers to intimidate them.

"We, the labor movement, have to put ourselves in a leadership position in
immigrant rights," said Arturo Rodriguez, president of the United Farm Workers.
"This is a way to help low-wage, immigrant workers."

Randy Johnson, vice president of labor policy for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce,
welcomed the labor federation's new policy. "It's certainly adeparture from
organized labor's traditional position, which was an increased number of
immigrant workers is bad for domestic workers," he said. "I think this is an
area where the business community and organized labor can work together."

But at least one key member of Congress on immigration issues, Rep. Lamar Smith,
R-Texas, chairman of the Judiciary Committee's subcommittee on immigration,
called labor's announcement a cynical ploy.

"What a betrayal of American workers," Smith said.

"Apparently, union bosses are so distraught about declining enrollments they
will stoop to exploiting illegal workers."

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 1, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

HART SEEKING TO EXPLOIT GAIN IN NEW HAMPSHIRE

BYLINE: By FRANK LYNN

SECTION: Section B; Page 12, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 675 words

DATELINE: MANCHESTER, N.H., Feb. 29


Senator Gary Hart sought today to exploit his surprising victory in the New
Hampshire Presidential primary Tuesday amid expectations that his campaign's
financial problems might end soon.

He and his aides said they had selected three other New England states, Maine,
Vermont and Massachusetts, for efforts to maintain the momentum gained in New
Hampshire,

''I intend to compete full out in the state of Massachusetts,'' the Senator said
at a news conference here before he left New Hampshire, where he spent 57 days
campaigning over the last year, for a fund-raising event in Denver tonight and a
quick visit to three Southern states Friday.

Delegates to Be Picked Later


Oliver Henkel, Mr. Hart's campaign manager, said his candidate would have the
opportunity to fill 95 percent of the delegates to the Democratic National
Convention, even though he had failed to file for many delegate positions in
several states. Mr. Henkel added that in most cases, including New York State,
these delegate positions could be filled after the primaries.

Echoing his campaign manager, Senator Hart said tonight, ''I cannot imagine that
the rules would nominate Vice President Mondale even if the voters nominate
me.''

On the fund-raising front, Mr. Henkel said he expected a surge of contributions
coming off Tuesday's victory in New Hampshire. ''The most significant challenge
of the campaign, quite frankly, is money,'' Mr. Henkel said.

As of Jan. 31, according to Mike Moore, Mr. Hart's campaign treasurer, the
campaign was about $557,000 in debt, and Mr. Moore said the debt had grown about
$250,000 since then.

On the political front, Senator Hart said he expected to receive a ''rapid
spillover'' from New Hampshire into Maine, Massachusetts and Vermont, all of
which have primaries or caucuses in the next two weeks.

Massachusetts, with 116 delegates and a custom of being friendly to liberal
Democrats, will hold its primary March 13, when eight other states will hold
primaries or caucuses.

Most of the Massachusetts Democratic organization, headed by Gov. Michael S.
Dukakis, is supporting former Vice President Walter F. Mondale. But Jack Weir,
Mr. Hart's state coordinator, termed Massachusetts ''a very good state for Gary
Hart.''

Mr. Weir said he was not overly concerned by George McGovern's decision to
campaign full time in Massachusetts for the next two weeks, bypassing other
primaries and caucuses. ''McGovern's candidacy was predicated on Mondale as the
front-runner; now there is an alternative,'' Mr. Weir said.

If New England is at least reasonably fertile territory for Senator Hart, the
South is not, according to Southern politicians. The three states the Senator
plans to visit, Georgia, Florida and Alabama, hold primaries and caucuses on
March 13, but except for the Atlanta area Mr. Hart has done little campaigning
there.

'Too Liberal' for the South


Typical of the comments by party leaders in the South were those of Georgia's
Secretary of State, Max Cleland, who said the Hart organization in Georgia was
''as bare as a bone as far as I can see.'' Mr. Hart ''has a lot of ground to
make up in two weeks,'' Mr. Cleland added.

Several Democrats said Mr. Hart had done little organizing and, in any event,
was perceived as ''too liberal'' for the South. The ''McGovern connection'' was
also cited as a disadvantage, a reference to Mr. Hart's role as Mr. McGovern's
campaign manager in the 1972 Presidential campaign.

In Florida, Senator Hart has filed for only 34 of 84 Congressional district
delegate positions. He is also handicapped by the fact that delegates committed
to candidates, even candidates who drop out of the race, cannot change their
identification on the ballot.

Mr. Hart's prospects in three Western states holding caucuses on March 13 -
Washington, Oklahoma and Nevada, with a total of 143 delegates - are brighter
than the South, Democrats in those three states agreed. The Senator is scheduled
to campaign two days next week in Oklahoma.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              687 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             October 1, 2007 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

At Reborn Plaza Hotel, a Party to Mark 100 Years

BYLINE: By JAMES BARRON

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1268 words


One hundred years ago today, the first guest checked into the Plaza Hotel,
signing the  register with a flourish. He was Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt, the heir
to a famous fortune.

His arrival was orchestrated by the Plaza's first manager, who wanted the new
hotel to open with a splashy, attention-getting stunt.

The Plaza will celebrate its anniversary tonight with another stunt, a party in
its front yard -- Grand Army Plaza, on Fifth Avenue at Central Park South -- as
this storied New York institution enters its second century with a new look and
fresh challenges.

This time, the Plaza will serve as both centerpiece and backdrop. The Plaza has
played that role before, for Eloise and her fictional exploits and Truman Capote
and his social exploits at his Black and White Ball in 1966. Tonight there will
be fireworks, some spiraling off the Plaza's turreted roof, and the numerals 100
will be displayed on the side of the building.

There will be waiters serving slices of a meticulous scale-model birthday cake
made by the society baker Ron Ben-Israel based on architectural drawings of the
Plaza, with a facade of nutmeg, cinnamon and ginger and windows of crystallized
sugar.

And there will be a serenade to the Plaza: a version of the song ''My Way,''
featuring lyrics reworked by Paul Anka.

''My Way'' is appropriate, said the chairwoman of El Ad U.S. Holdings, whose
Elad Properties subsidiary paid $675 million for the Plaza three years ago and
is close to completing a top-to-bottom renovation that is turning part of the
building into some of the most expensive condominiums in the city.

The chairwoman, Orly Daniell, said ''My Way'' was fitting because of her father,
Isaac Tshuva, 59, an Israeli dealmaker who climbed to No. 214 on the Forbes list
of the world's billionaires last year. Forbes estimated his net worth at $4
billion from real estate and other holdings, including more than 200 service
stations in Israel and this country.

''Everything my father accomplished in his life, he did his way,'' Ms. Daniell
said in an interview last month, with Mr. Tshuva sitting across the Edwardian
Room at the Plaza, talking on a cellphone. ''He's not your old-school
businessman.''

No, and that is why, to many New Yorkers who remember what the Plaza once was,
its new ownership and new look have raised questions: Will the Plaza have the
same cachet, or will all that be a nostalgia-tinted memory?

Once the construction crews are gone, it will no longer be just a hotel -- it
will contain some of the city's priciest private homes. Will the Plaza become a
new kind of period piece, a symbol of new money and expensive real estate,
rather than a gathering place that somehow drew in a cross-section of New York?

These are questions that matter to the Tshuvas, and not, apparently, just for
business reasons.

''When I first connected to the Plaza,'' Mr. Tshuva said after ending his call
and joining the interview, ''I connected with my heart.''

He and Ms. Daniell said that was in the 1980s, when he was a tourist visiting
New York. But Ms. Daniell said the emotional pull remained strong as he
negotiated the deal for the Plaza.

''When he bought it,'' Ms. Daniell said, ''he completely adored the Plaza and
what it represented -- the look and the feel of the building, and he was
committed to bringing it back to what is remembered.''

Gal Nauer, the architect who coordinated the renovations, had heard that for a
long time -- Ms. Nauer is Mr. Tshuva's other daughter and remembers the tourist
visit. ''The toughest thing at all levels was the intention, to recreate the
legend of the Plaza,'' said Ms. Nauer, joining her father and sister for the
interview.

''The challenge is that New Yorkers are so connected to the Plaza -- they
celebrated their sweet 16 there, they had tea with their aunt or their
grandmother there. They have a vision of what the Plaza was, and what it should
be.''

Hearing that, Mr. Tshuva jumped up from his chair in the Edwardian Room, which
has most recently been the sales office for the condominiums. He zipped past a
model of the Plaza that sits in a glass case and pointed to a poster on the
opposite wall.

It was a reproduction of a 1907 advertisement showing the Plaza's original
prices. A room went for as little as $2.50 a day ($4 with bath). A room with a
parlor, two bedrooms and two baths was $25 a day.

Mr. Vanderbilt, the first guest, even took a room within summoning distance of a
servant. According to Curtis Gathje, an author who has written a history of the
Plaza, the hotel's first manager ''wanted to send a message to the world about
what kind of place the Plaza aspired to be. Vanderbilt embodied it perfectly: He
was young, dashing, well known and a scion of one of America's wealthiest
families.''

That established the Plaza's reputation, a reputation it retained for the rest
of the 20th century. ''It was a luxury hotel, but it was too big,'' he said,
''but yet it still somehow managed to give the illusion that it was a luxury
hotel, and I think it was helped a lot by events that recharged it. When Truman
Capote had his party, it gave it a psychic charge. And they shot a lot of movies
there, and that's why it's known to the world. Most people have a nostalgia for
the place, and yet they never patronized it and are aghast at the thought of it
being changed.''

The contrast between the Plaza's first owners and its new owner is unmistakable.
Mr. Tshuva grew up in a family of 11 in a one-bedroom apartment in Israel. As a
teenager, he worked as the stock clerk in the family's grocery store. Ms.
Daniell said he had no choice but to go to school at night.

The investors who built the Plaza a century ago ran $1 million over their
original budget, according to some accounts. Crain's New York Business reported
last month that the renovations were running at least $50 million more than
planned, with overtime and higher materials costs driving the total to about
$400 million. Through a spokeswoman, Mr. Tshuva said yesterday, ''We are
investing whatever is needed to restore the beauty of the building.''

Ms. Daniell said the Plaza would open in stages in the next few months. A
handful of condominium owners have already moved in, she and Ms. Nauer said. The
Palm Court and the ballrooms are expected to open in December, and the hotel and
new retail stores in early 2008.

But first, there is the party. The Tshuvas hired Harriet Weintraub, a publicist,
who recruited the high-end event planner David E. Monn.

For the fireworks-and-light display beginning at about 7:20 p.m., the Plaza
hired Fireworks by Grucci, the family-run Long Island company, and Syncrolite,
which has done light shows at the pyramids in Egypt, the Eiffel Tower and the
Angkor Wat temple complex in Cambodia.

Mr. Monn said it will be ''an all-inclusive celebration.''

''There's an invited list,'' he said, ''but this is really for the public to
see.'' That reflects what he called ''the unique thing about the Plaza.''

''People you wouldn't put on your radar screen feel an ownership with the
Plaza,'' he said. ''They've had special moments there.''

Like Mr. Tshuva, he had his first such moment as a tourist, visiting New York
for the first time when he was 19. He went to the Palm Court.

''I felt as if I had been a part of a place of history,'' he said. ''Be it
people who were married there, had a date there, people have such memories. From
what I know of the owners, they want all of that beauty and elegance and stature
that the Plaza holds to be the Plaza in its new form. The new form is very much
the old form.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: The Plaza Hotel its opening year, when its first guest was
Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt.
The Plaza Hotel its opening year, when its first guest was Alfred Gwynne
Vanderbilt.
Images from a century at the Plaza: The author Kay Thompson mimicking her
character, Eloise
taking orders in the Oak Room
and Truman Capote. Images from a century at the Plaza: The author Kay Thompson
mimicking her character, Eloise
taking orders in the Oak Room
and Truman Capote. Isaac Tshuva, whose company owns the Plaza, with his wife,
Haya, left, and his daughters Orly Daniell and Gal Nauer. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY PAUL
HOSEFROS/THE NEW YORK TIMES
1966 UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL
1974 MUSEUM OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK
 1969 FRED R. CONRAD/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (pgs. C1 & C6)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              688 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 9, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Microsoft Still Patching Software Security Holes;
Company Releases 8 'Critical' Updates

BYLINE: Brian Krebs, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: Financial; E05

LENGTH: 574 words


Microsoft Corp. released a dozen software updates to fix 16 security flaws --
half of which it deemed "critical" -- in all versions of the Windows operating
system and in applications such as its Internet chat and media player products.

More than half the patches were intended to address security glitches found in
Service Pack 2, the massive software security upgrade Microsoft made available
to Windows XP users last August.

Security experts said one of the weaknesses in Windows disclosed yesterday could
be used to spread a computer virus. The flaw involves the "server message block"
service in every version of Windows that allows users to share files on a
network. Attackers could potentially exploit the weakness over the Internet if
computer users fail to turn on their computer's firewall. Hackers could also
exploit the flaw by tricking a user into clicking on a specially crafted Web
link in an e-mail.

"Out of all of the vulnerabilities, this one is the most likely to become the
next widespread Internet worm," said Oliver Friedrichs, senior director of
security response for Symantec Corp., a Cupertino, Calif.-based Internet
security company.

Microsoft also issued a bundle of six fixes for vulnerabilities in its widely
used Internet Explorer Web browser. One of the flaws was recently exploited by
"phishers," criminals who engage in identity theft by creating authentic-looking
e-mail messages and Web sites designed to lure people into disclosing personal
financial data. Two of the vulnerabilities were used recently by hackers to
sneak spyware onto users' computers.

Experts said the batch of patches shows that hackers are increasingly looking
for ways to bypass automatic computer network defenses erected by business and
home computer users. Half of the vulnerabilities require action by a user --
such as clicking a link in an e-mail or opening a document attachment -- before
attackers could gain control of a computer.

"We recommend in any situation where you receive a link or file from someone
that you use extreme caution," said Stephen Toulouse, Microsoft's security
program manager. He suggested that users check with the sender before opening a
link or file that appears suspicious.

Yesterday's release includes critical fixes for a number of Windows software
products, including the MSN Messenger Internet chat program, Windows Media
Player, and Microsoft Office, the suite of programs that includes Microsoft
Word, Excel and PowerPoint.

The security hole in Microsoft's chat software affects MSN Messenger versions
6.1 and 6.2. Users of those versions will be prompted when they open the program
to download and install a new version.

Users can download most of the patches at windowsupdate. microsoft.com.

Microsoft has repeatedly urged Windows XP users to turn on the operating
system's "automatic update" service, which can fetch and install patches from
Microsoft automatically as they are made available. But that service does not
retrieve patches for Microsoft Office, so users who have Office installed must
visit the Office Update Web site, office.microsoft.com, and then click on the
"check for updates" link in the upper right corner of the page.

This month's group of patches brings to 10 the total number of critical
vulnerabilities Microsoft has identified in 2005. Last year, Microsoft released
a total of 25 "critical" security fixes.

Krebs is a staff writer for washingtonpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              689 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            October 4, 2012 Thursday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

Gangs nabbed in Facebook stings

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 292  words


NEW YORK: Police investigating two gangs named the Very Cripsy Gangsters and the
Rockstarz didn't need to spend much time pounding the pavement for leads.
Instead, they fired up their computers and followed the trash talk on Facebook.

``Rockstarz up 3-0,'' one suspect boasted -- a reference to the body count from
a bloody turf war between the Brooklyn gangs that ultimately led to 49 arrests
last month.

Authorities say a new generation of gang member is increasingly using social
media to boast of exploits and issue taunts and challenges that result in
violence. Police and prosecutors have responded by closely monitoring Facebook
and other sites for leads and evidence.

Yesterday New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly announced plans to bolster
the NYPD's cyber crackdown by expanding the use of online investigative tactics
and doubling the size of the department's gang unit to 300.

The reinforcements will focus less on established gangs and more on loosely knit
groups of teenagers who stake out a certain block or housing project as their
turf and exact vengeance on those who trespass.

``By capitalising on the irresistible urge of these suspects to brag about their
murderous exploits on Facebook, detectives used social media to draw a virtual
map of their criminal activity over the last three years,'' Commissioner Kelly
said.

Examples of the public displays of digital bravado abound. In the Brooklyn case,
suspects sought to intimidate informants by posting court documents containing
their names. As part of the stepped-up efforts, police will refine and expand
use of a tactic instrumental in the three-year Brooklyn gang investigation --
having officers adopt internet aliases, create phony profiles and seek to
``friend'' suspects.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              May 6, 2008 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

DEMOCRATS SHOULD GET SERIOUS ABOUT U.S. HOUSE RACES IN WISCONSIN

BYLINE: John Nichols

SECTION: OPINION; JOHN NICHOLS; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 696 words


Wisconsin Democrats should take note of a pattern that is developing nationally.
Democrats are winning U.S. House seats that aren't supposed to be competitive -
seats like those held by Republican Congressmen Paul Ryan, Tom Petri and Jim
Sensenbrenner.

In March, Democrat Bill Foster won the historically Republican Illinois seat
that had been vacated by former House Speaker Dennis Hastert.

Then, on Saturday, Louisiana Democrat Don Cazayoux, a young moderate with state
legislative experience, snatched a seat that Republicans had held since the
1970s by a 49 percent to 46 percent margin over a well-funded campaign by
veteran Republican legislator Woody Jenkins.

The win extends the Democratic majority in the House to 235-198 and it continues
a pattern of special-election victories in districts that have traditionally
been thought of as Republican strongholds.

Republicans and their allied special-interest groups had sought to save the
Southern seat by "nationalizing" - or, to be more precise, racializing - the
contest with a campaign that tried to tie Cazayoux to Democratic presidential
front-runner Barack Obama. Hoping to capitalize on concerns about Obama's former
minister, the Rev. Jeremiah Wright, in order to exploit racial divisions in the
South and other regions, GOP operatives have developed advertising schemes that
feature images of Obama, Wright and local Democratic candidates.

The strategy was implemented in Louisiana and is also being used in an upcoming
Mississippi special election.

The Louisiana results had Maryland Congressman Chris Van Hollen, the able chair
of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, declaring, "Republicans were
reminded that 'all politics is local.' House Republicans tried to nationalize
this election, illegally coordinated with Freedom's Watch, used false and
deceptive special-interest smears, and funneled nearly a million dollars into a
district that Republicans held for more than three decades."

But don't expect the Republicans, who have struggled to divert voter attention
from economic and foreign policy concerns, to abandon plans to exploit racial
divisions in upcoming contests.

Cazayoux was an attractive candidate with deep Louisiana roots, while Jenkins
was a controversial figure even in Republican circles. And still the final
result was a close one.

That has encouraged the National Republican Congressional Committee, which
argued that the anti-Obama campaigning helped Jenkins make up "substantial
ground" in the closing days.

"This election speaks to the potential toxicity of an Obama candidacy and the
possible drag he could have down-ballot this fall," argued the NRCC team in a
memo that, despite its sore-loser tone, makes clear the intention of the
Republican Party to make the fall campaign one very long, and very ugly, "Willie
Horton" ad.

So why should Wisconsin Democrats be intrigued?

Because Obama is popular in Wisconsin. Despite the recent battering the Illinois
senator has taken in the media, and from rival Hillary Clinton, he continues to
lead Republican John McCain in polls that anticipate a November contest between
the two.

Additionally, the sort of knee-jerk racist campaign that the GOP anticipates has
failed to sway Wisconsinites in past presidential elections. Notably, while the
Willie Horton ads of 1988 swayed many states to Republican George H.W. Bush,
Wisconsin voted overwhelmingly for Democrat Mike Dukakis, elected a Democrat to
the U.S. Senate in a competitive contest, and gave Democrats control of the
House delegation.

As they prepare for this fall, Wisconsin Democrats would be wise to anticipate a
similar divide and expect that this could be precisely the right year to do the
recruitment and pull together the resources to mount serious challenges to Ryan,
Petri and Sensenbrenner.

There is a tendency to think that the 8th District race between Democratic
incumbent Steve Kagen and Republican John Gard will be the only House race that
matters this fall. But that's a shortsighted approach - especially in a volatile
year that could yield the party major gains in states such as Wisconsin.

John Nichols is associate editor of The Capital Times. jnichols@madison.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Variety

                                December 4, 2013

TV Review: 'Bonnie & Clyde';
Three-network simulcast should boost miniseries, which otherwise lacks firepower

BYLINE: Brian Lowry

SECTION: REVIEWS; TV

LENGTH: 558  words


Anybody who saw "Bonnie and Clyde" in a movie theater has a pretty good chance
of being a grandparent by now, so there's no quibble with remaking it for a next
(and next) generation. Yet even if this History-Lifetime-A&E synergistic
expansion - on three networks, over two nights - hews more closely to history,
its creative license still oozes into misguided touches, and the additional
length produces arid patches in getting to the inevitable blood-soaked end. That
said, the material - with its name recognition and Southern ties - should yield
a solid Nielsen haul, if likely not quite as ostentatiously as "Hatfields &
McCoys."

Beyond gaining an ampersand, the protagonists add significantly more backstory.
Clyde (Emile Hirsch) picks up an unnecessary voiceover narration that even
survives him in death, and his character also channels eerie flash-forward
visions of coming events, presumably to reassure the audience that something
dramatic is going to happen after the next commercial break.

Yet as directed by Bruce Beresford from a script by John Rice and Joe Batteer,
the project from producers Craig Zadan and Neil Meron - which meticulously
replicates its '30s era - squanders much of its extra time on a too-slow
build-up to Clyde's turn to a life of crime (including a few interludes in
jail).

He's egged on by Bonnie (Holliday Grainger of "The Borgias"), who he first
espies at her wedding to someone else, her beauty striking him like the
proverbial thunderbolt.

Bonnie is an aspiring starlet encouraged by her mother (a sparsely used Holly
Hunter), who finds notoriety as a criminal to be the next best thing to becoming
an actress (insert your own joke here) as she eagerly saves press clippings from
her exploits. Eventually, the collateral damage from their robbery spree - where
they first endeavor not to hurt anyone, but eventually wrack up a pretty serious
body count - prompts "the laws," as the folks colorfully put it, to take an
interest, enlisting retired Texas Ranger Frank Hamer (William Hurt) to pursue
them, along with another lawman (Austin Hebert) who knew, and had a crush on,
Bonnie.

Of course, pretty much everyone knows the hunt and near misses will eventually
end in a hail of gunfire (indeed, that's previewed near the outset), but as
constructed, the movie does only a half-hearted job of zeroing in on the
Depression-era roots of what made criminals so attractive, or how that might
resonate juxtaposed against today's tabloid and recessionary times. (A reporter,
played by Elizabeth Reaser, eagerly chronicles their exploits, but it's an
underdeveloped thread.)

Instead, the movie settles for a rather dutiful tick-tock of episodes and
shootouts, counting down toward the inevitable with plenty of on-air script
indicating the time and place before each event.

Its shortcomings notwithstanding, "Bonnie & Clyde" has a handsome period feel
and look, and as projects ranging from "The Bible" to "Hatfields" have
demonstrated, there's a clear appetite for historical material, longform
projects and (perhaps most significantly) programming that skews toward a rural
and Southern audience, which is where the duo's exploits largely unfolded.

In crass bottom-line terms, in other words, "Bonnie & Clyde" has one important
thing in common with its namesakes: You don't always have to be good to make out
like a bandit.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2014 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             March 2, 2012, Friday

FBI: Cyberattacks could shove aside terrorism as No. 1 threat to US;
Cybersecurity risks keep DOD, FBI chiefs awake at night

BYLINE: Michael Cooney

LENGTH: 655 words


The leaders of the Department of Defense and the Federal Bureau of Investigation
this week separately expressed concernover the increasing numbers of
cyberattacks, with FBI Director Robert Mueller (pictured, right) saying that
while terrorism remains the FBI's top priority, "in the not too distant future,
we anticipate that the cyberthreat will pose the No. 1 threat to our country."

Speaking at the RSA Conference, Mueller said state-sponsored hackers are patient
and calculating. They have the time, the money and the resources to burrow in,
and to wait. They may come and go, conducting reconnaissance and exfiltrating
bits of seemingly innocuous information -- information that in the aggregate may
be of high value. "You may discover one breach, only to find that the real
damage has been done at a much higher level," he said.

MORE: Rapidly evolving low-cost mobile technology worries military "Unlike
state-sponsored intruders, hackers for profit do not seek information for
political power -- they seek information for sale to the highest bidder. These
once-isolated hackers have joined forces to create criminal syndicates.
Organized crime in cyberspace offers a higher profit with a lower probability of
being identified and prosecuted.

"Unlike traditional crime families, these hackers may never meet, but they
possess specialized skills in high demand. They exploit routine vulnerabilities.
They move in quickly, make their money, and disappear. No company is immune,
from the Fortune 500 corporation to the neighborhood 'mom and pop' business," he
said.

Meanwhile, Defense Secretary Leon Panetta (pictured, left) told an audience at a
conference at the University of Louisville: "We are literally getting hundreds
or thousands of attacks every day that try to exploit information in various
[U.S.] agencies or departments. There are, obviously, growing technology and
growing expertise in the use of cyberwarfare. The danger is, I think, [that] the
capabilities are available in cyber to virtually cripple this nation: to bring
down the power grid, to impact on our governmental systems, to impact on Wall
Street and our financial system and to literally paralyze this country," Panetta
said.

The country needs to defend against that kind of attack, but also develop the
intelligence resources to understand when those possible attacks are coming, the
secretary said.

"So the one thing I worry about is in knowing these things are possible and
feeling that we haven't taken all the necessary steps we need to protect this
country," he said.

BACKGROUND: From Anonymous to Hackerazzi: The year in security mischief-making
Mueller said the FBI needs to take lessons learned from fighting terrorism and
apply them to cybercrime. "We are creating a structure whereby a cyber-agent in
San Francisco can work in a virtual environment with an agent in Texas, an
analyst in Virginia, and a forensic specialist in New York to solve a computer
intrusion that emanated from Eastern Europe."

"We must cultivate the sources necessary to infiltrate criminal online networks,
to collect the intelligence to prevent the next attack, and to topple the
network from the inside. We must ensure that our ability to intercept
communications -- pursuant to court order -- is not eroded by advances in
technology. These include wireless technology and peer-to-peer networks, as well
as social media," he said.

"I am convinced that there are only two types of companies: those that have been
hacked and those that will be. And even they are converging into one category:
companies that have been hacked and will be hacked again," Mueller said.

"Given that scenario, we must limit the data that can be gleaned from any
compromise. We must segregate mission-centric data from routine information. And
we must incorporate layers of protection and layers of access to critical
information," he said.

Follow Michael Cooney on Twitter: nwwlayer8 and on Facebook.




LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2012 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            January 13, 2017 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Anti-human trafficking laws sought

BYLINE: By, John C. Moritz

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 525 words


AUSTIN - Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton  called human trafficking "a form of
modern-day slavery" as he joined lawmakers from both parties to push for
stronger measures to prevent it and bring to justice anyone who exploits and
controls another person.

"Texas, unfortunately, is one of the top destination points for victims and
traffickers in the nation," said Paxton, a first-term Republican who appeared at
a news conference in Austin with state Sen. Joan Huffman, R-Houston, and
Democratic state Rep. Senfronia Thompson, also of Houston.

Paxton showed a clip from a video he said will soon be part of a
public-information campaign to raise awareness about the issue and to dispel
notions that trafficking is largely limited to smuggling immigrants across the
Rio Grande.

"Trafficking is a crime separate and distinct from smuggling," according to a
special human-trafficking page on the attorney general's website. "You can be an
American citizen trafficked by another American citizen inside the territorial
borders of the United States. Smuggling, on the other hand, requires the illegal
crossing of an international border. In the crime of smuggling, one person pays
another to bring them across an international border illegally."

The web page describes traffickers as "people who are willing to treat other
people like objects or commodities that they can buy, sell or exploit for their
own benefit."

Thompson has filed House Bill 272, which would require applicants for Texas
commercial drivers' licenses to complete a course approved by the Department of
Public Safety on how to recognize and report possible cases of human
trafficking.

She and Huffman said they are working on more sweeping legislation aimed at
boosting criminal penalties for compelling prostitution, which they said is a
common form of human trafficking.

The measure, still in the drafting stages during the opening week of the 2017
legislative session, will also seek to expedite trafficking cases through the
court system.

"We're focusing on the pimps,"  Huffman said.

Paxton touted the success of an anti-trafficking initiative his office launched
a year ago that so far has launched 15 investigation and has obtained three
indictments and one conviction.

In addition, he said his office has trained some 7,900 people - from ordinary
citizens to police officers and probation officials - to observe and report
instances of trafficking.

Krista Melton, who heads the anti-trafficking effort for the agency, said
there's no current data available on how many trafficking victims there are in
Texas.

But she said a the Texas Slavery Mapping Project, a two-year initiative at the
University of Texas at Austin that was funded by a $500,000 grant from the
governor's office, is wrapping up work on a report likely to have reliable
figures.

Representatives from the project were not available Thursday afternoon.

Thompson said that although her already-filed legislation would require more
training for commercial truck drivers, she said the industry has already alert
to human trafficking and prevention.

"I want to take my hat off to the truckers who came forth voluntarily," she
said.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: elp


                          Copyright 2017 El Paso Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           November 14, 1994, Monday

UPS, FEDERAL EXPRESS SIGN UP NEW PARTNERS

BYLINE: WILLIAM ARMBRUSTER; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: SPECIALS, Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 618 words


United Parcel Service and Federal Express Corp., seeking to carve out new market
niches that can exploit their vast U.S. delivery networks, entered into new
alliances last month.

UPS Worldwide Logistics announced that it's teaming up with Liberty National
Bank and Trust Co. of Louisville, Ky., to offer an expedited check- processing
ervice for banks around the country.

The new venture, scheduled to begin operating in January, will compete with a
similar service that First Tennessee Bank of Memphis has been offering in
conjunction with Federal Express since 1982.

Meanwhile, Federal Express announced that Sam's Club, the wholesale warehouse
unit of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., has agreed to place the express company's
self-service packaging and drop-off stations at its 438 locations in the United
States.

"We know our customers have limited time and tight deadlines. Now they only have
to make one stop if they have supplies to pick up and items to ship," said Glenn
D. Sessoms, vice president of retail marketing and operations for Federal
Express.

The new Liberty check-processing center will be located next to UPS' nationwide
air hub in Louisville, much as First Tennessee's is close to Federal Express'
main hub in Memphis.

David Work, senior vice president of First Tennessee, said its service, called
First Express, ranks fifth in the nation in processing checks. The Federal
Reserve is the dominant player, but other big check-processors include
Corestates Bank in Philadelphia, Continental Bank in Chicago, Nationsbank in
Charlotte, N.C., and Bank of America in San Francisco, Mr. Work said.

Liberty Payment Services Inc., Liberty National's new unit, hopes to join that
elite crew within a few years, said its president, LeGrande Rives.

"We expect to be clearing 2.5 million items a night by the end of our second
year and 3.5 million by the end of our fifth year," he said.

"We can commingle all the checks that are drawn on banks from around the country
and ship them in one package to our facility. We will sort them and dispatch
them and present them to the paying bank," Mr. Rives said.

Liberty, which will be making a $ 10 million capital investment in the new
facility over the next five years, says its customers will realize significant
savings in check-clearing fees as well as reduced expenses for transportation,
in-house handling and "float" - delays in the clearing of checks.

UPS will pick up the checks from banks around the country as late as 10 p.m. and
put them on planes heading to Louisville, where they will be sorted and
processed by Liberty employees, and then put them on planes going to cities
where the payor banks are located.

"Our charge is to combine special handling, transportation services, tracking
and UPS air express service to create an express check-clearance network," said
Bob Alcorn, vice president of UPS Worldwide Logistics.

Liberty initially will employ 40 people at the check-processing center, but Mr.
Rives expects employment there to reach 120 by the end of its second year.

Liberty is a unit of Banc One Corp. of Columbus, Ohio, which operates 75 banks
with 1,425 offices in 13 states, including California, Texas, Illinois and
Michigan.

The relationship between Federal Express and Sam's will give the warehouse
operator's member customers the convenience of express shipping at a discounted
price. Businesses are the core market for Sam's, representing 70 percent of its
total sales, which amount to $ 12 billion annually.

Everything required to ship a Federal Express package will be available at the
Federal Express stations inside the warehouses, including packaging, air bills
and instructions.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Journal of Commerce Special Report: LOOKING AHEAD - SHIPPERS 1994,
pp.

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: PHOTO;;

 Federal Express and UPS have found new ways to exploit their vast delivery
networks. FedEx has agreed to place self-service packaging and drop-off stations
at Sam's Club warehouse stores, while UPS joined with Liberty National Bank and
Trust Co. to offer an expedited check rocessing service. (Journal of Commerce
File Photo)

                  Copyright 1994 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              695 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              July 17, 2006 Monday

Newsmakers | More box-office booty for 'Pirates'

BYLINE: Compiled By The Inquirer Staff

SECTION: FEATURES MAGAZINE; Pg. F05

LENGTH: 559 words


Blackbeard and Captain Kidd never saw plunder like this.

In its second weekend, Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest
earned an additional $62.2 million for the Mouse Kingdom. That follows an
opening weekend when Pirates relieved moviegoers of more than $135.6 million - a
Hollywood record for an opening weekend.

Disney estimated the film's 10-day total at $258.2 million yesterday.

The film, starring Johnny Depp, Keira Knightley and Orlando Bloom, is the second
based on Disney's popular theme-park ride. A third is due out next May, holding
the promise of more doubloons for Disney.

The latest Wayans family project, Little Man, from Sony, starring Shawn and
Marlon Wayans and directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans, took second place at the box
office with $21.7 million.

Universal's comedy You, Me and Dupree, with Owen Wilsonas the houseguest who
begins to smell long before three days, debuted at No. 3 with $21.3 million.

Impossible? Get lost.

Is there enough J.J. Abrams to go around?

A better question might be whether there's enough money in Hollywood to go
around for Abrams' services.

The cocreator of Lost and director of Mission: Impossible 3 has signed deals
with Paramount Pictures and Warner Bros., officials said Saturday.

While the principals weren't talking about terms, the L.A. Times reports that
the two deals are worth a total of at least $55 million.

That would give Abrams, at 40, one of Tinsel Town's gaudiest salaries.

"I can't wait to get to work," Abrams said in a release.

His deal with Paramount calls on him to revive the Star Trek series and make
movies budgeted under $25 million. You don't have to spend a couple of hundred
mil to tell a good story, Abrams insists.

Abrams will make TV shows for Warner Bros.

Soaring

Oscar- and Emmy-winning actor Cliff Robertson, who was personally selected by
President John F. Kennedyto portray him in the film PT 109 about Kennedy's WWII
exploits as a torpedo boat skipper, was honored Saturday for exploits not on
water but in the air.

Robertson, 80, an avid glider pilot, was enshrined in the National Aviation Hall
of Fame in Dayton, Ohio.

The actor, who won an Oscar for the 1968 film Charly, cleaned aircraft and
engine parts at a small airport in California when he was a teenager in return
for plane rides and even a chance to take the controls.

He organized relief airlifts for Biafra in 1969 and Ethiopia in 1978.

Others enshrined on Saturday included Bessie Coleman, the first African American
to earn a pilot's license, and Robert White, the first person to fly six times
the speed of sound.

The aviation hall was founded in 1962 in Dayton, the hometown of the Wright
brothers. Wilbur and Orville Wright were the first of 186 members of the hall.

Hitched

Punk princess Avril Lavigne abandoned her shabby chic on Saturday for a Vera
Wang wedding dress. Lavigne married fellow Canadian singer-songwriter Deryck
Whibley, guitarist and front man for the band Sum 41, according to People
magazine's Web site.

The ceremony took place at a private estate near Santa Barbara, Calif., People
reports.

Lavigne, 21, and Whibley, 26, who had been dating since early 2004, said their
vows beneath an awning covered in white flowers after Dad walked daughter down
the aisle.

Contact "Newsmakers" at 215-854-5797 or newsmakers@phillynews.com. This column
contains information from Inquirer wire services.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           October 28, 2010 Thursday

Dad and son ran family prostitution business' ; Bungling robbers crash getaway
car at cemetery

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 578 words


A FATHER and son have gone on trial accused of trafficking five women into
Britain to work as prostitutes.

The prosecution in a Manchester Crown Court case allege that Bogdan Nejloveanu,
51, and his 23-year-old son, Marius Nejloveanu, both of no fixed address,
considered contolling prostitutes a family business'.

They are accused of tricking vulnerable Romanian women into coming to Britain
before Marius subjected them to sexual humiliation and forced them to work in
brothels, turning to his father for practical help and advice' on the trade.

The women are said to have been wholly under control' of the Nejloveanus, also
originally from Romania. Three of the women are said to have helped the alleged
traffickers exploit the other two in a desperate bid for survival, the jury was
told.

The men deny a total of 33 charges, including trafficking and rape, stretching
from 2006 to this year.

Opening the case for the prosecution, Rachel Smith told the jury: Having heard
the evidence you may conclude that the son, Marius, learnt this trade from his
father and that this was a family business. She added: Bogdan helped his son
start up his prostitution business. The sole purpose of the business was to
provide Marius and the wider Nejloveanu family with a sufficient income stream
far in excess of that which they could have earned by going out to work
themselves, far in excess of that which they could have earned legitimately in
Romania or here in the UK.

Miss Smith claimed the men specifically

targeted women the youngest of whom was 17 who would be easy to exploit.

She said: The prosecution case is that each of them was identified as a
potential victim either because they were young, could be isolated from their
family, were low in intelligence or for some reason easily persuaded to come to
the UK. All the women were promised they would be helped to find work in the UK.
All arrived in the belief they would be offered a home, support and the chance
of lawful employment when they arrived.

The jury, who were warned by Judge Robert Atherton to put their emotions to one
side during the case, were told by Miss Smith that the women would describe
being forced into a life which is likely to be a world away' from their own.

Marius Nejloveanu denies counts of trafficking females into, within and out of
the UK for sexual exploitation, controlling prostitution for gain, rape,
conspiracy to traffic a female into the UK for sexual exploitation, conspiracy
to pervert the course of justice, witness intimidation, assault, and causing a
female to engage in sexual activity without consent.

Bogdan Nejloveanu denies trafficking women into and out of the UK, controlling
prostitution for gain, assault and conspiracy to pervert the course of justice.

Â» Proceeding   DAVYHULME Robbers held up a store at gunpoint then crashed the
getaway car at a cemetery. Two masked men threatened staff at Pricecutter, on
Canterbury Road, Davyhulme, on Sunday evening. After they had forced a shop
assistant to hand over cash the men jumped into a silver BMW M5 and sped off. It
is believed the car had been stolen from Turnmoss Road, Stretford, 30 minutes
earlier. Thieves had thrown a plant pot through the patio windows before helping
themselves to keys. But the BMW was crashed near Southern Cemetery, Chorlton, a
short time after the robbery. Two men were seen fleeing from the car. Police
later arrested a man on suspicion of robbery and bailed him pending further
enquiries.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

Washington: Service Academy CyberStakes Live: A Crucible of Competition for
Future Cyber Leaders

LENGTH: 882  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, The Government of USA has issued
the following news release:

Pittsburgh this weekend offered a look into the future of cybersecurity, with
students from each of the nation's Service academies scrambling to protect their
computer systems, find adversaries' vulnerabilities and exploit them in the
second annual CyberStakes Live competition, sponsored by DARPA. More than 40
students participated in this year's event, which tested teams' and individuals'
abilities in numerous core cybersecurity skills and culminated in two exciting
Capture the Flag (CTF) contests modeled after the global tournaments that
attract many of the world's top cybersecurity experts.

With cybersecurity an increasing priority, the Defense Department is working to
achieve its goal of integrating 6,000 cybersecurity experts into combat commands
by 2016. Meeting that goal requires building a pipeline for training and
education, particularly for the future officers who will be responsible for
overseeing protection of the cyber domain. To help overcome these challenges,
DARPA last year launched its Service Academy CyberStakes effort, which this year
held its CyberStakes Live final event at the Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall
& Museum in Pittsburgh.

To prepare for the competition, more than 70 Cadets, Midshipmen and faculty from
the U.S. Air Force Academy, U.S. Military Academy, U.S. Naval Academy and the
U.S. Coast Guard Academy have honed their cybersecurity skills for the past five
months under the tutelage of world-class experts. The students got to show what
they'd learned in the CyberStakes' two distinct events. The first, CyberStakes
Online, took place last October and had participants solve remote, game-style
challenges that addressed essential cybersecurity topics, including forensics,
cryptography and reverse engineering.

CyberStakes Online helped prepare the students for CyberStakes Live, a
decathlon-style computer security competition that pitted the 10 best
teams--three from each Service Academy and one from the Coast Guard
Academy--head to head over three days. A full list of events and results is
available at http://go.usa.gov/h5pR.

"It's crucially important that our military leaders have deep technical skills
and understand how adversaries could exploit cyber vulnerabilities to subvert
the security of our systems," said Daniel Ragsdale, DARPA program manager. "To
that end, the Service Academy CyberStakes seeks to teach future officers how to
rapidly acquire and apply the evolving knowledge and skills they need to defend
our increasingly complex and interconnected information and communication
infrastructures."

Based on the success of last year's CyberStakes, the Coast Guard decided to
participate for the first time this year and DARPA added two new areas of
competition: one testing skills in data forensics and the other--at the strong
request of last year's players--a Joint Team CTF competition with new teams
incorporating students from multiple academies.

All the academies exceeded expectations overall and especially in the two CTFs,
Ragsdale said, and performance was particularly impressive in the CyberStakes
Live's big finale: the mixed-academy Joint Team CTF. The CTFs are the most
difficult events because they require students to apply all their skills in real
time in response to human adversaries, not static code. But the Joint Team CTF
added an extra challenge by dividing established teams, which required the new
teams to figure out on the fly each member's strengths and responsibilities
while accomplishing their mission--skills essential to real-world joint
operations.

"In the crucible of competition, the students got the chance to demonstrate the
full spectrum of offense- and defense-related capabilities, as well as
adaptability and agility in solving problems under stress," Ragsdale said. "The
students had tremendous fun and put in hundreds of hours of work for no academic
credit--just the chance to compete and learn extraordinary things that they may
not have been exposed to in a traditional undergraduate computer science
curriculum. I could not have been more impressed."

The CyberStakes is half of DARPA's two-pronged Service Academy Competition Pilot
effort, which aims to better cultivate the great potential of young
officers-to-be and encourage their career-long collaboration with DARPA. It
complements the DARPA Service Academy Innovation Challenge, a competition to
encourage U.S. military academy students to develop practical, potentially
transformative technologies that could address challenges facing the U.S.
military. Nine teams--three from each Service Academy--are scheduled to square
off in the second annual competition on April 28, 2015, at DARPA's offices in
Arlington, Va.

This is the last year DARPA is sponsoring the Competition Pilot effort, so the
agency is actively seeking transition partners within the Defense Department,
Ragsdale said. The goal is to continue both competitions and potentially expand
them, both within the Service academies and to include students in Reserve
Officer Training Corp (ROTC) programs at other colleges and universities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 12, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Candidates Focus on the U.S. Role in World Economy;
Bush Says Rival Wants To Exploit U.S. Fears

BYLINE: By GERALD M. BOYD, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 24, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 652 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE, Oct. 11


Vice President Bush offered a stinging rebuke to Gov. Michael S. Dukakis's
warnings about foreign investment today, calling his language ''protectionist
demagoguery'' designed to exploit a fear of foreigners and frighten the American
public.

Mr. Bush made the charge on a day in which he also added a new course to his
anti-crime menu, calling for tougher Federal penalities for white collar crimes
such as insider trading in stocks.

The comments on foreign investment previewed an issue that could loom large in
the final debate Thursday between the two candidates, and one the Dukakis
campaign believes has support among voters.

Speaking at the Seattle University Business School, Mr. Bush said, ''Frankly,
I've been suprised at my opponent's recent turn.'' He added, ''I don't think he
really believes it - he ran against this so-called 'economic nationalism' in the
primaries.''

Says Rival Is 'Stoking Fears'

''But now, 30 days before the election, the last couple of days ago, for
political reasons, he see advantage in stoking fears about foreign influence,''
he said.

Continuing, Mr. Bush said: ''Never mind that we have an increasingly
interdependent economy in this world. Never mind record American investment
abroad. Never mind that foreign investment in the United States -whether it's in
Wellston, Missouri, or Marysville, Ohio, or right here in Seattle - helps to
create jobs, and never mind that booming American exports are fueling our
continued growth and cutting the trade deficit.

''My opponent desperately needs an issue, and he's willing to scare people to
find it.''

Mr. Bush accused Mr. Dukakis of using ''fear of foreigners'' like the Know
Nothing Party a century ago.

Quayle-Bentsen Debate Recalled

''Or maybe, with this latest flip-flop, he's become a believe-nothing
candidate.''he said.

The foreign investment issue had surfaced during last week's Vice-Presidential
debate between Senators Dan Quayle and Lloyd Bentsen. Mr. Quayle, Mr. Bush's
running mate, had argued that such investments were good for the American
economy because they have resulted in jobs.

After the debate, Mr. Dukakis had attacked foreign investments in a visit to an
automotive parts plant in Wellston, Mo. Embarrassed aides later learned that the
plant was owned by Italian interests.

Mr. Bush also accused Mr. Dukakis of using ''scare tactics'' in suggesting that
the Republican nominee would raid the Social Security fund to finance his
spending proposals.

White Collar Crime

''I am committed to keeping the Social Security trust fund sound, and I will not
let the liberal Democrats raid that trust fund, as Governor Dukakis has raided
the pension funds in the State of Massachusetts,'' he said.

The sharp attack took some focus off Mr. Bush's other message of the day, that
his Administration would be tough on white collar crime. That issue has been
particularly sensitive for Mr. Bush because several key Reagan Administration
officials have been investigated, and some have been indicted and convicted.

Mr. Bush's remarks were directed at insider trading abuses, which he said cannot
go unchecked or unpunished.

''I'm telling you that we will throw the book at insider traders and other white
collar criminals,'' he said. ''They may not carry guns, and they may wear fancy
suits, but they are a real danger to society, and they should be hit with the
maximum penalities of the law.''

Focus on Government Ethics

Mr. Bush said that he favored increasing the penalities and sentences for
offenders and penalizing firms who fail to maintain systems to prevent insider
trading. He offered no details on how severe the penalities should be.

Democrats had been expected to make the issue of ethical lapses by public
officials a major focus in the campaign. But Mr. Bush presented a detailed
ethics program for a Bush administration that deflected some criticism.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              699 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                             June 3, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Comets streak into Calder Cup final; AHL pla yoffs: Canucks prospect Markstrom
blanks Grand Rapids in Game 6 to stage series vs. Manchester

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. A53

LENGTH: 265 words


The Utica Comets have ridden the goaltending exploits of Jacob Markstrom all
season long and into the playoffs. Why should Game 6 of their American Hockey
League Western Conference final series versus the Grand Rapids Griffins be any
different?

The Vancouver Canucks' goaltending prospect made 21 saves in a 2-0 win Tuesday
over the Detroit Red Wings' farm club, putting his team into the AHL's Calder
Cup final, which begins Saturday in Manchester, N.H., against the Monarchs.

Cory Conacher scored the game's first goal 3:16 into the second period. The 1-0
lead held until the game's final two minutes, when Alex Grenier flipped in an
empty-netter from centre ice at 18:46. Cal O'Reilly set up Conacher's goal,
getting his 15th assist of the playoffs.

Grenier's goal came moments after the Comets piled heavy pressure on the empty
Grand Rapids net for a good thirty seconds, but the six Griffins skaters somehow
kept the five Comets at bay.

"That's probably the best shot I've ever seen live," Utica's Mike Zalewski told
Comets broadcaster Brendan Burke of Conacher's lighting-fast wrist shot that
beat Grand Rapid goalie Tom McCollum. It was Conacher's third goal in his last
four games and his fourth of the playoffs.

The Comets' defence was a case of all hands on deck, as Grand Rapids struggled
to get pucks to the net. It was also the first game of the series where the
Griffins didn't score a power-play goal.

Grand Rapids had the man advantage four times, Utica three.

Shots in the game were 29-21 for the Comets on the night. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015
Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lindsay A. Mogle, Utica Comets; Vancouver Canucks prospect Jake
Virtanen, right, of the American Hockey League's Utica Comets battles in front
of the Grand Rapids net Tuesday in Utica, N.Y. The Comets won 2-0 to take the
Western Conference final series 4-2.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Province
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Carrey vows to fight suit over ex's death

SECTION: ARTS; Arts In Brief; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 208 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Jim Carrey says a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the estranged husband of his
exgirlfriend is a heartless attempt to exploit him and vowed to fight the case.

Mark Burton of Portland sued Carrey in Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday,
accusing the actor of providing the prescription drugs his wife Cathriona White
used to overdose in September 2015. The wrongful death lawsuit contends Carrey
improperly obtained prescriptions for Ambien and oxycodone under the alias
Arthur King.

The suit accuses Carrey of giving White the medications days before she was
found dead in one of Carrey's homes. White and Carrey dated in 2012 and were
photographed together in May 2015.

"What a terrible shame," Carrey wrote in a statement. "It would be easy for me
to get in a back room with this man's lawyer and make this go away, but there
are some moments in life when you have to stand up and defend your honour
against the evil in this world.

"I will not tolerate this heartless attempt to exploit me or the woman I loved,"
Carrey wrote.

"I really hope that some day soon people will stop trying to profit from this
and let her rest in peace." Carrey is known for such movies as Eternal Sunshine
of the Spotless Mind, The Truman Show, and Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 23, 2012 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Walton Goggins: A Tarantino kind of guy

BYLINE: John DeFore

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. T01

LENGTH: 1130 words


Like any young actor starting his career in the early '90s, Walton Goggins would
have cut off somebody's ear to get cast in a Quentin Tarantino film. It took him
two decades to make it happen and land a role in the new "Django Unchained,"
which opens Christmas Day - years during which he found success playing
charismatic bad guys in FX dramas "The Shield" and "Justified" - but it almost
happened much earlier.

Having worked almost exclusively in TV since moving to Los Angeles from Lithia
Springs, Ga., at 19, Goggins got a break when he was cast in actor/director
Robert Duvall's 1997 film, "The Apostle." Before that film's release, the
tango-obsessed Duvall hosted an intimate dance party in Venice and invited
Goggins.

"There were only about nine people there," Goggins recalls, "and in walked
Quentin Tarantino. The man is tall, and he's such a force when he comes into a
room. I'd seen 'Reservoir Dogs'; a goal of my life was to get to work with this
man. He was standing right next to me - for four hours! - and the only thing I
could say to him was, 'Hey, that's a really nice suit.' "

Goggins may have been too starstruck to seize that opportunity, but he took
matters into his own hands years later. By the time he found and fell in love
with the "Django" script ("Oh my, God, this is going to start a revolution," he
recalls thinking.), Goggins had started acting in films in between his TV gigs
and had even produced some. (A short he produced, "The Accountant," won an
Oscar; the feature-length Hal Holbrook vehicle "That Evening Sun" was a hit at
festivals.) More important, he'd met longtime Tarantino pal Robert Rodriguez
while working on the reboot of the "Predator" series.

Sensing an opportunity he couldn't let pass, he decided to exploit the
friendship. Having discovered the "Django" script shortly after working with
Tarantino's longtime friend Robert Rodriguez on the Rodriguez-produced reboot of
the "Predator" series, Goggins decided he had to exploit the friendship.

"I texted him and said: 'Robert, this is not my thing, I don't do this, but I'm
asking: Please text QT! Please! Just send him one line. Just two words: Walton
Goggins.' He said, 'Okay, I'll do it,' and maybe an hour later, or the next day,
he forwarded me Quentin's response. It said, 'Walton Goggins has been on my
radar for a very long time.' "

The 41-year-old actor gasps at the memory. "In some ways, that was enough!" he
says, only half joking.

Actually getting hired would be better, of course. A mutual friend held a small
barbecue to introduce the two men, and Tarantino invited Goggins to audition.
The actor learned nearly 40 pages of script, performing bits of many roles; he
says he even read the part  of the head house slave, destined for Samuel L.
Jackson. His feeling was: "I am going to take this opportunity to say as many of
your words as I possibly can before you kick me out. These words, they're so
delicious you just want to say them in front of the man who wrote 'em."

Tarantino cast him as Billy Crash, a plantation worker who trains slaves to
fight each other for the amusement of sadistic owners. As with "Justified,"
where his character was supposed to die in the first episode but was made an
ongoing co-star after viewers embraced him (that series begins its fourth season
Jan. 8), Goggins's role grew during production. Kevin Costner had originally
been cast as slave trainer Ace Woody; when he left the film due to scheduling
conflicts (and replacement Kurt Russell fell through as well), the Ace and Billy
roles were combined into one.

In terms of screen time, Goggins's role is still small compared to those of
stars Jamie Foxx, Leonardo DiCaprio and the compulsive scene-stealer Christoph
Waltz. But Billy Crash is the most hands-on perpetrator of the movie's central,
horrific crime (exploited in the lurid 1975 film "Mandingo"): the use of slaves
for a blood sport resembling present-day dog- or cockfighting.

As Crash, Goggins not only had to commit revolting acts of brutality, he was
required (as was practically every other actor in the film) to make liberal use
of the racist epithet he refused to utter while playing a white supremacist in
"Justified."

" 'Justified' is not a story about slavery," says Goggins, who notes that while
using "the N-word, as it were, is the least offensive thing that happens in this
movie" (compared with whippings, rape and the like), it's still something he
would say only for a director such as Quentin Tarantino or Spike Lee, whose
films he believes make important statements about race. (Goggins played a racist
officer in Lee's              "Miracle at St. Anna.") "As Sam [Jackson] said
about the character he played, you can't show the oppressed without showing the
oppressor."

Plenty of viewers will feel "Django Unchained" is less high-minded than all that
- that slavery is just an excuse for Tarantino, a lover of all flavors of
exploitation cinema, to transport the cartoonishly violent revenge fantasies of
"Kill Bill" and "Inglourious Basterds" to the Old West. But Goggins felt deadly
serious about the role and says other cast members did, too. "It was my
'Apocalypse Now.' Really, it was not easy," he says. At the end of every
shooting day, he apologized to his black co-stars for the vile things he said
and did on camera. (Lest Goggins feel too guilty, his other big-screen gig this
year -  Steven Spielberg's "Lincoln" - allowed him to participate in the
abolition of slavery.)

This being a Quentin Tarantino film, it will hardly ruin any surprise to reveal
that Billy Crash eventually suffers a grisly punishment - the specifics of which
are appropriate for someone who previously threatened Django with castration. In
that payback scene, Goggins lets out a wail so otherworldly it's hard not to
wonder how he created it.

Goggins enthusiastically admits that the cry surprised even him. As the moment
of the stunt approached, he recalls, "I was so scared that my voice just went
up." Its pitch kept rising as crew members responded during subsequent takes:
"It's like my little boy. When he makes a joke at the table and you snicker at
it, he's just going to keep going - take it to the next level and the next
level."

"By the end of the day," he laughs, "Quentin said: 'You know, you gotta bring
that down a little bit. We can go high, but we can't go that high.' "

Getting a role in a Quentin Tarantino film is a rare enough honor. But taking a
moment of Grand-Guignol suffering so far that it freaks out even the
bloodthirsty Tarantino? Now that's a real achievement.

style@washpost.com

Django Unchained

165 minutes, opening at area theaters Dec. 25, is rated R for strong graphic
violence throughout, a vicious fight, language and some nudity.

Justified

The fourth season returns to FX  at 10 p.m. Jan. 8.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                January 7, 2002

AIM Vulnerability Highlights Risk of Rushing Features;
Flaw fixed but hasmajor implications

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: NEWS - HIGH; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 298 words

The buffer overflow vulnerability discovered last week in the latest version of
America Online Inc.'s popular AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) chat software shows
how the rush to add new functionality to products continues to compromise
security, analysts said.

Dulles, Va. -based AOL scrambled to fix a flaw in its AIM software that could
let malicious attackers take remote control of a victim's system.  Late last
week, the company developed a patch that addressed the problem.

The vulnerability involved a feature of AIM Version 4.7 that lets users invite
other AOL members to play online games with them, said Matt Conover, a founding
member of w00w00 Security Development, the online security research group that
discovered the flaw.

The vulnerability was the result of an overflow in the code that handles a game
request, according to Conover. An attacker could exploit the weakness to take
control of a victim's system and then download and execute a malicious file from
the Internet.

Conover described the vulnerability as "fairly difficult to exploit." But its
implications are huge "and leave the door wide open for a worm not unlike those
that Microsoft Outlook, IIS, et al. have all had,"w00w00 cautioned.

Conover said that all Windows AIM users were vulnerable. Since the flaw wasn't
related to the chat features, no prior conversation or authorization was
required to exploit it,he noted.

The incident points to the problems that can arise when companies rush to add
new functionality without fully testing it, said John Pescatore, an analyst at
Stamford, Conn.-based Gartner Inc.

Within the past few months, almost every major vendor has had to acknowledge
buffer overflow problems, which are often the result of basic programming
errors, according to Pescatore.


LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 Computerworld, Inc.


                              703 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           December 2, 2015 Wednesday

Argentina stands out in global hacking market

BYLINE: NICOLE PERLROTH

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1252 words

DATELINE: BUENOS AIRES

ABSTRACT

Corporate executives and government officials flocked to the EkoParty conference
in Buenos Aires in search of the world's most creative hackers.

FULL TEXT

Want to learn how to break into the computerized heart of a medical device or an
electronic voting machine? Maybe a smartphone or even a car? Thanks to the
legacy of military rule and a culture of breaking rules of all sorts, Argentina
has become one of the best places on earth to find people who could show you
how.

As Silicon Valley's talent war has gone global, particularly for those skilled
at breaking into things, this Latin American nation has become a rich recruiting
ground for corporations and foreign governments. Companies need hackers to help
defend against online criminals and state-sponsored spies. And as the world's
critical infrastructure moves online and the threat of war moves into
cyberspace, governments are desperate to acquire hackers' tools.

''Cheating the system is part of the Argentine mentality,'' said Cesar Cerrudo,
an Argentine security researcher who taught himself to hack as a young teenager
living in Paraná, a small town in the northeastern part of the country. Mr.
Cerrudo recently gained attention for successfully hacking into traffic light
systems in cities across the United States.

''Unless you are rich, you grow up without a computer or reading books. To
access new software, you have to hack it, and you have to teach yourself
everything from the ground up,'' he said.

Within Latin America, Brazil has become known in recent years as the world
leader in Internet banking fraud. But Argentina's hackers have a reputation for
creativity. In particular, they are known for their ability to find so-called
zero-day flaws, which are unpatched holes in widely used technology that can be
used to spy on or even destroy adversaries' computer networks.

Technology companies like Apple, Facebook and Google have encrypted their
products and services so that in many cases the only way to monitor a target's
communications is to hack directly into its device. As a result, there is a new
urgency among governments in acquiring zero-day exploits.

A mix of executives from around the world, government officials, contractors and
- or so it was rumored - spies gathered here in October in an industrial
building converted into a cultural center to watch hacking done the Argentine
way at the 11th annual EkoParty, the largest hacking conference in Latin
America.

It is impossible to say how many hackers live in Argentina, since breaking into
computers is not generally a skill that Argentines like to advertise. But
EkoParty, which drew 1,600 people this year, is widely known as the best place
to find them.

''Argentina put itself on the map as the country to produce the best hackers,''
said Sinan Eren, an executive at Avast Software, a security company based in
Prague, who has been attending the conference for years.

Long before foreign companies came calling, hacking things was a life skill in
Argentina, a way to get by through decades of repressive military rule and a
volatile economy.

Argentines have a saying, ''atado con alambre,'' which translates roughly as
''held together with wire,'' to describe the inventive nature of so many here
who learned to do much with little.

''Those of us who came of age under a military junta - who were told which books
to read, which movies to watch, which God to worship - had to learn to move
around the laws,'' Norma Morandini, a senator from Córdoba Province, told a
crowd at the conference. ''For us, hacking became a way of life.''

The country still has one foot in the tech industry's past because of stringent
import rules. Amazon will not ship to your door here. BlackBerry has more market
share here than Apple. A new iPhone costs $2,000 or more on MercadoLibre, an
online auction site, but many iPhone owners said they had been able to persuade
a friend traveling from abroad to sneak one through customs.

To get their hands on the latest, greatest devices, Argentines often have to
think like a hacker - or become one.

''You make do without resources, without high-end technology, with poor Wi-Fi
connections,'' said Sergio Berensztein, an Argentine political analyst. ''We
improvise creative solutions, for lack of other options, and many have applied
these same procedures to the technical industry.''

EkoParty began as a small gathering of Argentine hackers who exchanged their
discoveries over the web. Today, hundreds of Argentine hackers, from 14 to 45
years old, line up around the block to show off their skills to executives from
Silicon Valley start-ups like Synack, a security company, as well as more
established consulting firms like Deloitte, and a growing list of government
officials and contractors looking to acquire zero-days for their arsenals.

Among EkoParty's panelists were hackers like Alfredo Ortega, a sweet-natured man
from rural Patagonia and professed ''cybergaucho'' and was able to break into a
new e-voting system in 20 minutes. Later, he demonstrated how to hide malicious
code in computer chips.

Mr. Ortega, who now works for Avast Software, is best known for breaking into a
computer operating system thought to be invulnerable. His latest work in
progress is an X-ray-emitting device that can break into systems that are not
even online.

''Almost anything you give him, he will break,'' said Federico Kirschbaum, who
started the EkoParty conference with a fellow Argentine, Francisco Amato. They
are also the co-founders of the security company Infobyte.

Other presenters included Juliano Rizzo, a security researcher who demonstrated
a zero-day flaw onstage that some here estimated would have sold for six figures
on the black market.

Mr. Rizzo is among many Argentine security researchers who got their start at
Core Security, a company founded 20 years ago by six hackers.

In 1996, Core started working with companies and government agencies to find
security holes in their networks. Later, they created one of the first automated
attack tools designed to penetrate clients' systems by exploiting software
vulnerabilities.

As Core grew, its founders trained the next generation of exploit coders. But
those hackers now have far more lucrative options than their predecessors did.

Exploits that 20 years ago were discovered out of curiosity, or to defend
against criminals, are valuable to an increasing number of governments - 40 at
last count - that are developing offensive digital weapon programs.

Governments have already started repurposing Argentine exploit tools as spy
tools. Last December, two researchers discovered that an Iranian hacking group
was using Core's penetration testing tool against Iranian dissidents.

Sale of a single exploit can make some hackers rich. Zerodium, a zero-day-
exploit broker that sells to governments, said it paid hackers $1 million for an
Apple exploit in October. In mid-  November, the brokerage firm said it would
pay hackers $50,000 for an attack that could take over a victim's machine
through a Safari or Internet Explorer browser, and $80,000 for a similar attack
through Google's Chrome browser.

But Argentina's days as the outsourcing capital for hackers may be numbered, Mr.
Eren of Avast warns, particularly as the world goes mobile and governments start
zeroing in on ways to break into smartphones.

''Argentina may be hitting a peak,'' Mr. Eren said. ''There's new competition.''
And when it comes to breaking into phone software, he said, ''China is the
country now making a mark.''

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             March 20, 2015 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Hammond teaching minor-league goaltenders how it's done

BYLINE: Ken Warren, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 355 words


Andrew Hammond's exploits are serving as a Hamburglar Helper for minor-league
goaltenders wondering if and when they'll ever get their chance in the bigs.

Just ask Chris Driedger, recalled again from Evansville of the ECHL on Tuesday
to backup Hammond after Craig Anderson aggravated his right hand injury.

"There's no way when I was in Evansville, I thought I would be here and then all
of a sudden (Anderson) went down," says Driedger, who was also with the Senators
for Hammond's first five starts, including his back-to-back shutouts against the
Anaheim Ducks and Los Angeles Kings.

"And it's the same for (Hammond), too. He wasn't getting a sniff when (Robin)
Lehner was playing those games and then the next thing you know, he's in there
and stealing the show. Everyone in Canada, for sure, everyone in the hockey
world knows what he's doing right now. And to be here, behind the scenes, taking
it all in and (watching) how he's handling everything is a pretty good learning
experience, seeing what he's doing and learning what it takes to rise to the
occasion."

Driedger says he's in awe of Hammond's approach and attitude toward everything
that has happened - "he hasn't changed a thing" - during his run in the Senators
net.

"I've never seen anything like it, to be honest," he said. "The guy is as
focused as anybody I've ever seen. But he's not overdoing it. He's kind of
relaxed. He's having fun. He's just playing the game. He has simplified it to
the point where he's not worried about one thing or anything, just about
stopping the puck."

"He's just doing his thing. Apparently it has been working pretty well for him."

Apparently.

Hammond has some company in the rising-from-nowhere camp. Chicago's Scott
Darling, 26, who spent five seasons in the SPHL, ECHL, CHL and AHL before
getting his first shot in the NHL this season, has a 7-3-0 record with a 1.96
goals against average and .936 save percentage for the Blackhawks. He registered
a 1-0 win over the New York Rangers Wednesday, his first career shutout.

kwarren@ottawacitizen.com Twitter.com/Citizenkwarren !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015
Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Ottawa Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 15, 2012 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

On Talk Shows, Attack in Libya Becomes Subject of Political Back and Forth

BYLINE: By BRIAN KNOWLTON

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Politics; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 603 words


WASHINGTON -- Caught in the uneasy nexus between politics and foreign policy,
the debate over the violence in Benghazi, Libya, that claimed four American
lives turned angry on Sunday as Republicans said it reflected a dangerous
failure by the Obama administration to protect Americans across the region.
Democrats, meanwhile, accused the Republican presidential nominee, Mitt Romney,
of ''cravenly'' trying to exploit the episode in a political ''witch hunt.''

A Romney supporter, Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, said the attack on
the American consulate in Benghazi called into question a fundamental claim of
the Obama administration: that with the death of Osama bin Laden, Al Qaeda has
been gravely weakened and Americans are safer.

''The truth is we're not safer -- Al Qaeda is alive and counterattacking,'' Mr.
Graham said on the CBS program ''Face the Nation.'' ''This whole region is about
to explode. Al Qaeda is on the march.''

David Axelrod, a senior adviser to the Obama campaign, pushed back at the
criticism from those supporting Mr. Romney. ''From the beginning of this issue,
before any facts were known, he was cravenly trying to exploit it,'' Mr. Axelrod
said of Mr. Romney on ''Fox News Sunday.''

The dispute seems certain to surface on Tuesday when Mr. Romney faces President
Obama for their second televised debate. Mr. Romney has steadily sharpened his
criticism of the president's handling of the Benghazi episode, framing it as a
question of leadership, competence and transparency.

Mr. Graham was particularly hard on the administration because of its shifting
explanations for the attack, in which Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and
three other Americans died, and because the State Department had rejected the
embassy's requests to extend the security arrangements at the time.

Mr. Graham said administration officials had either misled the American people
or were ''incredibly incompetent,'' and he suggested that they had knowingly
played down the involvement of terrorists to avoid scaring voters.

Representative Darrell Issa, a California Republican who led a House oversight
committee hearing into the case on Wednesday, said on ''Face the Nation'' on
Sunday that if security professionals had requested reinforcements for Libya
''and that's not being heard, then it isn't just Ambassador Stevens who is now
dead -- it's everybody who works throughout the Middle East is at risk.''

Mr. Axelrod, however, suggested that Mr. Romney had been waiting for a chance to
assail Mr. Obama's foreign policy, so much so that his initial remarks on
Benghazi -- made even before it was known that Americans had died -- consisted
of ''half-information in a way that was denounced by both Republicans and
Democrats.''

While Mr. Axelrod said that ''the president of the United States is responsible
for everything that happens on his watch,'' he also said that the initial
decision on security for Benghazi came from the State Department and that the
original explanation blaming a riot outside the mission, not a terrorist attack,
flowed from intelligence reports. ''Sometimes, intelligence has to catch up with
what's happening on the ground,'' Mr. Axelrod said.

The administration did receive some backing on Sunday. The highest-ranking
Democrat on Mr. Issa's committee, Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland,
echoed Mr. Axelrod's point, saying that Benghazi had become a ''political
football'' and that Republicans were ''trying to give Romney some talking
points'' without awaiting the results of investigations.

''I think it's turning into a witch hunt,'' he said, ''and we can do better.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/15/us/politics/bengazi-episode-takes-on-political
-overtones.html

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: David Axelrod, left, an Obama adviser, accused Republicans of
trying to exploit the Libya attack, while Senator Lindsey Graham said it
undermined the administration's claim of greater security. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY DOUG
PENSINGER/GETTY IMAGES
 PETE MAROVICH/EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO AGENCY)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              706 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                             June 27, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Tomorrow in the Gazette

BYLINE: The Gazette

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 198  words


We won't beat about the bush here: Hung is a darkly comic TV show about a
hapless, cash-less, Detroit high school basketball coach who, after attending a
self-help class, decides to exploit his biggest - physical - asset. Thomas Jane
stars as Ray Drecker in HBO Canada's new series about a decent guy who goes off
the deep end. The Gazette's Bill Brownstein takes a look in tomorrow's ;

Opinion

Parizeau Can't Seem to Shut Up

Every time a new leader tries to calm voters' fears about the PQ's sovereignist
intentions, up from the Black Lagoon pops this ancient figure in his
double-breasted suit to remind everyone that separation from Canada is the real
goal and almost any tactic will be used to achieve it. Norman Webster comments
in tomorrow's Opinion section.

Arts & Life

No Job Too Small

We won't beat about the bush here: Hung is a darkly comic TV show about a
hapless, cash-less, Detroit high school basketball coach who, after attending a
self-help class, decides to exploit his biggest - physical - asset. Thomas Jane
stars as Ray Drecker in HBO Canada's new series about a decent guy who goes off
the deep end. The Gazette's Bill Brownstein takes a look in tomorrow's

Arts & Life section.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: No Job Too Small ;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 21, 2010 Tuesday

Biz Break: D'oh! Twitter's 'onMouseOver' mayhem explained

BYLINE: By Frank Michael Russell frussell@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 944 words


Today: Twitter explains how it was hit by a fast-spreading virus. Adobe reports
record revenue, but its outlook disappoints Wall Street. The Fed promises to
rescue the economy (if needed).

Twitter mayhem

Twitter -- the San Francisco microblogging upstart (which lets you share your
thoughts online, as long as you keep them to 140 characters or less) -- was hit
by a fast-retweeting virus this morning.

According to our friends at The Associated Press, the virus only affected users
of Twitter.com and not third-party services such as TweetDeck. Even the White
House Twitter feed was affected, although the tweet was later removed.

Twitter said it wasn't aware of any harm to computers caused by the virus -- and
that "user account information was not compromised."

In a post today on the company's official blog, Bob Lord of Twitter's security
team apologized to the site's users and explained that the havoc began at 2:45
a.m. "By 7 a.m.," he wrote, "the primary issue was solved."

Lord said the "security exploit" was caused by "cross-site scripting," which he
described as "the practice of placing code from an untrusted website into
another one. In this case, users submitted JavaScript code as plain text into a
tweet that could be executed in the browser of another user."

This morning, he said, "someone created an account that exploited the issue by
turning tweets different colors and causing a pop-up box with text to appear
when someone hovered over the link in the tweet. This is why folks are referring
to this as an 'onMouseOver' flaw -- the exploit occurred when someone moused
over a link.

"Other users took this one step further and added code that caused people to
retweet the original tweet without their knowledge."

The bad morning came as the company was continuing to roll out the "New Twitter"
site, which adds features to keep users on Twitter's home page longer, allowing
the company to pull in more advertising revenue.

Adobe earnings

Adobe Systems -- the San Jose maker of expensive graphic design and Internet
software -- reported a $230.1 million profit for its most recent quarter, up 69
percent from a year earlier. Third-quarter revenue climbed 42 percent to a
record $990.3 million.

Adobe reported results this afternoon just after the stock markets closed.

"Strong performance in each of our major businesses contributed to record
revenue and strong earnings" in the quarter, Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen said in
a statement accompanying the results. "We remain bullish about Adobe's long-term
role in enabling the transformation of content and applications across
industries."

Adobe's earnings came in at 44 cents a share. Excluding certain costs, Adobe
said its earnings would have been 54 cents a share.

For the current quarter, Adobe expects revenue of $950 million to $1 billion and
earnings of 35 to 41 cents a share -- or 48 to 54 cents a share excluding costs.

Adobe's revenue forecast was under Wall Street analysts' average expectation of
$1.03 billion, according to Thomson Reuters. The shares were down sharply in
after-hours trading after closing at $32.94, down 17 cents, or 0.5 percent.

More Adobe news: Adobe is rolling out upgrades to consumer versions of its
photo- and video-editing software. Adobe Photoshop Elements 9 and Adobe Premiere
Elements 9 are available bundled or as stand-alone programs for Windows machines
and Apple's Mac computers.

Kevin Connor, Adobe's vice president of product management for digital imaging
said in a statement today that the software is designed to give consumers
"intelligent and accessible features that do all the heavy lifting, empowering
them to easily share high-impact memories with friends and family."

The economy

Chairman Ben Bernanke and his colleagues at the Federal Reserve acknowledged
today that the nation's recovery from the Great Recession may be in trouble, but
decided not to take any new action to rescue the economy before Election Day in
November.

"Household spending is increasing gradually, but remains constrained by high
unemployment, modest income growth, lower housing wealth, and tight credit," the
Federal Open Market Committee said in a statement. "Business spending on
equipment and software is rising, though less rapidly than earlier in the year.
"... Employers remain reluctant to add to payrolls."

For now, the Fed will keep its key short-term interest rate at a historically
low zero to 0.25 percent. It also will reinvest principal payments for the
long-term debt it holds -- and promised to "provide additional accommodation if
needed."

Omidyar commits $55 million

Omidyar Network, a philanthropic investment firm established by eBay founder
Pierre Omidyar and his wife Pam, is pledging $55 million to promote government
transparency globally and mobile technology in developing countries.

The firm announced the donations today at the Clinton Global Initiative's yearly
conference in New York, according to a news release.

The money, to be distributed over the next three years, includes both grants and
for-profit investments.

Silicon Valley tech stocks

Up: Apple, Google, Intel, Hewlett-Packard, eBay, Gilead Sciences.

Down: Oracle, Cisco Systems, VMware, Yahoo.

The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index: Down 6.48, or 0.3 percent, to 2,349.35.

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Up 7.41, or 0.1 percent, to
10,761.03.

And the widely watched Standard & Poor's 500 index: Down 2.93, or 0.3 percent,
to 1,139.78.

Check in weekday afternoons for the 60-Second Business Break, a summary of news
from Mercury News staff writers, The Associated Press, Bloomberg News and other
wire services. Contact Frank Russell at 408-920-5876. Follow him at
Twitter.com/mercspike .

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 21, 2010 Tuesday

Biz Break: D'oh! Twitter's 'onMouseOver' mayhem explained

BYLINE: By Frank Michael Russell frussell@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Local; Business; Columnists; Columnists

LENGTH: 944 words


Today: Twitter explains how it was hit by a fast-spreading virus. Adobe reports
record revenue, but its outlook disappoints Wall Street. The Fed promises to
rescue the economy (if needed).

Twitter mayhem

Twitter -- the San Francisco microblogging upstart (which lets you share your
thoughts online, as long as you keep them to 140 characters or less) -- was hit
by a fast-retweeting virus this morning.

According to our friends at The Associated Press, the virus only affected users
of Twitter.com and not third-party services such as TweetDeck. Even the White
House Twitter feed was affected, although the tweet was later removed.

Twitter said it wasn't aware of any harm to computers caused by the virus -- and
that "user account information was not compromised."

In a post today on the company's official blog, Bob Lord of Twitter's security
team apologized to the site's users and explained that the havoc began at 2:45
a.m. "By 7 a.m.," he wrote, "the primary issue was solved."

Lord said the "security exploit" was caused by "cross-site scripting," which he
described as "the practice of placing code from an untrusted website into
another one. In this case, users submitted JavaScript code as plain text into a
tweet that could be executed in the browser of another user."

This morning, he said, "someone created an account that exploited the issue by
turning tweets different colors and causing a pop-up box with text to appear
when someone hovered over the link in the tweet. This is why folks are referring
to this as an 'onMouseOver' flaw -- the exploit occurred when someone moused
over a link.

"Other users took this one step further and added code that caused people to
retweet the original tweet without their knowledge."

The bad morning came as the company was continuing to roll out the "New Twitter"
site, which adds features to keep users on Twitter's home page longer, allowing
the company to pull in more advertising revenue.

Adobe earnings

Adobe Systems -- the San Jose maker of expensive graphic design and Internet
software -- reported a $230.1 million profit for its most recent quarter, up 69
percent from a year earlier. Third-quarter revenue climbed 42 percent to a
record $990.3 million.

Adobe reported results this afternoon just after the stock markets closed.

"Strong performance in each of our major businesses contributed to record
revenue and strong earnings" in the quarter, Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen said in
a statement accompanying the results. "We remain bullish about Adobe's long-term
role in enabling the transformation of content and applications across
industries."

Adobe's earnings came in at 44 cents a share. Excluding certain costs, Adobe
said its earnings would have been 54 cents a share.

For the current quarter, Adobe expects revenue of $950 million to $1 billion and
earnings of 35 to 41 cents a share -- or 48 to 54 cents a share excluding costs.

Adobe's revenue forecast was under Wall Street analysts' average expectation of
$1.03 billion, according to Thomson Reuters. The shares were down sharply in
after-hours trading after closing at $32.94, down 17 cents, or 0.5 percent.

More Adobe news: Adobe is rolling out upgrades to consumer versions of its
photo- and video-editing software. Adobe Photoshop Elements 9 and Adobe Premiere
Elements 9 are available bundled or as stand-alone programs for Windows machines
and Apple's Mac computers.

Kevin Connor, Adobe's vice president of product management for digital imaging
said in a statement today that the software is designed to give consumers
"intelligent and accessible features that do all the heavy lifting, empowering
them to easily share high-impact memories with friends and family."

The economy

Chairman Ben Bernanke and his colleagues at the Federal Reserve acknowledged
today that the nation's recovery from the Great Recession may be in trouble, but
decided not to take any new action to rescue the economy before Election Day in
November.

"Household spending is increasing gradually, but remains constrained by high
unemployment, modest income growth, lower housing wealth, and tight credit," the
Federal Open Market Committee said in a statement. "Business spending on
equipment and software is rising, though less rapidly than earlier in the year.
"... Employers remain reluctant to add to payrolls."

For now, the Fed will keep its key short-term interest rate at a historically
low zero to 0.25 percent. It also will reinvest principal payments for the
long-term debt it holds -- and promised to "provide additional accommodation if
needed."

Omidyar commits $55 million

Omidyar Network, a philanthropic investment firm established by eBay founder
Pierre Omidyar and his wife Pam, is pledging $55 million to promote government
transparency globally and mobile technology in developing countries.

The firm announced the donations today at the Clinton Global Initiative's yearly
conference in New York, according to a news release.

The money, to be distributed over the next three years, includes both grants and
for-profit investments.

Silicon Valley tech stocks

Up: Apple, Google, Intel, Hewlett-Packard, eBay, Gilead Sciences.

Down: Oracle, Cisco Systems, VMware, Yahoo.

The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index: Down 6.48, or 0.3 percent, to 2,349.35.

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Up 7.41, or 0.1 percent, to
10,761.03.

And the widely watched Standard & Poor's 500 index: Down 2.93, or 0.3 percent,
to 1,139.78.

Check in weekday afternoons for the 60-Second Business Break, a summary of news
from Mercury News staff writers, The Associated Press, Bloomberg News and other
wire services. Contact Frank Russell at 408-920-5876. Follow him at
Twitter.com/mercspike .

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Fresno Bee (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 19, 2006 Saturday

Wartime exploits live on: U.S. Navy honored Alfred I. 'Al' Pollack's World War
II heroism.

BYLINE: Jim Steinberg, The Fresno Bee, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 5574 words


Aug. 19--Alfred I. "Al" Pollack led a long life distinguished by decades of
Fresno public service, but several hours of heroism during a U.S. Navy shipwreck
off the frigid Newfoundland coast rendered his civilian life comparatively calm.

Mr. Pollack, a former chairman of the Fig Garden Fire Protection District board,
died Tuesday. He was 89.

He and his wife, Beverly, returned to St. Lawrence, Canada, for several visits,
and they were treated as heroes for his World War II exploits, Beverly Pollack
said.

Mr. Pollack's civilian work in Fresno also won recognition. In 2002, a crowd of
retired and active fire chiefs and other friends honored him for his
half-century of work for the Fig Garden district. He was credited with helping
save the fire district by bringing professional firefighters from the old Mid
Valley Fire Protection District and the California Department of Forestry into
the Fig Garden district.

Such an accomplishment seemed tame next to Mr. Pollack's valor during a severe
storm that sank the USS Pollux cargo ship and the destroyer USS Truxton on Feb.
18, 1942. The storm claimed 118 lives, but 168 were rescued.

Mr. Pollack's swim through icy waters to secure help from the coast won him a
Navy commendation. It said in part, "Disregarding your own personal safety, you
attempted to run a line ashore from the stranded Pollux under conditions of
heavy sea, icy water and below-freezing temperatures." His bravery "inspired
those aboard to greater efforts and contributed to subsequent operations which
resulted in the rescue of many of the officers and crew."

Beverly Pollack was living in Norfolk, Va., in 1942, and remembers the shock she
felt reading a large headline about the sinking.

"I didn't know if he was alive or dead," she said.

As the Pollux was breaking up, Mr. Pollack, the ship's paymaster, smeared his
body with engine oil to partially protect him from the frigid ocean water. The
Pollux had listed 25 degrees when the ship's commanding officer ordered about 90
sailors to attempt the 100-yard swim to shore.

"He was lucky he survived just the cold," Beverly Pollack said Friday.

Villagers from St. Lawrence helped Mr. Pollack up a steep cliff and cared for
him afterward.

"He loved those people, and many survivors went back to visit," Beverly Pollack
said. "They erected a monument to the rescue there."

Mr. Pollack was stationed next as a supply officer in a military hospital in New
Guinea in the south Pacific near Australia. He was discharged from the Navy in
September 1946. He went into retail business, then began his own consultant
business.

"Fresno was where he belonged and where he wanted to be," Beverly Pollack said.

In 1973, he was elected president of the board of the Family Service Center in
Fresno. The next year, Mr. Pollack was elected president of the Council of
Family Service Agencies of California.

A private memorial service will be held for Mr. Pollack.

The family requests that any remembrance be sent to the UCSF-Fresno Alzheimer's
and Memory Center or to Optimal Hospice, both in Fresno.

The reporter can be reached at jsteinberg@fresnobee.com or (559) 441-6311.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Fresno Bee, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060819-FR-0819-Wartime-exploits-live-on

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FR


                         Copyright 2006 The Fresno Bee


                              710 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 1, 1995, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Women and Children First?;
For More Than Half a Century, Two Brothers Have Begged to Differ

BYLINE: By JAMES BARRON

SECTION: Section B;  Page 1;  Column 2;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1066 words


First things first: Michael Katen remembers how cold it was when he bivouacked
outside the Lincoln Tunnel for four days and four numbing winter nights. The
macaroni and coffee he had brought along froze. Someone shook his hand and said
it felt like an icicle.

It was 1945, and Mr. Katen's goal was to be the first motorist to pay a toll
when the new north tube of the tunnel opened. After all, he and his brother say
that separately or together, they were first at hundreds of things: Mr. First
and Mr. Second.

The Bronx-born brothers' exploits have been widely documented over the years in
newspaper and magazine articles now yellowed with age. They stake their claims
on such headline-catching events as being the first to fly into Idlewild Airport
(July 31, 1948).

Mr. Katen's brother, Omero C. Catan, now 80, was the first to buy a token on the
Eighth Avenue subway (Sept. 10, 1932), the first to put a coin in a New York
City parking meter (Sept. 19, 1951), the first to skate across the rink at
Rockefeller Center (Christmas Day, 1936) and the first to drive over the Tappan
Zee Bridge (Dec. 15, 1955). Mr. Catan's last first was the opening of Interstate
595 in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., where the retired sports-concession executive now
lives.

And Mr. Katen? An 82-year-old retired mechanic who lives in Margate, Fla., he
was the first passenger on the Metrorail in Miami (May 20, 1984).

Today, Mr. Katen (his brother changed the spelling of his name when he was a
teen-ager, Mr. Katen said) plans to mark the 50th anniversary of his Lincoln
Tunnel opening by driving right through -- no camping out this time, and no
complaints, though the toll is now $4, up from 50 cents 50 years ago.

"Compared to the bridges, that's nothing," he said. "The Triborough Bridge? The
Whitestone Bridge? Those are the ones that make me mad. You pay, and then you
get jammed up in the middle and can't go anywhere."

(For the record, Mr. Catan claims to be the first to cross both of those spans,
as well as the George Washington Bridge, the Henry Hudson Bridge -- both levels
-- and the Delaware Memorial Bridge, among others.)

Along the way, Mr. Catan and Mr. Katen met a lot of governors and Presidents --
"dignity people," Mr. Katen calls them, so many that he cannot remember their
names. But he is certain of this: elected officials today do not measure up.

"They only come around and shake your hand if they're running for office," he
said. "They don't want to know you after that. I stayed at that governor's nice
house in Maryland for a week when they were opening the Chesapeake Bay Bridge.
He came over when we were out by the bridge and said, 'You comfortable?' I said,
'Forgot my rifle.' He said, 'Your rifle? What for?' I said, 'To shoot the
mosquitoes.'

"He sent three trucks over to spray for them, and he made sure nobody got in
front of us."

Which is more than Mr. Catan can say for the opening of the Brooklyn Battery
Tunnel, where he almost lost first place to -- can you believe it? -- a
reporter. Mr. Catan had rented a place to park near the tunnel. "We had two
newspaper guys who complained so much the chief of police, at the last minute,
sent somebody to get me out" of the first-place position, Mr. Catan said. But
with some, uh, first-rate driving, he still managed to get through the tunnel
first.

Mr. Catan said he first thought about becoming Mr. First when he met a man who
had walked across the Brooklyn Bridge the day it opened, in 1883. "I sensed this
was a way to get in on the growth of the country, seeing these historic events,"
Mr. Catan said. "We had a lot of bridges, expressways, steamships. New stuff
every time."

Mr. Catan said he never had any desire to beat Neil Armstrong to the moon. "No,
thank you," he said. "I don't have that kind of nerve." But flying to Paris
ahead of Charles Lindbergh? "That would have been great," Mr. Catan said.
"That's unique."

Being first so many times took careful planning and help from officials,
contacted in advance, who arranged for a close-up parking space here or a
motorcycle escort there. But after leading the way on everything from the
Massachusetts Turnpike (May 16, 1957) to the Major Deegan Expressway (Nov. 5,
1955) to the Florida Turnpike (Jan. 26, 1957), Mr. Catan can no longer remember
the first of what he reckons to be his 573 firsts.

"Only 573?" his brother said. "I thought he had more."

So much for keeping score. The worst first, Mr. Katen said, was on opening day
at Idlewild Airport, now John F. Kennedy. The brothers arranged to rent a
twin-engine plane to fly them in from Teterboro, N.J. The pilot was waiting for
clearance to land when, to the delight of the audience at the ribbon-cutting on
the ground, a squadron of B-29's roared by.

"We were shaking like a leaf," Mr. Katen said. "We said, 'We can't stay up
here.' So we landed. We pulled alongside of Harry S. Truman's plane. The tower
was pretty mad. But we succeeded: we paid the first toll for landing. I forget
how much it was, but the plane was $50."

The Lincoln Tunnel opened on Dec. 22, 1937, and as usual, Mr. Catan was there
ahead of everybody. (Like his brother eight years later, he nearly froze waiting
for the big moment.) But when the north tube was completed in 1945, Mr. Catan
was an injured soldier in an Army hospital in England. He wrote to the Port
Authority of New York and New Jersey to ask if Mr. Katen could stand in for him.
The answer was yes, and Mr. Katen parked his Pontiac and waited. Howard Hughes,
Mr. Katen's billionaire boss at Trans World Airlines, where Mr. Katen was
working at the time, brought him a hot plate, Mr. Katen said. Still, he
shivered.

"I wasn't dressed for winter," Mr. Katen said. "I didn't think it was going to
be that cold." To save fuel, he kept the engine turned off. "I was afraid the
car wouldn't start."

But it did. The Port Authority says that 738,788,000 vehicles have followed, and
when Mr. Katen drove through yesterday on a trial run for today's anniversary,
it showed. "Looks a little bit dirtier than when I went through," he said.

Eventually, he pulled up to toll booth No. 18 and paid the $4. It was a routine
transaction that began with a "Hi, how are you?" and ended with a "Have a nice
day." After she had taken the money, the toll collector, Spring Lee, did the
math: the first time he went through was 13 years before she was born.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: In 1945, Michael Katen became the first motorist to cross the
Hudson through the north tube of the Lincoln Tunnel and was given a medallion,
below, for that pioneering exploit. On a trial run for an anniversary crossing
planned for today, the toll collector was Spring Lee, left; in 1945, it was
Helen Deckner, above. (Andrea Mohin/The New York Times) (pg. B1); In 1945, Omero
C. Catan couldn't be first. So he sent his brother. (1945) (pg. B2)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              711 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                              June 16, 2008 Monday

There'll be no landslide

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 569 words


Everywhere I go, people ask me who will win the election. If I really knew, I'd
be living on my privately owned island in the South Pacific, or at least Lake
Michigan.

But I usually do have educated hunches.

I thought George H.W. Bush would win the 1988 presidential election over
Democrat Michael Dukakis. I covered both campaigns that year, and Bush's was a
first-class operation put on by folks who had delivered two landslides for
Ronald Reagan.

The Republican campaign featured a traveling road show up the old U.S. 51,
featuring Loretta Lynn, Crystal Gale, Lee Greenwood and short, humor-filled
homilies by the candidate, who was then vice president and acted more like a
Grand Ole Opry announcer than the future president of the United States.

Reporters on the press buses were supplied with plenty of frosty malt beverages,
and a good time was had by all.

By contrast, Democrat Mike Dukakis ran one of the most inept campaigns in
history. He, too, did a bus tour in Illinois, but it featured a folk singer who
moaned and strummed about hard times.

Nobody had any fun, including the candidate, who never smiled.

Now, about 2008.

Because it will be a Democratic year, this will be Barack Obama's election to
lose. We know he is a formidable candidate, the first great political orator in
generations, the first politician to understand and fully exploit the power of
the Internet as a fundraising and mobilization tool.

I received an e-mail Monday from Obama's people saying, "Our presidential
campaign will be the first in a generation to deploy and maintain staff in every
single state. " Another Obama campaign goal is to register millions of fresh
voters who are not old enough to be cynics - anyone over 21.

Obama has negatives that Republicans will try to exploit, including the "Obama
is a Muslim" lie that keeps making the rounds of the Internet and the ongoing
controversy over his former pastor, Jeremiah Wright and his anti-American rant.
Right-wing radio hosts are in high dudgeon, calling Obama a socialist, a
Bolshevik, a false messiah.

In reality, Obama is a conventional liberal like Hillary Clinton or, sometimes,
John McCain!

McCain, the GOP nominee-to-be, is admired for his Navy service and captivity in
the Vietnam War, and for his independent streak.

However, the secular McCain doesn't go down well with evangelicals.

McCain tried to impress them by seeking and getting endorsements of prominent
preachers. But he chose the right-wing equivalents of Wright: John Hagee, who
said Hitler persecuted the Jews so that the survivors could establish Israel,
and Rod Parsley, who preached that America's historic mission is to destroy the
"false religion" of Islam. Oops.

McCain, who voted against George W. Bush's tax cuts, voted against drilling in
Alaska's northern wilderness and wants to fight global warming, is not loved by
conservatives, but they'll grumble and vote for him ... if they vote.

Some moderate and conservative Democrats and a few bitter Hillary loyalists will
vote for McCain.

And some people will vote for the Arizona senator because he's not the black
guy.

Obama starts out ahead and plans on building a massive tsunami of a movement.
But McCain can outdistance him if enough people are convinced that Obama is too
extreme, inexperienced, or both.

There will be no landslide. This will be another nail-biter. Be prepared to stay
up late the night of Nov. 4.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OP ED COLUMN. WIRE. GHNS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday
                              WED REGIONAL Edition

Colo. hacker who aided blackmailers gets 29 months

BYLINE: Kirk Mitchell

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 653 words


A Colorado Springs hacker who sold computer code that allowed people, including
blackmailers, to scan Photobucket's cache of 10 billion customer photographs and
videos for nude and pornographic images and steal them was sentenced Tuesday to
29 months in prison.

Brandon Bourret, 41, was convicted in U.S. District Court in Denver of one count
of conspiracy to commit computer fraud. He also was sentenced to three years of
supervised release after prison.

"I don't think you really understand what you did to other people," Judge Wiley
Daniel said shortly before sentencing Bourret. "You reveled in what you did."

Bourret agreed to forfeit computer hardware and the $49,153 in proceeds from
sales of the application named using a crude twist on the word Photobucket to
1,739 customers.

Athanasios Andrianakis, Bourret's alleged accomplice, received probation,
including 15 months of home detention. Daniel said the Sunnyvale, Calif., man
was offered a lesser sentence after a Photobucket employee testified that he had
helped the company identify website vulnerabilities.

Bourret said he broke out in a cold sweat and starting crying when FBI agents
told him his clients had used his program to blackmail people and were sending
the photos to victims' family members and co workers.

"Yes, seduced by money," Bourret told the judge. "I will not lie."

But Daniel said he found Bourret to be "glib." The judge said he was not
convinced Bourret was remorseful and said he seemed to blame everything on
Andrianakis.

Photobucket Corp., based in Denver, operates an image and video hosting website
for 100 million users who store more than 10 billion photographs and videos in
public, private or password protected albums.

Bourret sold the application, developed in 2006, under the online handle
phatWares. The tool allowed his customers to gain illegal access to protected
albums, according to a report that Bourret signed indicating it was factual.

In 2012, Bourret and Andrianakis developed the ability to find and copy, or
"rip," nude or sexually explicit images. They called security vulnerabilities "
exploits" and pirated photographs "wins."

They sold the software for $29.99, using PayPal to accept major credit cards.

The app allowed users to search for underage girls, for someone of a specific
race or for a particular sexual activity. But at his sentencing, Bourret said
his software was not intended only to dredge up nude pictures; he had hoped law
enforcement might use it.

Computer logs indicated that Bourret used his own software 18,557 times between
June 18, 2012, and July 1, 2014, when FBI agents raided his home. He had at
least 722 Photobucket account names and passwords and admitted his customers
accessed the accounts of 1.9 million people.

One victim was a woman who, in her victim impact statement, wrote that her
photos were being traded online by "perverts" and will be on the internet
forever. "This will never go away."

"It will impact her for the rest of her life," prosecutor David Tonini said.
"It's heart wrenching to hear from these women."

Bourret advertised on a website called Skch.me using private nude pictures
pirated from Photobucket.

"Welcome to Skch.me, where you can find photos exposed, amateur girls, amateur
sex videos and more!" Bourret's ads said. "Rip ALL private albums by YOURSELF!"

One of his customers, who identified himself as "pinkmeth," was blackmailing
people with the private photographs and videos. One "exploit" made it
dangerously easy to get someone's e mail.

Another customer was an admitted pornography addict, who used the service to
track down nude pictures of women he had attended school with, Tonini said.

Photobucket officials learned about Bourret's software in February 2013. The
company fixed the breach three times in May 2013, but Bourret simply released
new "exploits."

Kirk Mitchell: 303 954 1206, kmitchell@denverpost.com or @kirkmitchell or
denverpost.com/coldcases

LOAD-DATE: November 05, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            December 30, 2012 Sunday

Beware of donation scammers, FBI says

BYLINE: from wire and online reports

LENGTH: 290 words


NEW YORK , A woman accused of trying to swindle donors by posing as a relative
of a child killed in the Connecticut school massacre had been soliciting money
for Superstorm Sandy relief.

Nouel Alba, 37, was arrested on Thursday and accused of concocting bogus tales
about having to identify her nephew's body and needing to raise money for a
"funeral fund" for the victims.

"This arrest should serve as a warning to anyone who attempts to profit from
this tragedy by contriving fraudulent schemes that exploit the many victims,
their families and individuals who sincerely want to help," said David B. Fein,
chief federal prosecutor in Connecticut.

Investigators continue to watch the Internet for scams arising out of the Dec.
14  shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary.

"It's unconscionable to think that the families of the victims in Newtown, and a
sympathetic community looking to provide them some sort of financial support and
comfort, have become the targets of criminals," said Kimberly K. Mertz, the FBI
special agent in charge of the New Haven, Conn., division of the FBI. Alba's
"arrest is a stern message that the FBI will investigate and bring to justice
those who perpetrate Internet fundraising scams, especially those scams that
exploit the most vulnerable in their time of shared sorrow."

According to the criminal complaint, within hours of the massacre, Alba, 37, had
posted on her Facebook account that her nephew was one of the victims and that
she had provided photos to law enforcement officers.

Alba claimed to be related to Noah Pozner, 6, one of the Sandy Hook students
killed.

In a CNN interview before her arrest, she denied being involved in any scam.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            December 30, 2012 Sunday

Beware of donation scammers, FBI says

BYLINE: from wire and online reports

LENGTH: 290 words


NEW YORK , A woman accused of trying to swindle donors by posing as a relative
of a child killed in the Connecticut school massacre had been soliciting money
for Superstorm Sandy relief.

Nouel Alba, 37, was arrested on Thursday and accused of concocting bogus tales
about having to identify her nephew's body and needing to raise money for a
"funeral fund" for the victims.

"This arrest should serve as a warning to anyone who attempts to profit from
this tragedy by contriving fraudulent schemes that exploit the many victims,
their families and individuals who sincerely want to help," said David B. Fein,
chief federal prosecutor in Connecticut.

Investigators continue to watch the Internet for scams arising out of the Dec.
14  shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary.

"It's unconscionable to think that the families of the victims in Newtown, and a
sympathetic community looking to provide them some sort of financial support and
comfort, have become the targets of criminals," said Kimberly K. Mertz, the FBI
special agent in charge of the New Haven, Conn., division of the FBI. Alba's
"arrest is a stern message that the FBI will investigate and bring to justice
those who perpetrate Internet fundraising scams, especially those scams that
exploit the most vulnerable in their time of shared sorrow."

According to the criminal complaint, within hours of the massacre, Alba, 37, had
posted on her Facebook account that her nephew was one of the victims and that
she had provided photos to law enforcement officers.

Alba claimed to be related to Noah Pozner, 6, one of the Sandy Hook students
killed.

In a CNN interview before her arrest, she denied being involved in any scam.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      April 5, 2001 Thursday FINAL EDITION

It's be good or be gone for Canucks: Will Canucks' plunge never come to an end?

BYLINE: Iain MacIntyre

SOURCE: Vancouver Sun

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. D1 / Front

LENGTH: 673 words


Several times this winter the Vancouver Canucks' biggest obstacle to winning was
the play of goalie Felix Potvin. It still is, except now Potvin plays for the
Los Angeles Kings.

Three months after Potvin was booed off the ice in Vancouver, seven weeks after
he was given to Los Angeles in hockey's version of free trade, the Cat is back.
And tonight at GM Place he will be the barrier separating the Canucks from their
first Stanley Cup playoff berth since 1996.

The Canucks, despite their mine-shaft descent in the National Hockey League
standings over the last 15 games, will clinch a playoff spot if they beat the
Kings while the Phoenix Coyotes lose at home against the San Jose Sharks.

A loss would leave the Canucks on the cusp of elimination and one of the biggest
final-month collapses in National Hockey League history. The Canucks' regular
season ends Saturday against the Edmonton Oilers.

"We put ourselves in this position," Canuck defenceman Ed Jovanovski said after
a spirited practice Wednesday in Burnaby. "We knew that two or three wins in
these last 15 games and we'd have a playoff spot. Obviously, it didn't work that
way. Now we just have to find a way to get it done. There are no more ifs, ands
or buts. It has got to get done (tonight)."

The Canucks led the Kings by 12 points in the Western Conference standings on
March 3. The Kings, powered by Potvin's unearthly netminding, now lead by one.

In a 3-1 loss in Los Angeles on Monday, the Canucks badly outplayed the Kings,
outshooting them 27-8 in the final two periods. But they could not outplay
Potvin, who made 31 saves.

"He made good saves," Canuck Matt Cooke said. "I'm not taking anything away from
him. But we've got to put pucks at the net. That's what everyone did against us
when he was here. We have to stick with that. He is a guy who has a problem with
hydration. We have to exploit the weaknesses we can."

Hydration problem? No, it's not a politically correct euphemism for alcoholism.
Potvin has, at various times in his career, become easily dehydrated during
games.

As a Canuck, he guarded against it during intermissions by drinking Pedialyte,
an electrolyte formula intended for infants with diarrhea. Potvin, however, said
Wednesday that his fluid levels have been fine in Los Angeles, and he hasn't had
to take Pedialyte. And since he has survived 21 consecutive starts without
passing out, chances are he won't need any supplements.

Still, part of the Canucks' game plan is to bombard Potvin and try to wear him
down in what should be a warm arena. The Kings are playing their third game in
four nights in three cities.

"We're going to try to put as many pucks on him as possible," Canuck Brendan
Morrison said. "It has been documented that his style is to go down and he's
deep in his net. We feel if we can get pucks on him and he can't see them, the
net's open."

"We're trying to get traffic," Canuck Trent Klatt added. "We're trying to get a
lot of shots to make his night busy. He has tendencies we think we can exploit.
On the other hand, he knows our tendencies. We're trying to shoot high. We know
he gets his paddle down and he's back in his net. It would make you believe
there's lots of room upstairs."

Room or not, the Canucks were able to hit it on Monday. With only eight goals
during their seven-game winless streak - part of a 1-6-6-2 slide - the Canucks
would have been unable to hit the Pacific from Molokai.

"It doesn't matter who scores; someone has got to step up, take the bull by the
horns and run with it," defenceman Ed Jovanovski said, hitting a cliche hat
trick but missing the quad by not looking himself in the mirror while speaking.
"You have to have confidence in your ability. Everyone in this room has been a
scorer at some point, like in junior, and has the talent to do something."

"We have to score goals," Klatt said. "We haven't had any go in off a skate. We
haven't had any go in off someone's leg. We've had no crazy-bounce goals, and
that is bound to change."

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Ian Lindsay, Vancouver Sun ; VANCOUVER FACING, CRUNCH
TIME: "He made good saves. I'm not taking anything away from, him. But we've got
to put pucks at the net. That's what everybody, did against us when he was here.
We have to stick with that...We, have to exploit the weaknesses we can". -
Canuck Matt Cooke on the, recent success of Kings goaltender Felix Potvin; Color
Photo: John, Lehmann, Reuters ; VANCOUVER FACING CRUNCH TIME: "We're going to
try, to put as many pucks on him as possible. It has been documented that, his
style is to go down and he's deep in his net. We feel if we can, get pucks on
him and he can't see them, the net's open". - Canuck, Brendan Morrison, talking
about the Canuck plan for Potvin; Color, Photo: Ward Perrin, Vancouver Sun ;
VANCOUVER FACING CRUNCH TIME:, "We're trying to get a lot of shots to make his
night busy. He has, tendencies were think we can exploit. On the other hand, he
knows, out tendencies. We're trying to shoot high. We know he gets his, paddle
down and he's back in his net." - Canuck Trent Klatt, on, Potvin's habit of
playing low and deep in his goal crease

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                October 16, 2000

CERT Narrows Window for Security Holes;
Advisory service will report all flaws within 45 days

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: NEWS - HIGH; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 476 words

Users who support public disclosure of security vulnerabilities got an
unexpected boost recently.
Carnegie Mellon University's CERT Coordination Center security advisory service
last week instituted a new policy under which it plans to publicly disclose all
software flaws and vulnerabilities 45 days after they're first reported to the
organization.
The policy builds on Pittsburgh-based CERT's usual practice of issuing periodic
security advisories to its clients. Until now, such advisories have been
restricted only to vulnerabilities that the center considers particularly
serious and in need of immediate attention by users. But as part of the new
policy, CERT will start issuing what are expected to be far more frequent
"vulnerability reports" on all security problems that are reported to the center
and can be proven true, said CERT member Shawn Hernan.
The new policy is a good thing for users, said Josh Turiel, a network manager at
Holyoke Mutual Insurance Co. in Salem, Mass. "I'm a big believer in full
disclosure [of security problems ]," Turiel said. "Forty-five days is a very
reasonable time for a vendor to fix a flaw. ...  [If ] it is not done by then,
users should know."
Under the new policy, CERT will pass on all relevant information about a
specific security problem to the vendor. But after 45 days -- or earlier, if
warranted -- the information will be released to the public, regardless of
whether or not the problem has been fixed, Hernan said.
"The policy is really an attempt to balance the needs of the vendors with those
of the general public," he added.
Releasing Info Questioned
CERT's plan to start making more frequent disclosures of software
vulnerabilities comes at a time when some security experts are questioning the
wisdom of publicly releasing such information.
In a keynote speech at July's Black Hat Briefings security conference in Las
Vegas, for example, security researcher Marcus Ranum charged that the
full-disclosure approach isn't improving computer security. Instead, Ranum said,
it's only encouraging more attacks by providing would-be hackers with
information on how to exploit vulnerabilities to break into systems.
It's a contention that's challenged by security professionals such as Ryan
Russell, an MIS manager at SecurityFocus.com, an online bulletin board and
security portal in San Mateo, Calif. Last year, the SecurityFocus site posted
575 vulnerability reports.
"I'm firmly in the full-disclosure camp," Russell said. Giving users as much
detailed information about vulnerabilities as quickly as possible helps
companies take appropriate action to mitigate risks and protect themselves from
attacks, he added.
"Iwould rather run the risk of having someone exploit a vulnerability I know
about than have them exploit something I don't know about,"agreed Turiel. w

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Computerworld, Inc.


                              717 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

Washington: Alaska Man Sentenced to 216 Months for Attempting to Sexually
Exploit Children in Cambodia

LENGTH: 420 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 An Anchorage, Alaska, man was sentenced for attempting to sexually exploit
children in Cambodia over the course of four years and attempting to arrange a
child sex tourism trip for himself and others to Cambodia, announced Assistant
Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's Criminal
Division and U.S. Attorney Karen L. Loeffler of the District of Alaska.





 Jason Jayavarman, 45, was sentenced yesterday to serve 216 months in prison and
a lifetime term of supervised release by U.S. District Judge Sharon L. Gleason
of the District of Alaska for his March 2015 conviction of attempted sexual
exploitation of children and attempted travel with the intent to engage in
illicit sexual conduct in a foreign place.



 The evidence presented at trial established that over the course of 12 trips to
Cambodia between 2010 and his arrest in 2013, Jayavarman produced multiple
videos of himself engaging in sexual acts with an individual who he believed to
be a child.  Jayavarman then transported the recordings back to the United
States.



 According to trial evidence, Jayavarman also planned a trip for himself and
others to Cambodia for the purpose of engaging in sexual activity with children
as young as 12 years old.  Trial evidence demonstrated that Jayavarman explained
to one of the other potential travelers - who was an undercover FBI agent - how
to groom a child for sex, avoid law enforcement detection and record high
quality "mementos" of the sexual abuse.



 Jayavarman's child exploitation activities came to light following a concerned
citizen's anonymous tip to Crime Stoppers.



 The FBI and the Anchorage Police Department investigated the case.  Trial
Attorney Ravi Sinha of the Criminal Division's Child Exploitation and Obscenity
Section (CEOS) and Assistant U.S. Attorney Audrey J. Renschen of the District of
Alaska prosecuted the case.



 This case was brought as part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide
initiative to combat the growing epidemic of child sexual exploitation and abuse
launched in May 2006 by the Department of Justice.  Led by U.S. Attorneys'
Offices and CEOS, Project Safe Childhood marshals federal, state and local
resources to better locate, apprehend and prosecute individuals who exploit
children via the Internet, as well as to identify and rescue victims.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

Washington: Alaska Man Sentenced to 216 Months for Attempting to Sexually
Exploit Children in Cambodia

LENGTH: 420 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 An Anchorage, Alaska, man was sentenced for attempting to sexually exploit
children in Cambodia over the course of four years and attempting to arrange a
child sex tourism trip for himself and others to Cambodia, announced Assistant
Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's Criminal
Division and U.S. Attorney Karen L. Loeffler of the District of Alaska.





 Jason Jayavarman, 45, was sentenced yesterday to serve 216 months in prison and
a lifetime term of supervised release by U.S. District Judge Sharon L. Gleason
of the District of Alaska for his March 2015 conviction of attempted sexual
exploitation of children and attempted travel with the intent to engage in
illicit sexual conduct in a foreign place.



 The evidence presented at trial established that over the course of 12 trips to
Cambodia between 2010 and his arrest in 2013, Jayavarman produced multiple
videos of himself engaging in sexual acts with an individual who he believed to
be a child.  Jayavarman then transported the recordings back to the United
States.



 According to trial evidence, Jayavarman also planned a trip for himself and
others to Cambodia for the purpose of engaging in sexual activity with children
as young as 12 years old.  Trial evidence demonstrated that Jayavarman explained
to one of the other potential travelers - who was an undercover FBI agent - how
to groom a child for sex, avoid law enforcement detection and record high
quality "mementos" of the sexual abuse.



 Jayavarman's child exploitation activities came to light following a concerned
citizen's anonymous tip to Crime Stoppers.



 The FBI and the Anchorage Police Department investigated the case.  Trial
Attorney Ravi Sinha of the Criminal Division's Child Exploitation and Obscenity
Section (CEOS) and Assistant U.S. Attorney Audrey J. Renschen of the District of
Alaska prosecuted the case.



 This case was brought as part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide
initiative to combat the growing epidemic of child sexual exploitation and abuse
launched in May 2006 by the Department of Justice.  Led by U.S. Attorneys'
Offices and CEOS, Project Safe Childhood marshals federal, state and local
resources to better locate, apprehend and prosecute individuals who exploit
children via the Internet, as well as to identify and rescue victims.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Oregon Ducks are rejuvenated, present huge challenge for Stanford

BYLINE: By Jon Wilner jwilner@mercurynews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking; College Sports; Stanford; News; Football

LENGTH: 620 words


Stanford's record for points in the modern era is 68. For rushing, it's 446
yards. For total offense, it's 693.

One or more of those marks could be relevant Saturday when the Cardinal faces an
opponent that excels at making opponents look good. Oregon yielded 62, 55 and 45
points to three teams (Utah, Arizona State and Washington State, respectively)
that rank below Stanford in scoring.

The Ducks' turnstile defense frames the matchup at Stanford Stadium, where the
seventh-ranked Cardinal (8-1, 7-0) is heavily favored to defeat its North rival,
clinch the division and stay on pace for a potential berth in the College
Football Playoff.

"This is not about what our record is, and it's not about the rankings,''
Stanford coach David Shaw said. "We're healthy; they're healthy. They look
outstanding on film. It will be a heck of a game.''

Unranked Stanford was a big underdog last year in Eugene and got run off the
field in the fourth quarter.

The unranked Ducks (6-3, 4-2) occupy that role this time around. They're
10-point underdogs with seemingly little chance to avoid getting steamrollered
by Stanford's power game.

Err ...

"It'll be close,'' said Pac-12 Networks analyst Nick Aliotti, the former Ducks
defensive coordinator who correctly pegged the flow and outcome of last year's
duel. "Oregon has a great chance to win."

Aliotti believes Stanford's style of offense will mask, rather than exploit,
Oregon's deficiencies: The Ducks struggle in space (tackling and coverage in the
open field), but the Cardinal prefers to keep things bunched at the line of
scrimmage with its use of tight ends and extra offensive linemen.

"If Oregon can't control the line of scrimmage, if Stanford does what it wants
without resistance, then it's all moot,'' Aliotti said. "But I don't think that
will be the case.''

His larger point pertains to the other matchup:

"The key to this game has always been how well Oregon's offense does against
Stanford's defense. The games Oregon has lost haven't been because of its
defense.''

In Stanford's upset of the top-ranked Ducks in 2012, Oregon scored just 14
points.

In Stanford's dominating win in 2013, Oregon didn't score for three quarters.

But in each of the Ducks' three recent victories ('10, '11 and '14), they scored
at least 45 points.

"If Oregon's offense responds like I think they will, they'll put a lot of
pressure on Stanford's defense,'' Aliotti said. "Stanford's weakest position is
its secondary. I think Oregon will try to exploit that.

"It comes down to whether Oregon's offense can move the ball.''

Of late, the Ducks have been in rhythm: They slapped 61 on Arizona State in an
overtime victory and hit Cal for 44 last week while rolling up a school-record
777 yards.

The Quack Attack's resurgence coincides with quarterback Vernon Adams' recovery
from a broken finger. A transfer from Eastern Washington, he has a knack for big
plays, eluding defenders and finding ways to win.

"He's like improvisational jazz,'' Shaw said. "(The play starts) and you don't
know where it's going to end.''

Add tailback Royce Freeman (143 yards per game) and receiver Bralon Addison,
Dwayne Stanford and Darren Carrington to the mix, and the Ducks possess a
stellar collection of playmakers -- the best Stanford has faced since its
mid-September duel with USC.

"Freeman is a beast,'' Stanford linebacker Kevin Anderson said. "All I remember
last year is trying to tackle him and not being able to.

"That's another emphasis. Besides containing the quarterback, we've got to
gang-tackle and be fundamentally sound."

Kickoff time for the Big Game on Nov. 21 is expected to be announced Saturday
night.

For more on college sports, see Jon Wilner's College Hotline at
blogs.mercurynews.com/collegesports .

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EUGENE, OR - NOVEMBER 07: Running back Daniel Lasco #2 of the
California Golden Bears grabs ahold of wide receiver Charles Nelson #6 of the
Oregon Ducks jersey duringg a kick off return in the first quarter of the game
at Autzen Stadium on November 7, 2015 in Eugene, Oregon. (Photo by Steve
Dykes/Getty Images)
EUGENE, OR - NOVEMBER 07: Quarterback Vernon Adams Jr. #3 of the Oregon Ducks
runs for a touchdown during the second quarter of the game against the
California Golden Bears at Autzen Stadium on November 7, 2015 in Eugene, Oregon.
(Photo by Steve Dykes/Getty Images)
Stanford quarterback Kevin Hogan throws a pass against Colorado in the first
half of an NCAA football game Saturday, Nov. 7, 2015, in Boulder, Colo. (AP
Photo/David Zalubowski)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 2, 2004, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Navy's fan base flourishes in tiny Indiana town

BYLINE: Jack Carey

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 245 words

Attica, Ind., is about 650 miles from Annapolis, Md., but Josh Smith's fans in
the western Indiana burg with a population of about 3,500 have been quite a bit
closer than that to the Navy safety during his football career.

Smith, the Midshipmen's senior co-captain, had a storied career in football and
basketball at Attica High. Interest in his Navy exploits is so keen that his
hometown radio station, WFWR, has been part of the Navy network the last three
years, bringing the exploits of Smith and his teammates to his friends and
family.

Station President John Dill, who says non-commercial WFWR has a potential
listenership of about 10,000, wrote to Naval Academy athletics department
officials proposing the idea before Smith's sophomore season.

The station did Attica High games when Smith, as a senior, led the school's
football team to a state runner-up finish and the basketball team to an Indiana
Class A title.

"A lot of friends that I graduated from high school with have let me know that
they're listening," Smith says. Some tune in on the station's Web site,
atticaonline.com, where a Webcast is available.

"It's kind of a continuation of those state championship days," Dill says.
"Everybody has turned into Navy fans."

Smith says the arrangement led to some ribbing from teammates. "I get made fun
of, but really it's a pretty big deal," Smith says. "It's really a privilege,
and it helps a lot of people in town follow us."

LOAD-DATE: December 02, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              721 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 16, 2010 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

The Open Forum

SECTION: Pg. B-11

LENGTH: 884 words


Human trafficking and the case of Ruth Tsehaye

Re: "Prosecutor trafficks in unreality," March 7 Susan Greene column.

Susan Greene's column seems to suggest that anybody can simply trump up
accusations just to obtain immigration status. As an attorney who regularly
represents immigrant crime victims, including victims of human trafficking, I
can assure Ms. Greene that the government rigorously scrutinizes such
applications. The Department of Homeland Security requires documentation,
corroboration and scrutinizes the background of such applicants. I do not have
firsthand knowledge about the Tsehaye case and thus have no specific comment
about it. However, Ms. Greene's comments undermine the purpose of the crime
victim visas, which is to encourage victims to come out of the shadows and
report crimes, regardless of immigration status. This in turn improves public
safety for the community at large. If victims obtain status, it's because they
had proof they were victimized. Publicly maligning individuals who come forward
will only serve to drive victims underground and allow exploitation to continue.

Patricia Medige, Denver

The writer is a senior attorney for Colorado Legal Services.

I am the case manager for all cases of international human trafficking in the
state of Colorado. It's a sad fact that traffickers and individuals who set out
to exploit their fellow human beings will regularly use the tactics that Susan
Greene described in her article. One such tactic that we see commonly in cases
of domestic servitude is to photograph the victim in everyday scenes so as to
give the impression that the victim is a willing participant in their schemes.
If you went to someone's home and saw a person chained to a bed, you would be
horrified and ask lots of questions. If the trafficker hides the victim in plain
sight by forcing their victims to interact with their family members and
friends, one would pay much less attention and so the victim would go unnoticed.
Ruth Teshaye, like many other individuals who exploit women and children, was
clever from the beginning and took photographs and videos just to prepare for
the day that her victim would be unwilling to suffer further torment.

Lauren Croucher, Denver

The writer is human trafficking project manager for the Colorado Organization
for Victim Assistance.

----------------------------------------

Colorado Senate race:

Bennet vs. Romanoff

It's both sad and wonderful that the Democrats have two extremely high-quality
candidates to choose between at the caucus today. Either could represent us well
in Washington. The more interesting issue to consider is the possible effect on
our national illness if we actually elect someone who we know is a wizard at
getting things done across party lines. Andrew Romanoff's leadership in our
legislature proved that such cooperation is possible and effective. Washington
needs that kind of role model.

The other interesting thing to consider, besides Romanoff's ready reputation and
popularity among independent Coloradans, is the possible message to the country
if we actually elect our representative on merit alone, rather than all the
moneyed advertising we usually see. Romanoff is running on personal appearances,
rejecting the corporate funding people expect in campaigns.

Maybe we could slow corporate spending on campaigns a bit if we prove to the
nation that money doesn't rule our thinking. Andrew Romanoff could send that
message.

Nancy Kratohvil, Centennial

I'm puzzled by one thing. Sen. Michael Bennet is currently serving in the Senate
and doing an excellent job. He has shown initiative and strength in working to
enact health care reform. He has built solid working relationships within the
Senate and with President Obama. He is a solid, intelligent, hard-

working man who has come to know the Senate and our federal government well. Now
Andrew Romanoff wants to replace him. I respect our former House Speaker but
fail to understand why voters would switch horses in the middle of the stream
when the horse we're on is doing extremely well.

Audrey Brodt, Littleton

---------------------------------------- Doctors: Don't delay health reform any
longer Doctors feel the consequences of unavailable or unaffordable health
insurance every day. Uninsured and underinsured patients forgo needed care,
turning treatable conditions into complex and expensive health care events. Many
can't get insurance due to pre-existing conditions or overpriced individual
plans. Our fragmented health insurance system creates administrative burden for
patients and doctors alike, but does little toward improving quality,
communications, or overall health in America. Our patients are seeing
double-digit insurance premium increases and skyrocketing deductibles. More and
more, they cannot afford to come to the doctor.

Delaying health insurance reform would unnecessarily perpetuate lack of access
to health care, financial hardship, and suffering. We urge passage of federal
health care reform legislation immediately and call for continued executive
evaluation and creative legislation until all Americans have access to
affordable quality health care.

Carol Blackard, M.D., Centennial

This letter was signed by more than 100 Colorado physicians. For a list of
names, go to blogs.denverpost.com/eletters.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             June 8, 2006 Thursday
                                  ROP Edition

SNEAK PREVIEW;
What's Opening this Week;
THE OMEN

BYLINE: Al Alexander

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 374 words


This almost scene-for-scene remake of David Seltzer's original script may be in
for a devil of a time if audiences reject it as they did this season's other
remake of a popular 1970s movie, "Poseidon." But the cast does sound impressive
with Liev Schreiber and Julia Stiles playing the distraught, and endangered,
parents of an orphan whose birth father allegedly came fully equipped with horns
and a pointy tail. Mia Farrow co-stars along with Seamus Davey-Fitzpatrick, as
the infamous Damon - oops, sorry - Damien.

CARS Along with death and taxes, you can add Pixar flicks as a sure thing in
life. "Cars," the latest extravaganza from the computer animation whizzes,
should be no different. Featuring the voices of Owen Wilson, Paul Newman, Bonnie
Hunt, Larry the Cable Guy and Richard Petty, "Cars" follows the exploits of a
hot-shot young race car that gets waylaid in a backwater along a dilapidated
stretch of Route 66 and learns valuable lessons about patience and respect. A
PRAIRIE HOME COMPANION At 81, Robert Altman may have already picked up his
lifetime achievement Oscar, but he's by no means done as a relevant director.
Early word is that this folksy tribute to Garrison Keillor's popular radio
program is one of his best efforts. An endeavor, ably assisted by an all-star
cast that includes Keillor (who also wrote the script), Tommy Lee Jones, Meryl
Streep, Kevin Kline, Virginia Madsen, Lily Tomlin and Lindsay Lohan. The
backstage story follows the exploits and tragedies that befall the cast as it
prepares for its final broadcast. ALSO OPENING "LADY VENGEANCE" - A betrayed
ex-con (Lee Yeong-ae) seeks revenge on the man (Choi Min-sik), who landed her in
prison 13 years earlier, and does so with the help of her friends behind bars.
It's the third in Park Chanwook's revenge trilogy. "GIULIANI TIME" - Since Sept.
11, Rudy Giuliani has approached sainthood in the eyes of many Americans. But
Kevin Keating's documentary looks at the many controversies the former New York
mayor stirred before that fateful day. "CLEAN" - Maggie Cheung portrays a
recovering drug addict trying to reconnect with the 6-year-old son she was
forced to cede to her conservative in-laws (Nick Nolte, Martha Henry).

- Al Alexander The Patriot Ledger

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Patriot Ledger


                              723 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 25, 1994, Monday, City Edition

Spotlight finds Floyd 49ers' first draft pick

BYLINE: ERNEST HOOPER

SECTION: SPORTS; NFL DRAFT; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 446 words



For two years, Florida State fullback William Floyd was an afterthought in  the
Seminoles' fastbreak offense.

But San Francisco thought enough of Floyd to make him the 28th selection  Sunday
in the NFL draft. Now Floyd will make a run with a team known for its  unique
deployment of fullbacks. The St. Petersburg native was at his  Tallahassee
apartment when he received the telephone call from 49ers  officials.

"I was very happy that I was drafted by an offense that can exploit my
talents," Floyd said over the din of celebratory shouts from family and
friends. "I thanked them because they can exploit me as opposed to a team  that
doesn't really use a fullback."

The Lakewood High graduate rushed for only 640 yards in his career at  Florida
State but received high grades for his blocking and 40-yard speed.

He is the third Lakewood player in four years to be tabbed in the first two
rounds. Washington took Tom Carter via Notre Dame in the first round last  year,
and the Rams picked Pat Terrell out of Notre Dame in the second round in  1990.

Sunday, San Francisco coach George Seifert was thinking defense with the  28th
pick but went with Floyd. "There's no question some defensive players  came off
the board that we would have liked to have," Seifert told the  Associated Press.
"So we got the point where we said, "Here, this is an  outstanding player that's
still available. Let's take him.' "

The 49ers expect to lose eight-year incumbent fullback Tom Rathman to free
agency, so Floyd could challenge Marc Logan for the job.

Floyd will join FSU alumni Amp Lee and Dexter Carter in San Francisco. He
talked to Lee about playing for the 49ers. "I talked to Amp two months ago,  and
he told me the 49ers really like me," Floyd said.

While happy to be with San Francisco, the nearly five-hour wait was full of
anxiety for Floyd, a 6-foot-1, 238-pounder. He thought he was going to Kansas
City when ESPN's Chris Berman suggested that possibility, but the Chiefs'  opted
for Texas A&M running back Greg Hill.

"It was getting to the point where I was just going to lay down and not do
anything," Floyd said. "If Washington didn't select me with the 31st pick I  was
going to go to my room and wait until someone picked me and let my mama  come
tell me."

Floyd's selection extends a 13-year streak for the state's three Division I
schools. Since 1981, at least one player from FSU, Florida or Miami has been
selected in the first round.

Florida's Errict Rhett was considered a first-round possibility but went in  the
second round to the Bucs. Buffalo picked FSU tight end Lonnie Johnson 61st
overall.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; William Floyd

                            Times Publishing Company


                              724 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                            October 8, 2013 Tuesday

Unmanned donkey' rigs set for North Sea by 2016

BYLINE: Erikka Askeland

LENGTH: 549  words


The world's first unmanned production platforms are expected to start producing
oil from the North Sea by 2016.

The floating platforms will be developed by engineering giant Amec, which
yesterday signed a "memorandum of understanding" with Unmanned Production Buoy
(UPB) to develop three platforms.

They will be similar to the "nodding donkey" automated rigs seen in North
America.

The concept is the brainchild of UPB's founder and chairman, Richard Selwa. For
the past seven years, he has been devising a method to exploit small offshore
oil finds - either "tail-end resources" or fields that have been uneconomic to
develop with fully manned rigs.

UPB's unmanned buoy is similar to the concept used to pump crude from land. The
engineer came up with the idea after seeing donkey rigs pumping oil from the
ground in the US state of Wyoming.

The impact for the North Sea could be vast. Mr Selwa estimates there are two
billion barrels still to be produced in the UK as part of the offshore oil and
gas fields his rigs could exploit.

The deal with Amec means the company can forge ahead with "project Hoy", a £765
million plan to extract oil from the UK North Sea using the automated buoys.

UPB has also signed agreements with oil explorers in the Irish Sea and in Danish
waters. In October, it was awarded licences to exploit a series of North Sea
fields formerly operated by oil giant Hess. UPB expects to have its first
unmanned platform in the Angus field in less than three years.

The unmanned buoys address the growing problem of discoveries that are too small
to be economic or that have been depleted by the oil majors. Most of the North
Sea's main fields have already been discovered, which means only smaller or
"stranded" fields tend to be left.

Mr Selwa claims unmanned buoys cost 60 per cent less than floating production
rigs used in "marginal" fields. He also claims they have an "inherently low
safety risk".

Stranded fields that are not close enough to existing pipeline infrastructure
can also benefit, as the unmanned rig is designed to connect to oil tankers.

Mr Selwa said: "Our UPB solution makes many late-life and marginal field
offshore assets economically viable.

"The UPB concept provides  an attractive solution when capital-intensive options
such as Floating Production Storage and Offload (FPSO) vessels and manned
installations are uneconomic."

Alan Johnstone, of Amec, said: "This exciting concept will help push the
boundaries of offshore oil and gas technology in the UK North Sea and beyond."

Mr Selwa's company started developing a small prototype of the buoy in 2010 with
the Industry Technology Facilitator based at the Aberdeen Science & Energy Park.
That same year, the firm received some £500,000 in funding from the Scottish
Government through its Young Innovative Entrepreneur grant.

The firm eventually aims to build 100 or so systems for use in European waters
and elsewhere.

UPB is seeking a "world first", but it is in a race with two Aberdeen firms to
bring unmanned oil platforms into use. Advanced Buoy Technology (ABT) has been
developing an unmanned production buoy with engineering company Wood Group.

ABT has joined forces with explorer Enegi Oil to use the technology to develop
currently unviable fields in the North Sea known as the Fyne prospect.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                            October 8, 2013 Tuesday

Unmanned donkey' rigs set for North Sea by 2016

BYLINE: Erikka Askeland

LENGTH: 549  words


The world's first unmanned production platforms are expected to start producing
oil from the North Sea by 2016.

The floating platforms will be developed by engineering giant Amec, which
yesterday signed a "memorandum of understanding" with Unmanned Production Buoy
(UPB) to develop three platforms.

They will be similar to the "nodding donkey" automated rigs seen in North
America.

The concept is the brainchild of UPB's founder and chairman, Richard Selwa. For
the past seven years, he has been devising a method to exploit small offshore
oil finds - either "tail-end resources" or fields that have been uneconomic to
develop with fully manned rigs.

UPB's unmanned buoy is similar to the concept used to pump crude from land. The
engineer came up with the idea after seeing donkey rigs pumping oil from the
ground in the US state of Wyoming.

The impact for the North Sea could be vast. Mr Selwa estimates there are two
billion barrels still to be produced in the UK as part of the offshore oil and
gas fields his rigs could exploit.

The deal with Amec means the company can forge ahead with "project Hoy", a £765
million plan to extract oil from the UK North Sea using the automated buoys.

UPB has also signed agreements with oil explorers in the Irish Sea and in Danish
waters. In October, it was awarded licences to exploit a series of North Sea
fields formerly operated by oil giant Hess. UPB expects to have its first
unmanned platform in the Angus field in less than three years.

The unmanned buoys address the growing problem of discoveries that are too small
to be economic or that have been depleted by the oil majors. Most of the North
Sea's main fields have already been discovered, which means only smaller or
"stranded" fields tend to be left.

Mr Selwa claims unmanned buoys cost 60 per cent less than floating production
rigs used in "marginal" fields. He also claims they have an "inherently low
safety risk".

Stranded fields that are not close enough to existing pipeline infrastructure
can also benefit, as the unmanned rig is designed to connect to oil tankers.

Mr Selwa said: "Our UPB solution makes many late-life and marginal field
offshore assets economically viable.

"The UPB concept provides  an attractive solution when capital-intensive options
such as Floating Production Storage and Offload (FPSO) vessels and manned
installations are uneconomic."

Alan Johnstone, of Amec, said: "This exciting concept will help push the
boundaries of offshore oil and gas technology in the UK North Sea and beyond."

Mr Selwa's company started developing a small prototype of the buoy in 2010 with
the Industry Technology Facilitator based at the Aberdeen Science & Energy Park.
That same year, the firm received some £500,000 in funding from the Scottish
Government through its Young Innovative Entrepreneur grant.

The firm eventually aims to build 100 or so systems for use in European waters
and elsewhere.

UPB is seeking a "world first", but it is in a race with two Aberdeen firms to
bring unmanned oil platforms into use. Advanced Buoy Technology (ABT) has been
developing an unmanned production buoy with engineering company Wood Group.

ABT has joined forces with explorer Enegi Oil to use the technology to develop
currently unviable fields in the North Sea known as the Fyne prospect.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                            October 8, 2013 Tuesday

Unmanned donkey' rigs set for North Sea by 2016

BYLINE: Erikka Askeland

LENGTH: 549  words


The world's first unmanned production platforms are expected to start producing
oil from the North Sea by 2016.

The floating platforms will be developed by engineering giant Amec, which
yesterday signed a "memorandum of understanding" with Unmanned Production Buoy
(UPB) to develop three platforms.

They will be similar to the "nodding donkey" automated rigs seen in North
America.

The concept is the brainchild of UPB's founder and chairman, Richard Selwa. For
the past seven years, he has been devising a method to exploit small offshore
oil finds - either "tail-end resources" or fields that have been uneconomic to
develop with fully manned rigs.

UPB's unmanned buoy is similar to the concept used to pump crude from land. The
engineer came up with the idea after seeing donkey rigs pumping oil from the
ground in the US state of Wyoming.

The impact for the North Sea could be vast. Mr Selwa estimates there are two
billion barrels still to be produced in the UK as part of the offshore oil and
gas fields his rigs could exploit.

The deal with Amec means the company can forge ahead with "project Hoy", a £765
million plan to extract oil from the UK North Sea using the automated buoys.

UPB has also signed agreements with oil explorers in the Irish Sea and in Danish
waters. In October, it was awarded licences to exploit a series of North Sea
fields formerly operated by oil giant Hess. UPB expects to have its first
unmanned platform in the Angus field in less than three years.

The unmanned buoys address the growing problem of discoveries that are too small
to be economic or that have been depleted by the oil majors. Most of the North
Sea's main fields have already been discovered, which means only smaller or
"stranded" fields tend to be left.

Mr Selwa claims unmanned buoys cost 60 per cent less than floating production
rigs used in "marginal" fields. He also claims they have an "inherently low
safety risk".

Stranded fields that are not close enough to existing pipeline infrastructure
can also benefit, as the unmanned rig is designed to connect to oil tankers.

Mr Selwa said: "Our UPB solution makes many late-life and marginal field
offshore assets economically viable.

"The UPB concept provides  an attractive solution when capital-intensive options
such as Floating Production Storage and Offload (FPSO) vessels and manned
installations are uneconomic."

Alan Johnstone, of Amec, said: "This exciting concept will help push the
boundaries of offshore oil and gas technology in the UK North Sea and beyond."

Mr Selwa's company started developing a small prototype of the buoy in 2010 with
the Industry Technology Facilitator based at the Aberdeen Science & Energy Park.
That same year, the firm received some £500,000 in funding from the Scottish
Government through its Young Innovative Entrepreneur grant.

The firm eventually aims to build 100 or so systems for use in European waters
and elsewhere.

UPB is seeking a "world first", but it is in a race with two Aberdeen firms to
bring unmanned oil platforms into use. Advanced Buoy Technology (ABT) has been
developing an unmanned production buoy with engineering company Wood Group.

ABT has joined forces with explorer Enegi Oil to use the technology to develop
currently unviable fields in the North Sea known as the Fyne prospect.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                              June 29, 2012 Friday

Icy exploit comes to stage

BYLINE: By Jeremy D. Goodwin, Special to the Eagle

SECTION: WEEKEND; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 735 words


Friday June 29, 2012

LENOX - The idea didn't exactly come in a vision, but it wasn't wholly planned
either.

"I dreamed one night that Michael was standing on top of a giant Xerox machine,
being covered in paper. The next day I watched a BBC special on Shackleton,"
says Split Knuckle Theatre artistic director Greg Webster of fellow troupe
member Michael Toomey and famed Antarctic explorer Sir Ernest Shackleton.

From those twin inspirations came the first vague stirrings of "Endurance," a
four-man show opening at Shakespeare & Company tonight. The play, produced by
Split Knuckle Theatre, runs at the Founders' Theatre through July 15 between
other engagements around the country and overseas.

Fast-paced and filled with humor, 'Endurance' takes a look at Shackleton's best-
remembered exploit - keeping his entire crew of 27 men alive until their rescue
from a disastrous shipwreck in the Antarctic in which their ship was crushed by
ice - through the prism of the recent financial crisis. The play jumps between
time periods, as the cast of Webster, Toomey, Andrew Grusetskie and Jason Bohon
make much of a few basic stage props and the well- oiled precision they've honed
through years of working at Split Knuckle and touring this show, which recently
traveled to France and Athens and heads for Frankfurt in September.

Early into their brainstorming process in residence at the University of
Connecticut in the fall of 2008, the actors saw news reports of the collapse of
Lehman Brothers and the other financial calamities that marked the time. That
instantly added focus to their concept, in which parallels are drawn between the
exploits of Shackleton's crew and a present- day insurance company middle
manager named Walter, who struggles with directives from his bosses to cut
costs, lay off employees and do whatever is possible to keep the company afloat.

Along the way, Walter draws inspiration from Shackleton's leadership style, and
the two storylines careen closer together. The actors, all highly trained in
physical theater, swiftly switch between time periods and settings with merely a
few low tables, trash cans and other basic props. In one sequence, trash cans
morph from the beating drums of irate employees to a lifegiving fire on the ice
flow.

Off- balance tables evoke unstable ice floes.

Walter is played by Toomey, familiar to Berkshire audiences as a long- time S&
Co. member, b e s t known for comedic work grounded in his intense study of
theatrical clowning - his turn as the title character of "Scapin" at S&Co.'s
outdoor Rose Footprint Theatre in 2007 being a prime example.

"I love TV and movies, and they can do things that live theater can't do. But in
live theater we can create a social experience for our audience. We can give
them just enough to tell the story so their imaginations take them to the
Antarctic," Toomey says.

"I think there's a desire in our community to have large, participatory social
events."

The play's composition was a collaboration among the actors and writer Nick
Ryan. It's highly informed by research into Shackleton as well as contemporary
office life. ( Bohon, for instance, interviewed friends who work in the
insurance industry, as well as tapping into his own summer-long stint in such an
office.) Though the production now "runs like a Swiss watch," Webster says, it
came together through some inspired chaos.

"We liken it a lot to how well-schooled jazz musicians come together. Everyone
knows 'Take the A Train,' but when you get everybody in the room you can start
playing that theme and different things come up. These guys are all very skilled
artists so it is easy to just jam together," Webster says of his company's
process.

The actors' rapport is evident, and their familiarity with the piece is intense
- they arrived in Lenox with two full days to perform technical rehearsals,
adapting to the thrust configuration of the Founders' stage, and then open the
doors to the public on the third day.

Grusetskie says the heart of the company's work, which also includes a
well-regarded adaptation of John Steinbeck's "The Pearl," is motion - among
actors, set pieces, and the story itself.

"Most of what we do comes out of some sort of trying to find the movement in
things - the movement in a story, in a character, in a prop or a set piece," he
explains. "How can we relate in space with this thing? Once we find that, things
grow out of it."

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Echo (NewsQuest)

                             January 4, 2008 Friday

How I became a competition king

BYLINE: Claire Borley

SECTION: SOUTHEND NEWS (SOUTHEND NEWS)

LENGTH: 532 words


LADY luck and Geoff Fulton have struck up quite a friendship - and it just goes
to show how the fickle finger of fate moves in mysterious ways.

Geoff underwent a kidney transplant and although it saved his life, it forced
him into early retirement from his job as an environmental health officer, in
1999.

Bored and fed-up with life at home, Geoff became a "comper" - the nickname given
to those who regularly enter competitions.

It wasn't long before luck worked its magic, setting Geoff and his wife Jackie
on their globe-trotting exploits.

Recalling the life-changing moment in 1999, Geoff, 58, of Mountbatten Drive,
Shoebury, said: "I saw an advert for a competition and thought I would give it a
go."

Much to the amazement of his wife, Geoff won the competition for a holiday of a
lifetime in Los Angeles and his career as a comper was born.

He said: "When I called Jackie at work to tell her I'd won, she didn't believe
me. She insisted I took the letter to work so she could see for herself."

Since then, Geoff has won holidays to Disneyland, Jamaica, New York, San
Francisco, Chicago and Paris.

In fact, he's won so many holidays he and Jackie have only had to pay for two
holidays since 1999 - and one of those was for their son's wedding in Italy.

Geoff said: "Winning the first competition gave me the incentive to carry on. I
was bitten by the bug!"

One of their holiday highlights has been a dream trip to Australia, to coincide
with the Sydney Olympics. Geoff now enters up to 200 competitions a week, many
of which he finds listed in Competitors Companion, a subscription-only
newsletter for dedicated compers.

The competitions range from lucky draws to slogan competitions, which Geoff says
require a bit of skill to complete.

He said: "At first I entered everything and anything, but now I focus mainly on
slogan competitions as I love the challenge of coming up with a winning line."

His own personal favourite winning slogan so far is: "When I've learnt those
gourmet tips, I'll stop serving egg and chips." This one netted him a gourmet
holiday to the south of France.

As well as countless holidays, Geoff has also amassed mountain bikes, an Xbox
games console, patio heaters, a jukebox, several barbecues, DVD players, digital
cameras, supermarket vouchers and cash.

His exploits as a compere have also won them a car on New Year's Eve three years
ago. Jackie said: "It was a Volkswagen Polo, which we have only just sold now.
It was a great little car and a great start to the New Year when we won it."

Jackie herself now has the odd dabble in comping since her husband's success.

She said: "It is good fun. Geoff keeps an A4 diary of the competitions he has
entered and the dates they are drawn. But he's getting a bit picky now with the
ones he enters."

Geoff, a father-of-three and grandfather-of-four, also likes to share his
successes and often gives prizes to family and friends.

He says: "I won a trip to Disneyland Paris for my granddaughter which was
special."

He also donates some of the prizes his has won to Southend Hospital renal unit
for their annual Christmas raffle, as it was where he was treated.

He added: "It's my way of saying thank you for everything they did for me."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Echo (NewsQuest)

                             January 4, 2008 Friday

How I became a competition king

BYLINE: Claire Borley

SECTION: SOUTHEND NEWS

LENGTH: 532 words


LADY luck and Geoff Fulton have struck up quite a friendship - and it just goes
to show how the fickle finger of fate moves in mysterious ways.

Geoff underwent a kidney transplant and although it saved his life, it forced
him into early retirement from his job as an environmental health officer, in
1999.

Bored and fed-up with life at home, Geoff became a "comper" - the nickname given
to those who regularly enter competitions.

It wasn't long before luck worked its magic, setting Geoff and his wife Jackie
on their globe-trotting exploits.

Recalling the life-changing moment in 1999, Geoff, 58, of Mountbatten Drive,
Shoebury, said: "I saw an advert for a competition and thought I would give it a
go."

Much to the amazement of his wife, Geoff won the competition for a holiday of a
lifetime in Los Angeles and his career as a comper was born.

He said: "When I called Jackie at work to tell her I'd won, she didn't believe
me. She insisted I took the letter to work so she could see for herself."

Since then, Geoff has won holidays to Disneyland, Jamaica, New York, San
Francisco, Chicago and Paris.

In fact, he's won so many holidays he and Jackie have only had to pay for two
holidays since 1999 - and one of those was for their son's wedding in Italy.

Geoff said: "Winning the first competition gave me the incentive to carry on. I
was bitten by the bug!"

One of their holiday highlights has been a dream trip to Australia, to coincide
with the Sydney Olympics. Geoff now enters up to 200 competitions a week, many
of which he finds listed in Competitors Companion, a subscription-only
newsletter for dedicated compers.

The competitions range from lucky draws to slogan competitions, which Geoff says
require a bit of skill to complete.

He said: "At first I entered everything and anything, but now I focus mainly on
slogan competitions as I love the challenge of coming up with a winning line."

His own personal favourite winning slogan so far is: "When I've learnt those
gourmet tips, I'll stop serving egg and chips." This one netted him a gourmet
holiday to the south of France.

As well as countless holidays, Geoff has also amassed mountain bikes, an Xbox
games console, patio heaters, a jukebox, several barbecues, DVD players, digital
cameras, supermarket vouchers and cash.

His exploits as a compere have also won them a car on New Year's Eve three years
ago. Jackie said: "It was a Volkswagen Polo, which we have only just sold now.
It was a great little car and a great start to the New Year when we won it."

Jackie herself now has the odd dabble in comping since her husband's success.

She said: "It is good fun. Geoff keeps an A4 diary of the competitions he has
entered and the dates they are drawn. But he's getting a bit picky now with the
ones he enters."

Geoff, a father-of-three and grandfather-of-four, also likes to share his
successes and often gives prizes to family and friends.

He says: "I won a trip to Disneyland Paris for my granddaughter which was
special."

He also donates some of the prizes his has won to Southend Hospital renal unit
for their annual Christmas raffle, as it was where he was treated.

He added: "It's my way of saying thank you for everything they did for me."

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               SUNDAY MAIL (QLD)

                            February 21, 1993 Sunday

CREATIONISTS RENEW BATTLE

SOURCE: QNP

LENGTH: 488 words


Creationists renew battle A LTHOUGH slowed by a 1987 Supreme Court ruling that
""creat ion science" is religious dogma, efforts to have creationism taught in
schools on an equal footing with evolution theory have sprung back to life.

Creationists have adopted new tactics _ concentrating on local school boards
rather than national arenas for their arguments _ and are repackaging old
arguments to exploit loopholes in the law, the nation's chief observer of
creationism said.

Eugenie Scott, director of the National Centre for Science Education in
Berkeley, California, said that despite the protection of the Supreme Court
ruling and subsequent lower court decisions, many teachers are ""very skittish"
about teaching evolution. The session she led at the meeting of the American
Association for the Advancement of Science last week was intended as a wake-up
call, she said, because many academics were unaware of the revival of
creationism.

The centre, financed by foundation grants, keeps tabs on the
creationist-evolutionist battle and provides help to teachers when students or
parents challenge evolution theory.

In the past year or two, she said, the religious right has won several political
victories, giving creationists a new base of power.

And anti-evolutionists have published sophisticated attacks on evolution,
including a book that has sold well, Darwin on Trial, by law professor Phillip
Johnson of University of California.

Schools in New England have felt little impact from the debate, say science
teachers.

The reason apparently is largely one of demographics: There are few
concentrations of conservative Christians, for one thing.

For another, many New Englanders are Catholic.

The Catholic Church has no argument with evolution theory.

In Vermont, however, one creationist member of the Blue Mountain Union district
school board last autumn pushed through a motion requiring the teaching of
creationism.

I T quickly was rescinded after the A merican Civil Liberties Union told the
district the motion was illegal and would invite lawsuits.

A major tactic of the ""new anti-evolutionism" consists of repackaging old
arguments to exploit loopholes in the court ruling, said William Thwaites, a
biology professor at San Diego State University.

One author is promoting an ""abrupt appearance theory", Prof Thwaites said.

With religious references eliminated, the theory masquerades as pure science,
stating only that the universe and all life simply sprang into existence all of
a sudden. Creationists also seek to exploit disagreements among biologists, Prof
Thwaites said.

Nearly all scientists agree that today's life forms evolved over time, although
debate continues over exactly what forces drive evolution. Yet creationist
attacks have generated ""a tremendous amount of support among schoolteachers for
this sentiment, that evolution is on shaky grounds", Prof Thwaites said.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SML

                   Copyright 1993 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              731 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Indiana Lawyer

                                October 26, 2011

AG says stricter stance needed;
Efforts begin to toughen human trafficking laws before Super Bowl

LENGTH: 1157 words


AG says stricter stance needed Efforts begin to toughen human trafficking laws
before Super Bowl

In 2012, Indianapolis will host its first Super Bowl. As businesses eagerly
prepare to reap the profits that come along with the influx of fans, Indiana
Attorney General Greg Zoeller is preparing for the worst.

Zoeller is pushing for legislation that will increase the scope of Indiana's
human trafficking laws in an effort to crack down on adults who profit from
child prostitution. A draft of the revisions to Indiana Code 11-8-8-4.5 and I.C.
35-42-3.5-1 was presented to the Criminal Code Evaluation Commission on Oct. 19,
and Zoeller aims to rush the proposed changes through the Legislature before the
big game comes to town.

Human rights advocates see this initiative as a step in the right direction,
while some people have scoffed at the assertion that human trafficking is a
problem associated with the Super Bowl, or that it's even a problem in the
United States. But the U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that more than
500 people fell prey to human traffickers between 2008 and 2010, the majority of
them children. Even more surprising to some people - the majority of them were
born and raised in this country.

Understanding trafficking

Indiana Deputy Attorney General Abigail Kuzma said that human trafficking is not
a problem specific to the Super Bowl.

"It's any large event - just to be really frank about it - where you have a
number of men who are looking for a party," Kuzma said. But the Super Bowl
presents a prime opportunity for the attorney general's office to draw attention
to the problem.

A study, conducted by Richard Estes and Neil Alan Weiner of the University of
Pennsylvania School of Social Work Center for the Study of Youth Policy,
reported that on average, most females who work as prostitutes begin doing so
between the ages of 12 and 14. The study reports that while pedophiles are the
most likely to sexually exploit children, a group the study called "transient
males" - which includes truck drivers, members of the military, seasonal workers
and convention attendees - is the secondmost likely to sexually exploit
children.

Carollann Braum, who earned her LLM in International Human Rights Law from the
University of Notre Dame Law School, said that the public may not understand
that some females are coerced or forced into prostitution.

"You can have prostitutes or sex workers who are there voluntarily on their own
free will, and then you can have trafficking victims side-by-side," she said.
"It's difficult because human trafficking has to be determined on a caseby-case
basis."

Kuzma said many victims of trafficking may not self-identify as victims,
especially if they were lured into prostitution at a young age. They tend to
share characteristics that make them easier to control - like having broken
relationships with their families, drug habits or, in the case of women and
children who are brought in from other countries, the inability to speak the
language or know where to turn for help.

"It's important for people to know that it is happening right here, right now,"
Kuzma said. "We have identified victims, we have rescued victims. And I think
people are just shocked ... we're not talking about people being chained in
rooms necessarily - although that has happened. You can manipulate someone very
effectively with fear," she said.

Prevention

In 2010, Christian Brothers Investment Services, an investment firm for Catholic
institutions, issued a call to action for hotels in South Africa prior to the
FIFA World Cup. CBIS urged hotels to educate hotel workers about the signs of
human trafficking and to sign "The Code" - a pledge that travel and tourism
companies can adopt to demonstrate opposition to human trafficking. Hotels may
be havens for traffickers who try to isolate their victims from the public as
much as possible.

On Oct. 5, federal investigators assumed control of a case in California where a
couple allegedly had forced three females - two 16-year-olds and one 19-year-old
- to work as prostitutes in a South San Francisco hotel. The captives were
discovered after a tipster alerted police to a possible runaway staying at the
hotel.

Kuzma said that hotels can help play a role in identifying victims, and that's
why the attorney general's office hopes to do more to educate hotels about the
signs of human trafficking.

"We are hoping to be able to set up training with hotel workers. They already
are going to have a little bit of training on a kind of written Internet level
that we drafted earlier," she said. "We would like to do much more than that."

Kuzma said hotel workers, taxi drivers, hospital workers and others can be on
the lookout for signs that may indicate someone is a victim of trafficking.
Victims will not have possession of their own identification documents or money
and they may seem fearful or uncommunicative at hospitals and be accompanied by
someone who is not a family member.

"You'd be surprised at the number of cases where the tip-offs are from
neighbors, ordinary people who notice something is just not right," Kuzma said.

Laws and attitudes

Braum said while human traffickers - both traffickers in the sex trade or in
forced labor - can be prosecuted under federal laws, states that align laws with
federal statutes may have more options for maximizing penalties for traffickers.

"Most states do have laws on the books, but a lot of them aren't as effective or
aren't being used as effectively as they could be," Braum said. State laws may
also be easier to enforce, or at least may expedite arrest locally.

Historically, prostitution, and its causes, has not been a high priority for law
enforcement, Kuzma said. Adult women may still be treated as criminals,
regardless of whether they've been forced into prostitution, and the customers -
or "johns" - don't suffer any meaningful consequences for their actions.

"A lot of times they are released on their own recognizance, but then if you do
that, maybe you can't find out if she's a trafficking victim," Kuzma said.
"There's been some significant research done about the deterrence of johns and
their use of prostitutes ... and certainly, significant fines, jail time - all
those things are effective. The fact that we don't even slap anybody's hands is
not helpful at all."

Under Indiana law, solicitation of a minor is a crime, but Zoeller aims to
remedy what he calls a loophole in the law that fails to separately address
people who profit from the sale of sex with minors. A new draft of the proposed
legislation is expected to be presented to the Criminal Code Evaluation
Commission on Nov. 2.

Kuzma said that she hopes the public will begin to realize that prostitution is
not a victimless crime.

"As we raise awareness, we're thinking of long-term and not short-term," she
said. "'Prostitution is the oldest profession - wink, wink - that's not the
right attitude here."

* 19IL/2011/10/26

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                         Copyright 2011 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           August 19, 2009 Wednesday

USA not keen to exploit post-war Liberia's resources - Congressman Butterfield

LENGTH: 409 words


Text of report by Liberian non-state station Star Radio website on 17 August

A five-member United States congressional delegation visiting Liberia has
expressed interest in the investment climate of the country.

The US congressional delegation said investing in post-war Liberia would help
revitalize its broken sectors.

The delegation headed by Congressman George Butterfield made specific reference
to the energy sector of Liberia. Mr Butterfield described Liberia as an emerging
economy which has a promising future that the world can benefit from.

The delegation also spoke of plans to help upgrade the standards of the Freeport
of Monrovia, the Roberts International Airport and other facilities in the
country.

The team lauded the UP [Unity Party]-led government for what it calls putting
Liberia back on par with other countries of the world.

Meanwhile, the head of the visiting United States congressional delegation says
America has no plan to exploit Liberia's natural resources. Representative
George Butterfield told Star Radio the United States government intends to help
the country and its people recover from years of devastation.

Congressman Butterfield observed there are countries in the comity of nations
that pretend to help but use the opportunity to exploit the nation's resources.
He said the United Sates will form partnership with Liberia that will be of
benefit to the post-war country.

Representative Butterfield spoke following an assessment visit to the Liberia
Electricity Corporation on Monday [17 August].

The congressional officials spoke at a joint press conference with President
Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf following an hour-long bilateral discussion.

Other members of the delegation include Congressmen William Lacy Clay, Steve
Cohen, Sheila Jackson Lee and Gwen Moore.

Speaking during an address to the press, President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf
identified infrastructural development as the major priority discussed with the
visiting US Congressional delegation.

President Sirleaf said although the challenges were many, she believes the
development of the country's infrastructure was critical. The president told
reporters despite the songs of praises being sung by her numerous visitors, she
remains focused.

The Liberian leader thanked the US congressional delegation for the visit and
said the country looks forward to the people of the United States for continuous
support.

Source: Star Radio website, Monrovia, in English  17 Aug 09

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                  July 5, 1999

Crackers Used KnownWeakness on Fed Sites;
Lessons learned:Spot holes, patch quickly

BYLINE: Ann Harrison

SECTION: NEWS - PAGE ONE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 307 words

By Ann Harrison and Kathleen Ohlson
Computer security analysts said crackers who broke into three federal Web sites
last week exploited well-known security holes for which patches were previously
available.
The break-ins occurred at Web sites run by the U.S. Army, NASA and the National
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).
Eric Schetina, chief technology officer at IFsec, a security consulting firm in
New York, said that although few people were affected by the attacks, consumer
confidence in online services was hurt.
E-commerce sites can learn from the government attacks by keeping up with the
latest exploits and rapidly installing patches, said Jacob Carlson, an IFsec
consultant.
Pentagon spokesman Jim Stueve said the attack on the Army site defaced the home
page but didn't compromise military data. Stueve said officials don't know how
intruders gained access, but they are investigating the site's ColdFusion
software from Allaire Corp. in Cambridge, Mass.
Earlier this year, Allaire issued bulletins warning that some sample files
shipped with ColdFusion let attackers modify files or get programs to run on a
Web server.
Weld Pond, a security analyst at L0pht Heavy Industries, a group of security
consultants in Boston, said he warned the Army webmaster two months ago that the
server was vulnerable. Pond said the Army fixed the problem on one machine,
www2.army.mil, but failed to fix other machines in the cluster that was
attacked.
Carlson said a group of crackers named Global Hell, who have been pursued by the
FBI, claimed responsibility for the Army hack. He said the NASA site was
compromised by another Global Hell member using a 2-year-old exploit of Sendmail
8.6. It's unclear what exploit knocked over the NOAA site, but it was also a
relatively unsophisticated attack, Carlson said. w

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 Computerworld, Inc.


                              734 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 27, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Former Teacher Sentenced to 210 Years for Sexually Exploiting Children

LENGTH: 427  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

ORLANDO, FL--U.S. District Judge Roy B. Dalton. Jr. today sentenced Matthew C.
Graziotti (43, Edgewater) to 210 years in federal prison for producing,
distributing, and possessing child pornography. The Court also ordered him to
serve a lifetime of supervision following his release from prison and to forfeit
the electronic devices that he had used to commit the crimes. Graziotti pleaded
guilty on October 30, 2014.

According to court documents, Graziotti distributed 141 images and six videos
depicting the sexual abuse and exploitation of children to an undercover FBI
agent. During the execution of a search warrant, agents located thousands of
child pornography images on Graziotti's computer involving children under the
age of 12. One computer folder, named "personally known," contained sexually
explicit photographs and videos of 29 children that Graziotti had sexually
abused when they were under the age of 12. Graziotti stored the sexually
explicit images that he produced in subfolders bearing each child's name. He
produced these images from 2010 through 2014. During this period, Graziotti
taught elementary school in South Daytona and was the director of the school's
summer day camp program. He also coached youth sports.

"Together with our law enforcement partners, the FBI will remain vigilant to
ensure our children are protected," stated Michelle S. Klimt, Special Agent in
Charge, FBI--Jacksonville Division. "Let this sentence be a clear message to
others involved in this horrendous crime that exploits the most innocent among
us. The FBI is committed to locating and removing sexual predators from kids'
lives through the U.S. justice system."

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and prosecuted
by Assistant United States Attorney Karen L. Gable.

It is another case brought as part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide
initiative launched in May 2006 by the Department of Justice to combat the
growing epidemic of child sexual exploitation and abuse. Led by United States
Attorneys' Offices and the Criminal Division's Child Exploitation and Obscenity
Section (CEOS), Project Safe Childhood marshals federal, state, and local
resources to locate, apprehend, and prosecute individuals who sexually exploit
children, and to identify and rescue victims. For more information about Project
Safe Childhood, please visit www.justice.gov/psc.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Jim Carrey calls suit over ex-girlfriend's death 'heartless'

BYLINE: Anthony McCartney The Associated Press

SECTION: GO; Pg. G5

LENGTH: 352 words


Jim Carrey says a wrongful-death lawsuit filed by the estranged husband of his
ex-girlfriend is a heartless attempt to exploit him and vowed to fight the case.

Mark Burton of Portland sued Carrey in Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday,
accusing the actor of providing the prescription drugs his wife Cathriona White
used to overdose in September 2015. The wrongful death lawsuit contends Carrey
improperly obtained prescriptions for Ambien and the powerful opioid oxycodone
under the alias Arthur King.

The suit accuses Carrey of giving White the medications days before she was
found dead in one of Carrey's homes. White and Carrey dated in 2012 and were
photographed together in May 2015.

"What a terrible shame," Carrey wrote in a statement. "It would be easy for me
to get in a back room with this man's lawyer and make this go away, but there
are some moments in life when you have to stand up and defend your honour
against the evil in this world.

"I will not tolerate this heartless attempt to exploit me or the woman I loved,"
Carrey wrote. "I really hope that some day soon people will stop trying to
profit from this and let her rest in peace." Carrey is known for such movies as
"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind," "The Truman Show," and "Ace Ventura:
Pet Detective." He spent some of his childhood in Burlington.

Coroner's officials ruled the 30-year-old makeup artist's death a suicide.
Burton and White married in 2013. A coroner's official told reporters that the
pair were separated and planned to divorce, however Burton's attorney Michael
Avenatti declined to characterize their relationship beyond saying they were
legally married at the time of White's death.

Carrey's attorney Marty Singer wrote in a statement that White and Burton never
lived together.

The lawsuit accuses Carrey of violating a section of California's Health and
Safety Code against the use of aliases to obtain prescription medications.

Carrey's prescriptions were legally obtained and his doctor and insurers were
aware of his alias use, Singer wrote. He said many actors use aliases for
prescriptions to protect their privacy.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               February 02, 2013

Ivory Coast Are Beatable - Lawal

BYLINE: Eddie Akalonu

LENGTH: 287 words


Ex international Garba Lawal has submitted that it is possible for Nigeria to
move beyond the African Cup of Nations quarter finals with a win over one of the
tournament's favourites, Ivory Coast.

He however, added that for the Eagles to overcome the "Elephants", Stephen
Keshi's wards must give their best by way of total commitment, full
concentration, commit less offences, endeavour to make accurate passes and play
as one whole unit with strikers shooting to target.

"To beat a big side that we have in our hands it's not about outplaying them but
making the decision to play with a big heart. For the team to have come this
far, I like to salute them but they must realise that we are up against a great
side - Ivory Coast.

And for you to face such a side, you just must bring out the best in you. It is
possible to overcome Ivory Coast only if they decide to put in their best
effort," he said, adding, "that means they must agree to play well and win, give
the game full concentration, play as a unit, must commit less offence such that
your opponents lack any loopholes to exploit, especially in front of goal. We
all know our opponents parade very great strikers and players who can exploit
situations and they have the ability to shoot from anywhere."

Lawal recalled the Atlanta '96 Olympic Games where he said the Eagles faced the
likes of Brazil and Argentina, two of the world's greatest football playing
countries and still won.

"It was not about us out-playing those countries but about the fact that we made
a commitment to raise the level of our game and in both semi final and final we
beat them. In like manner, if the Eagles decide to raise their game than what we
have seen thus far, Ivory Coast would fall.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The News of the World (England)

                              June 18, 2006 Sunday

Redcoat turned on old comrades to help found nation

BYLINE: Danny Conlon

SECTION: UNLOCKING THE PAST; OUR WEEKLY LOOK AT IRISH HISTORY

LENGTH: 783  words


IRISHMAN WAS HERO OF 1776

IRISH adventurer Pierce Butler went to America as a British Redcoat commander to
put down an uprising.

But when his regiment was ordered home, he resigned his commission and stayed to
help lead the War of Independence.

He was as loyal to his new American home as he had been to the British Crown he
once served.

Butler, inset, knew how the British military mind worked and used his knowledge
to gain victories over the British soldiers he formerly commanded.

It resulted in the 13 American colonies uniting to win freedom and shake off the
British imperialist yoke in 1776.

Butler became a legendary hero in establishing the new nation, shaping its
Constitution, Bill of Rights and forging the way for a free democratic nation.

Pierce Butler was a member of the Catholic Anglo-Irish landed gentry. He was
born in 1744 in Co Carlow, the third son of Sir Richard Butler, 5th Baronet of
Cloughgrenan and a member of the Irish parliament.

As a third son, it was unlikely he would ever inherit the family property which
always went to the eldest living heir.

So he chose a military career.

Exploits

At 24 he became an infantry Major in Britain's battle-hardened 22nd Regiment of
Foot.

A decade earlier he had been regaled with stories of their exploits in defeating
the French to win Canada for the Crown.

Soon he transferred over to the next force to ship out to America, the 29th
Regiment, which was sent to Boston to help quell unrest.

His regiment fired against protesters, killing five in what became known as the
1770 Boston Massacre.

It fuelled anti-British feeling among the colonists, who had no seats in the
British parliament, and were demanding "no taxation without representation".

The slayings, although he had no part in them, angered Butler and played on his
mind. His solace was his new beloved, Mary Middleton, the voluptuous daughter of
a wealthy South Carolina planter and rebel sympathiser.

They married in 1771 and he sold his commission, giving him enough cash to buy
land in South Carolina near Charles Town, now the Carolina capital of Charlston,
then the fifth largest city in North America.

He amassed 10,000 acres which produced huge, lucrative cotton crops.

And he built up a fleet of ships to export his cotton to Europe.

His successful business enterprises made him an American patriot and, when the
governor of South Carolina asked the military veteran to lead its citizen-army
in the Revolutionary War, he agreed. Pierce won many victories as the militia's
adjutant general and became a staunch friend and confidante of patriot leader
George Washington.

Butler escaped capture in 1780 when British forces captured Charleston and most
of South Carolina's government and military forces. He was part of a command
group deliberately left outside the city in case of capture and they went on the
run.

Butler recruited, trained, provisioned and led guerilla bands, achieving many
victories against superior forces.

He barely avoided capture on many other occasions. One night, surprised by
dragoons, he was forced to flee his safe-house in his nightshirt.

And a British regiment, which Butler had called a 'band of jailbirds' and
denounced for plundering, put a bounty on his head.

His firm leadership, resourcefulness and daring made him a key commander in
defeating the British troops and forcing King George III to cede independence.

However, his involvement in the war almost bankrupted him. He had to seek family
help from Ireland as well as a personal loan from an Amsterdam bank.

Voice

Returning to America he called for reconciliation with British Loyalists and was
a voice for the disenfranchised 'residents of the backcountry'-the smallholders
and traders of the interior.

He was appointed South Carolina's delegate to the 1787 Continental Congress and
the convention to write the new nation's constitution, of which he was a
signatory.

Amid the post-revolutionary rivalry which threatened civil war he wrote of these
talks: "All ranks of men, wisely, had recourse to reason, and not arms. In this
instance America has set a laudable example to 'civilized' Europe."

Butler became a senator for three separate terms between 1789 and 1804, retiring
from politics in 1805 and moving to Philadelphiato be near his only daughter,
who married a local doctor. His final years were spent managing his extensive
plantations and other businesses in several states.

He died in 1822 aged 77 and is buried in Philadelphia.

The Irishman who became a major American patriot made a telling comment, still
apt today, on the fledgling United States he had helped forge:

"Our system is little better than a matter of experiment, much must depend on
the morals and manners of the people at large."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday

Mosque dispute follows Obama;
Republicans are seeking to exploit controversy as president campaigns

BYLINE: BY BRIAN KNOWLTON, CARL HULSE AND HELENE COOPER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 745 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


President Barack Obama has been flying across the United States this week to
test and shape the mainly economic messages that he will use from now until the
midterm elections in November, while at the same time struggling to move past
the inflammatory issue of whether an Islamic center should be built near the
World Trade Center site in New York.

Mr. Obama was in Seattle on Tuesday as part of a three-day campaign swing
through five states aimed at shoring up the fortunes of Democratic candidates
still willing to stand beside him despite his deteriorating approval ratings.

Earlier, in Milwaukee, he excoriated congressional Republicans for seeking to
stymie his economic agenda, criticizing them as obstructionists ''more concerned
with the next election than the next generation.''

Republicans, while not avoiding the economic debate, say they plan to exploit
Mr. Obama's defense of the right of New York developers, under the
constitutional guarantee of free expression, to build the Islamic center.
Subsequent remarks by the president, meant to clarify that his constitutional
stance does not mean he endorses the project, have merely sharpened the debate.

Even the Senate's top Democrat, Harry Reid, who represents Nevada, has expressed
objections to the location of an Islamic center so close of the site of the
terrorist attack of Sept. 11, 2001, in New York.

Leading Republican figures like Newt Gingrich, a former speaker of the House,
and Sarah Palin, the Republican Party's 2008 vice-presidential nominee, have
criticized the Islamic center.

''Nazis don't have the right to put up a sign next to the Holocaust Museum in
Washington,'' Mr. Gingrich told Fox News on Monday. ''We would never accept the
Japanese putting up a site next to Pearl Harbor.''

Tim Pawlenty, the governor of Minnesota and a possible Republican presidential
hopeful in 2012, said on Fox News that Mr. Obama was arguing ''hypertechnical
legal issues'' when he should be displaying ''good judgment about not putting a
mosque within two blocks of ground zero.'' But some Republicans say the party is
going too far, moving away from the rhetorical embrace of American Muslims
proclaimed by President George W. Bush and risking the alienation of Muslims
everywhere.

Chris Christie, the governor of New Jersey and a Republican, on Monday cautioned
against using the controversy to paint ''all of Islam'' as tainted by terrorism.
''We have to bring people together,'' he said.

Regardless, Mr. Obama's stance appears to separate him from a majority of
Americans, opinion polls indicate.

The issue has become so incendiary that Roger Simon, a commentator for the
journal Politico, used it to argue this week that Mr. Obama would be a
single-term president. Joe Klein of Time magazine, on the other hand, accused
the Republicans of ''slimeball politics'' and even ''outright religious
bigotry.''

But several Republican congressional candidates see an opportunity and have
issued statements that inject the mosque question into the midterm campaigns.

''Ground zero is hallowed ground to Americans,'' Elliott Maynard, a Republican
candidate in West Virginia, said in a typical statement. ''Do you think the
Muslims would allow a Jewish temple or Christian church to be built in Mecca?''

Some leading Democrats, meanwhile, said it was Mr. Obama's role as president to
stand up for constitutional rights in the mosque dispute.

Representative James E. Clyburn, the third-ranking Democrat in the House, said
Monday that ''articulating the constitutional principles'' on which the United
States was founded and ''calling for tolerance'' were part of ''a presidential
act worth exercising.''

Privately, many Democrats were not pleased that the issue had been thrown into
their laps during the summer recess, when controversies often fester. But
strategists said Democrats could counter the Republican offensive by labeling
the mosque dispute a local issue.

Republicans rejected that notion.

''You can't cast this as something that's going to be a part of the zoning
program of the New York City planners,'' Michael Steele, chairman of the
Republican National Committee, said on Fox TV. ''This is something larger than
that.''

Mr. Obama's three-day trip this week was meant to combine job-related events and
political fund-raising. At his first stop, in Wisconsin, He maintained that his
economic policies had put the country on the road to a recovery.

''The worst mistake we could make now would be to turn back,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             May 21, 2016 Saturday

Liverpool Man Pleads Guilty to Child Exploitation Charges

LENGTH: 706  words


He Admits Twenty-Two Counts of Exploiting Infant and Toddler Victims and
Distribution/Possession of Child Pornography

SYRACUSE, NEW YORK  Jason Kopp, 40, of Liverpool, New York pled guilty today to
all twenty-two counts of an indictment charging him with the exploitation of
children as well as the possession and distribution of child pornography,
announced United States Attorney Richard S. Hartunian and FBI Resident Agent in
Charge Andrew Vale of the FBI Albany Division.

"The sexual abuse of infants and toddlers is conduct at the deepest depths of
depravity, and the production of child pornography perpetuates the
victimization. Todays guilty plea highlights the FBI's sustained success
identifying and arresting such child sexual predators. We will seek a sentence
commensurate with the gravity of these crimes," said U.S. Attorney Hartunian.

"The FBI stands determined with our law enforcement partners to stem the tide of
child exploitation," said Special Agent in Charge Andrew W. Vale. "Predators
like Mr. Kopp victimize the most innocent among us and he will be held
accountable for his heinous and unspeakable crimes."

The investigation began on March 4, 2016 when a Task Force Officer assigned to
the Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Police Department-Federal Bureau of
Investigation Child Exploitation Task Force (Washington Field Office), acting in
an undercover capacity, began texting with Jason Kopp, who was using a screen
name of "daymein39" and who also displayed the initials "JK." In texts between
the two, Jason Kopp told the undercover officer that he had pictures of a female
infant that had been sent to him by a woman acquaintance and distributed images
of the infant to the officer. FBI Special Agents, assisted by the New York State
Police, arrested Jason Kopp in Liverpool, New York on March 18, 2016.

As part of his guilty plea today Jason Kopp admitted that he and another person
conspired to sexually exploit the infant for the purpose of producing visual
depictions of the abuse. Kopp also admitted to ten separate events in which he
exploited children for the purpose of producing images and videos of the abuse.
In addition to the exploitation of the infant, Kopps offenses included the
exploitation of a male toddler-aged child. He also pled guilty to nine separate
counts of distributing the images he and another person produced, and to two
counts of possessing child pornography he had downloaded from the Internet.

Sentencing is scheduled for September 14, 2016. For his convictions for
Conspiracy to Sexually Exploit a Child (count 1) and Exploitation of a Child
(counts 2,3,6,7,8,9,10,11,12, and 13) Kopp faces a mandatory minimum sentence of
fifteen (15) years and a maximum sentence of thirty (30) years on each count.
For his convictions for Distribution of Child Pornography (counts
14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21and 22) he faces a mandatory minimum sentence of five (5)
years, and a maximum of 20 years on each count, and for his convictions for
Possession of Child Pornography (counts 27 and 28), he faces a maximum sentence
of twenty (20) years imprisonment. Sentences of imprisonment may be concurrent
or consecutive at the discretion of the Court. The Court may also impose a fine
of up to $250,000 per count, and must impose a term of supervised release of
between five (5) years and life. Kopp will also be required to register as a sex
offender.

This case is being investigated by the Albany Division of the FBI (Syracuse
Resident Agency), the New York State Police and the Metropolitan Police
Department-Federal Bureau of Investigation Child Exploitation Task Force
(Washington Field Office), and is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys
Lisa Fletcher and Robert Levine.

Launched in May 2006 by the Department of Justice, Project Safe Childhood is led
by United States Attorneys Offices and the Criminal Divisions Child Exploitation
and Obscenity Section (CEOS). Project Safe Childhood marshals federal, state and
local resources to better locate, apprehend and prosecute individuals who
exploit children via the Internet, as well as to identify and rescue victims.
For more information about Project Safe Childhood, please visit
https://www.justice.gov /psc. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Alamogordo Daily News (New Mexico)

                             March 11, 2016 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Clinton's standing with blue-collar workers could leave her vulnerable

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 623 words


"Trump strengthened his claim on the Republican crown with three more wins ...
If he can exploit (Hillary Clinton's) softness with working-class voters and win
some Rust Belt states, he can redraw the Electoral College map that has lately
favored the Democrats."

If you believe, as I do, that Donald Trump could defeat Hillary Clinton this
fall and become America's first certified autocrat, you need look no further for
evidence than Tuesday night's Michigan Democratic primary.

To best understand why Hillary lost to Bernie Sanders, check out these exit poll
stats: Blue-collar voters soundly rejected her, favoring Bernie by 14 percentage
points. Meanwhile, 58 percent of all Democratic primary voters said that free
trade takes away American jobs; those voters soundly rejected her as well,
favoring Bernie by 17 percentage points.

Ah yes, the trade issue.

Rust Belt states like Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin went blue in both Obama
elections. But Michigan's primary reminds us that Hillary's standing with
blue-collar voters is dangerously soft. Manufacturing jobs have steadily
disappeared during the past quarter century, and struggling workers pin the
blame on free trade. Some experts agree with the workers; others do not. But
Hillary's problem is that she's widely viewed as an establishment enabler of
free trade - starting with her husband's championing of the North American Free
Trade Agreement, or NAFTA - and that's a political liability.

Bernie claims that NAFTA "cost us 800,000 jobs." His numbers may be wrong, at
least according to a 2015 report by the nonpartisan Congressional Research
Service says that NAFTA's adverse impact has been "modest." But the point is,
blue-collar Rust Belters believe in their gut that free trade is the enemy.

With respect to blue-collar voters, Bernie is not her biggest problem. She
remains comfortably ahead in the national delegate count - she'll basically
split Michigan's delegates with Bernie and widened her overall lead by
slaughtering Bernie in Mississippi. Unless she's humbled next Tuesday in Ohio
and Illinois, she'll remain the heavy favorite. Which means that her biggest
problem will likely be Trump.

Trump strengthened his claim on the Republican crown with three more wins, and
he predicted that he would win Rust Belt states in November. Unlike Hillary, he
rails against the "stupid" trade deals.

Unlike Hillary, he doesn't have a track record of supporting trade deals. He's a
master of staying on offense, and he can make Hillary play defense on those
trade deals. If he can exploit her softness with working-class voters and win
some Rust Belt states, he can redraw the Electoral College map that has lately
favored the Democrats.

One other factor working against Hillary is cable news networks shamelessly suck
up to Trump. For nearly 50 minutes following Tuesday's Republican primary, they
carried every worthless word that fell from Der Leader's lips.

There he was, hawking Trump steaks, Trump magazines, Trump wineries, Trump golf
courses, Trump University (which doesn't exist), and yet the cable networks
refused to cut away to Hillary.

She was speaking live in Ohio, previewing an autumn agenda. Regardless of
whether you agree with her, at least she was talking policy.

But, according to what passes for cable news judgement, narcissism trumps
substance. Welcome to the next eight months.

Dick Polman is a national political columnist and a "Writer in Residence" at the
University of Philadelphia.

"Trump strengthened his claim on the Republican crown with three more wins ...
If he can exploit (Hillary Clinton's) softness with working-class voters and win
some Rust Belt states, he can redraw the Electoral College map that has lately
favored the Democrats."

Dick Polman

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: alm


                    Copyright 2016 The Alamogordo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                             March 11, 2016 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Clinton's standing with blue-collar workers could leave her vulnerable

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 623 words


"Trump strengthened his claim on the Republican crown with three more wins ...
If he can exploit (Hillary Clinton's) softness with working-class voters and win
some Rust Belt states, he can redraw the Electoral College map that has lately
favored the Democrats."

If you believe, as I do, that Donald Trump could defeat Hillary Clinton this
fall and become America's first certified autocrat, you need look no further for
evidence than Tuesday night's Michigan Democratic primary.

To best understand why Hillary lost to Bernie Sanders, check out these exit poll
stats: Blue-collar voters soundly rejected her, favoring Bernie by 14 percentage
points.

Meanwhile, 58 percent of all Democratic primary voters said that free trade
takes away American jobs; those voters soundly rejected her as well, favoring
Bernie by 17 percentage points.

Ah yes, the trade issue.

Rust Belt states like Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin went blue in both Obama
elections. But Michigan's primary reminds us that Hillary's standing with
blue-collar voters is dangerously soft. Manufacturing jobs have steadily
disappeared during the past quarter century, and struggling workers pin the
blame on free trade. Some experts agree with the workers; others do not.

But Hillary's problem is that she's widely viewed as an establishment enabler of
free trade - starting with her husband's championing of the North American Free
Trade Agreement, or NAFTA - and that's a political liability.

Bernie claims that NAFTA "cost us 800,000 jobs." His numbers may be wrong, at
least according to a 2015 report by the nonpartisan Congressional Research
Service says that NAFTA's adverse impact has been "modest." But the point is,
blue-collar Rust Belters believe in their gut that free trade is the enemy.

With respect to blue-collar voters, Bernie is not her biggest problem. She
remains comfortably ahead in the national delegate count - she'll basically
split Michigan's delegates with Bernie and widened her overall lead by
slaughtering Bernie in Mississippi.

Unless she's humbled next Tuesday in Ohio and Illinois, she'll remain the heavy
favorite. Which means that her biggest problem will likely be Trump.

Trump strengthened his claim on the Republican crown with three more wins, and
he predicted that he would win Rust Belt states in November. Unlike Hillary, he
rails against the "stupid" trade deals. Unlike Hillary, he doesn't have a track
record of supporting trade deals. He's a master of staying on offense, and he
can make Hillary play defense on those trade deals. If he can exploit her
softness with working-class voters and win some Rust Belt states, he can redraw
the Electoral College map that has lately favored the Democrats.

One other factor working against Hillary is cable news networks shamelessly suck
up to Trump. For nearly 50 minutes following Tuesday's Republican primary, they
carried every worthless word that fell from Der Leader's lips.

There he was, hawking Trump steaks, Trump magazines, Trump wineries, Trump golf
courses, Trump University (which doesn't exist), and yet the cable networks
refused to cut away to Hillary. She was speaking live in Ohio, previewing an
autumn agenda. Regardless of whether you agree with her, at least she was
talking policy.

But, according to what passes for cable news judgement, narcissism trumps
substance. Welcome to the next eight months.

Dick Polman is a national political columnist and a "Writer in Residence" at the
University of Philadelphia.

"Trump strengthened his claim on the Republican crown with three more wins ...
If he can exploit (Hillary Clinton's) softness with working-class voters and win
some Rust Belt states, he can redraw the Electoral College map that has lately
favored the Democrats."

Dick Polman

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: fnm


                     Copyright 2016 Farmington Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 11, 2013 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Lhota Hoping to Capitalize on Elite Dismay Over a Liberal Tilt

BYLINE: By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM; Thomas Kaplan contributed reporting.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1456 words


They are startled and unsure how to react. ''Terrifying,'' is how one banker put
it.

Many in New York's business and financial elite, stung by the abrupt ascent of
Bill de Blasio, an unapologetic tax-the-rich liberal, are fixated on a single
question: What are we going to do?

The angst, emanating from charity galas and Park Avenue dinner tables, has
created an unexpected political opening for Joseph J. Lhota, the Republican
nominee, whose once-sleepy candidacy is now viewed by players in both parties as
their last, best hope for salvaging the business-friendly government of the
Bloomberg era.

Even before his victory speech on Tuesday night, Mr. Lhota was moving quickly to
exploit his newfound role. He planned to speak on primary night with Mayor
Michael R. Bloomberg, whose blessing could confer credibility with the Manhattan
establishment.

His fund-raisers are wooing real estate and business moguls turned off by the
leftist tenor of the Democratic primary campaign, and some Democratic officials
have already quietly approached him to offer help.

''I've heard from people who would usually be inclined to support the Democratic
candidate,'' said an upbeat James S. Tisch, the chief executive of the Loews
Corporation and a finance chairman of Mr. Lhota's campaign, as he greeted
well-wishers at a breakfast fund-raiser that attracted 200 guests -- both
Democrats and Republicans -- on Monday.

Even if Democrats hold a runoff election, Mr. de Blasio's commanding finish in
the primary Tuesday night means that his liberal message could well dominate
that intraparty contest, leaving Mr. Lhota likely to face a left-leaning
opponent in November.

Mr. Lhota knows he has to make a convincing case: he has struggled to connect on
the campaign trail, where his semi-ironic humor does not always translate, and
he occasionally needs to be reminded to talk to people at parades.

But he brings an easy charm and a commanding knowledge of municipal government,
having served as a chief lieutenant to Rudolph W. Giuliani and overseen the
region's sprawling transportation network.

Fund-raising is an immediate priority, after a lackluster effort in the primary.
But Mr. Lhota believes a matchup with a left-leaning Democrat will provide him
with the starkest possible contrast between his brand of no-nonsense,
Bloomberg-style management and a liberal who can be depicted as more focused on
ideology than competence.

''Over the next two months, New Yorkers will see two completely different
visions for the future of our city,'' Mr. Lhota told cheering supporters on
Tuesday evening, before launching into a searing criticism of Mr. de Blasio's
''tale of two cities'' mantra.

''This tale is nothing more than class warfare,'' Mr. Lhota said. ''It's this
kind of thinking that brought our city to the brink of bankruptcy and rampant
civic decay.''

In the days ahead, Mr. Lhota will seek to exploit weaknesses that he believes
were rarely revealed during the Democratic contest, when the like-minded
candidates often differed on tactics rather than substance. He plans to cast his
opponent as a naïve ideologue who would send the city back to the ruinous days
of the last Democratic administration, that of David N. Dinkins, where Mr. de
Blasio got his start in government. And Mr. Lhota will emphasize his support of
the stop-and-frisk police tactic.

But as Mr. Lhota seeks to secure support, Mr. de Blasio, aware that his rhetoric
has unsettled powerful people, has quietly been in touch with several
establishment figures recently, including Rob Speyer, the chairman of the Real
Estate Board of New York, and the financier Steven Rattner. Both men have close
ties to Mr. Bloomberg, and supported the campaign of Christine C. Quinn in the
Democratic primary.

In some of these conversations, Mr. de Blasio has played down his unabashedly
liberal positions, pointing out that no public-sector union has endorsed him,
and saying that he would represent the wealthy as well as the 99 percent if
elected mayor, according to people familiar with the discussions.

But the outreach by Mr. de Blasio has not kept Mr. Lhota's team from receiving a
deluge of calls in recent weeks.

Disaffected Democrats have reached out, Mr. Tisch said, expressing concerns that
Mr. de Blasio would be a ''destructive'' figure in a city accustomed to a
business-friendly mayor.

''My phone has been ringing,'' said Mr. Tisch, a Democrat who has backed such
party stalwarts as Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten E. Gillibrand.

Still, he noted, Mr. Lhota has work to do.

''The first question they ask is, 'Can Lhota win?' '' Mr. Tisch said. ''When
they hear 'yes,' then they're interested.''

The topic of viability came up frequently in interviews this week with more than
a dozen political brokers, fund-raisers, and former city officials, who are
loath to attach their name and their checkbooks to someone who could embarrass
them with a poor showing, and alienate the future mayor.

''He needs a poll to have him within 10 points; the first poll that comes out
can't be 70-30,'' said one veteran of several city campaigns.

By most accounts, the most critical person to convince would be Mr. Bloomberg,
whose support would crystallize Mr. Lhota's claim as the candidate of
continuity.

Mr. Bloomberg has paid to poll the mayoral race privately, and plans to keep
tracking the contest moving forward as he mulls what to do, according to two
people familiar with the matter. ''Relative to anybody else who is in this race,
he would like Lhota to win,'' said a person who has spoken with Mr. Bloomberg
recently about the election. But this person said the mayor would be unlikely to
endorse him unless it were clear his blessing would lead to an impact in the
polls.

Mr. Lhota did himself no favors when, last year, he called Mr. Bloomberg ''an
idiot'' in the days after Hurricane Sandy (he later apologized). ''It doesn't
help,'' said one former Bloomberg aide, ''but it's not a deal breaker.''

In his campaign pitch, Mr. Lhota says that, like Mr. Giuliani before him, he
does not need millions of dollars to win over voters, suggesting that Reagan
Democrats will respond to his calls for lower taxes and tough policing tactics;
unlike his Democratic opponents, he sees no need to reform the stop-and-frisk
policing strategy.

''There is a huge silent majority that could come out and say, 'We're happy with
what the mayor's done the last 12 years, and we want it to continue,' '' said
Tom Allon, a publisher who briefly ran as a Republican mayoral candidate before
dropping his bid earlier this year.

Mr. Lhota's task is to rope in independents, Democrats and politically
disengaged New Yorkers, in order to overcome the lopsided party registration
advantage Democrats enjoy.

This will probably prove more difficult than it was for Mr. Giuliani, whose
victory in 1993 relied on white, working-class voters outside of Manhattan, many
of whom have since left the city. The black, Latino and immigrant populations
that now dominate voter rolls may be less inclined to support a Republican.

Mr. Lhota's admonitions about the troubles of past Democratic administrations,
like higher crime rates, could also be lost on this year's younger electorate,
nearly a third of which was under the age of 15 when Mr. Giuliani took office.

''I'm not willing to say it's impossible,'' said Jerry Skurnik, a veteran
political strategist, of a Lhota victory. He recalled advising Mr. Bloomberg's
campaign team in 2001 that they had no chance of winning. ''I'm not going to
make that mistake again.''

His liberal views on same-sex marriage and marijuana use could help Mr. Lhota
entice Democrats to cross party lines. And spending by outside allies could
greatly amplify his message; as of Tuesday, he had raised less than half of what
Mr. de Blasio had collected.

Last week, the industrialist David H. Koch and his wife, Julia, contributed
$145,000 each to a political action committee organized by several of Mr.
Lhota's former colleagues in the Giuliani administration.

''There is a fear among middle-class voters that we're going to take a hard left
turn away from the Giuliani/Bloomberg era of governance,'' said Michael McKeon,
who runs the political action committee. ''It's going to drive electoral support
for Joe, drive financial support for Joe.''

That fear was palpable last Tuesday evening in the soaring Art Deco ballroom of
the Waldorf-Astoria, where wealthy patrons gathered at a dinner for the National
September 11 Memorial, the season's first big charity gala, were agape at Mr. de
Blasio's ascent.

The evening's honoree was Mr. Bloomberg, who was celebrated in a video screened
for the audience. ''Mayor Bloomberg should be the mayor forever!'' one guest
called out, and the room erupted in applause.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/11/nyregion/lhota-tries-to-exploit
-dismay-by-wall-st-over-liberal-tilt.html

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The Republican nominee, Joseph J. Lhota, on Tuesday. (A1)
 Joseph J. Lhota, moving quickly to exploit his newfound role, spoke at the
Hilton Hotel in Midtown Manhattan Tuesday just after winning the Republican
primary. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY DAMON WINTER/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A25)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              743 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Tulsa Man Sentenced to More Than 17 Years in Prison for Distributing
Child Pornography

LENGTH: 365  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Kenneth R. Morain, 63, of Tulsa, was sentenced by United States District Court
Judge James H. Payne to 210 months in prison, to be followed by lifetime
supervised release, for possessing, receiving, and distributing more than 33,000
image and video files of child pornography, announced United States Attorney
Danny C. Williams Sr., for the Northern District of Oklahoma. Morain was also
ordered to pay $33,000 in restitution to the victims. He was charged by a grand
jury on February 3, 2014, and he pleaded guilty on July 17, 2014.

"Exploiting and abusing the most vulnerable in our community is a heinous
crime," said U.S. Attorney Williams. "We will work with our law enforcement
partners to track down those who exploit and abuse children and prosecute those
criminals to the fullest extent of the law. The defendant will now face the
consequences of his crimes behind bars."

Morain used free Wi-Fi Internet services at various businesses across Tulsa to
access and share child pornography via the Peer-to-Peer (P2P) file sharing
network called ARES. He would view and download child pornography while seated
in his vehicle parked in a business's parking lot. During the investigation more
than 33,000 images and video files of child pornography were discovered on
Morain's seized computer and removable flash drives.

The case was a joint investigation by the FBI and the Tulsa Police Department;
prosecution was handled by Assistant United States Attorney Jeffrey A. Gallant.

This case was brought as part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide initiative
launched in May 2006 by the Department of Justice to combat the growing epidemic
of child sexual exploitation and abuse. Led by United States Attorneys' Offices
and the Criminal Division's Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section (CEOS),
Project Safe Childhood marshals federal, state, and local resources to locate,
apprehend, and prosecute individuals who sexually exploit children, and to
identify and rescue victims.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                            October 16, 2012 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Talented dancer James has the world at his feet;
Youngster all set to perform in the Big Apple

BYLINE: DAVE ROBSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 346 words


GLOBE-TROTTING dancer James Hobley's feet still aren't touching the ground -
more than a year after his Britain's Got Talent exploits.

Redcar teenager James touched the nation with his dancing performances on last
year's BGT TV show, despite his autism.

And more than a year later, his astounding talent continues to open doors for
him.

On Monday, James is due to perform in New York's Times Square at an event called
The Genius of Autism.

The event, organised by the McCarton Foundation, is part concert - Mum Sheila,
pictured with her son, right and part exhibition.

Organisers say it is "an opportunity to celebrate the incredible ability that
exists within young people on the autistic spectrum."

And to showcase their talents, they've chosen 14 autistic artists from around
the globe - including James - "whose remarkable accomplishments inspire us".

But that's not all for James - next year he has been given the honour of opening
the World Autism Conference in San Sebastian, Spain, where he will perform on
stage with the Basque Symphony Orchestra.

Mum Sheila admits that since his BGT exploits, it's been "a bit of a whirlwind"
for James, who attends the acclaimed Hammond dance boarding school in Chester,
thanks to a Learning and Skills Council-funded scholarship.

Sheila said: "He has performed all over the country, joined the Hammond Ballet
School in Chester, carried the Olympic torch, made an online video with
Childline for their website about living with autism, met Esther Rantzen when
she introduced him on stage in London at Autism's got Talent where she thanked
him for the work he has done with Childline, and now he is about to perform on
an international stage in New York! "He is so excited and has spent the last
three weeks preparing a new piece of choreography with the help of his ballet
teacher Antonia Barron."

Sheila said that while in America, former Sacred Heart School pupil James plans
to do some sightseeing and meet members of The American Theatre Ballet.

" He is so excited and has spent the last three weeks preparing a new piece of
choreography "

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pictures by DOUG MOODY
gazettelive.co.uk/buyaphoto ref: 01294809
GOING PLACES: Dancer James Hobley has come a long way since appearing on
Britain's Got Talent, including being awarded a scholarship for dance school, as
reported, above

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2012 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           October 1, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Online Edition

Hawks Blog;
Camp Insider II

BYLINE: SEKOU SMITH; Staff

LENGTH: 585 words


Wednesday, October 1, 2008, 02:29 PM

HAWKSVILLE - It appears we'll have to wait one more day to see the Hawks in some
live scrimmage action.

They wrapped up Wednesday's workout some five-minute drills but there was no
actual scrimmaging.

"Towards the end of practice [Thursday] we'll probably start scrimmaging,"
Woodson said.

And while the Hawks' starting five of Mike Bibby, Joe Johnson, Marvin Williams,
Josh Smith and Al Horford is etched in stone, Woodson said he will be on the
lookout for things he can exploit with mismatches.

"We'll continue to approach our starting unit as it is," Woodson said. "But
there's a chance I could tinker and look at other combinations, you just never
know. I don't think you go into a season and not look at possible changes. I'm
going to whatever it takes for us to win basketball games. And if that means
tinkering with the lineup or playing 10 or 11 guys against eight or nine guys,
then that's something I have to figure out as we go through the exhibition
season."

Any potential tinkering with the starting five (can't imagine too much going on
there) and the bench rotation (still has to be worked out) will make things
mighty interesting going forward.

It's clear the Hawks are looking for an edge, for some things they can exploit
that perhaps went untouched last season. Woodson isn't tipping his hand (maybe
he's trying to throw opponents off by talking as much as he has about
tinkering), but he has me sufficiently intrigued as to what he might do.

MARVIN HOBBLED: Williams took a knee to the leg during a drill in Wednesday's
workout and was hobbling throughout the end of the session, but insisted that he
was fine when I asked him about it as he walked to the locker room.

"I'll be fine," he said. "It was just a play where Frank [Robinson] accidentally
caught me in the leg and now it's a little sore. But I'm fine."

GARDNER AILING: The same can't be said for second-year swingman Thomas Gardner,
who was in practice gear but didn't work out due to a sore calf. Woodson said
Gardner has to get a MRI on the leg before anyone can determine the severity of
the injury.

SHOWING LOVE TO THE FANS: There's a whole chapter devoted to the Hawks- Celtics
playoff series in a book about the Celtics' title run last year (Top of the
World, the inside story of the Boston Celtics' amazing one-year turnaround to
become NBA champions by former longtime Boston Globe NBA writer Peter May) that
is an interesting read.

May describes in great detail the dramatic swings in momentum in the series and
correctly points out the role the fans in both cities played in changing the
complexion of home games, for both teams, throughout.

Particularly interesting to me was a quote from one of the Celtics' owners, Wyc
Grousbeck, which has to rank as the one line I never thought I'd read about
Philips Arena.

"The noise in that arena was by far the loudest of any of the buildings we
played in during the playoffs," he said.

Having been there and having covered playoff games around the league the past
eight years, that's saying something for an arena and a fan base often chided
for being empty and subterranean, respectively.

And when you realize the Celtics went to face Cleveland, Detroit and LA after
the Hawks and Grousbeck maintains that Philips had the best noise, that tells
you just how electric that atmosphere really was, especially for those of us
lucky enough to be in the building.

http://www.ajc.com/blogs/content/shared-blogs/ajc/hawks/entries/2008/10/01/camp_
insider_ii.html

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              746 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               July 28, 1999, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

SECTION: BUSINESS; BRIEFLY; Pg. 6E

LENGTH: 492 words



JUDGE PONDERS WINN-DIXIE SETTLEMENT: A federal judge in Jacksonville considered
a request for preliminary approval of a proposed $ 33.5-million settlement of
racial and sexual discrimination claims brought by employees at Winn-Dixie
supermarkets. U.S. District Judge Ralph Nimmons did not indicate when he will
rule on the proposed settlement, which was announced Friday at the same time a
lawsuit was filed against Winn-Dixie by 13 current and former employees. The
settlement, which covers all Winn-Dixie stores, could apply to more than 50,000
black or female employees who have worked for the chain since 1993.

OIL VENTURE BRINGS CONTEMPT CHARGE: The Justice Department has asked a federal
court to hold Smith International Inc. and Schlumberger Ltd. in civil and
criminal contempt for setting up a joint venture in drilling fluids allegedly
prohibited by a 1994 court order. It is the first criminal contempt case in 15
years to grow out of an alleged violation of a court decree that resolved the
government's objections to a corporate merger.

HACKERS TARGET UNIX: A leading computer security group is reporting a
significant rise in potentially dangerous attacks that exploit security holes in
programs shipped with the Unix operating system. The attacks primarily exploit
software that manages an appointment calendar program that is shipped with Unix
operating systems from server manufacturers, according to the Computer Emergency
Response Team at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.

Earnings

Global Imaging Systems Inc.

The Tampa office-equipment distributor took a charge of $ 654,000 to retire debt
in its fiscal first quarter ended June 30. Revenue increased 73 percent as the
company completed 10 acquisitions in the past 12 months.

           1stQtr          Year Ago

Revenue        $ 100.5-mil      $ 58.2-mil

Net Income     $ 3.4-mil        $ 503,000

Per Share      18 cents        4 cents

Sterile Recoveries Inc.

The Clearwater company, which sterilizes and delivers reusable gowns to
hospitals, will open two new reprocessing plants in the third quarter, bringing
its number of facilities to 11.

           2ndQtr          Year Ago

Revenue        $ 17.2-mil       $ 12.3-mil

Net Income     $ 1.3-mil        $ 932,000

Per Share      20 cents        16 cents

PhyCor Inc.

The Nashville, Tenn., company took a $ 9-million charge in the second quarter
related to the pending sale of clinic assets and termination of agreements with
other clinics. PhyCor, the biggest manager of doctor's practices, also warned of
lower-than-expected profit for the year. The company manages the St.
Petersburg-Suncoast Medical Group in Pinellas County.

           2ndQtr          Year Ago

Revenue        $ 393.5-mil      $ 371.5-mil

Net Income     $ 923,000        $ 15.3-mil

Per Share      1 cent          22 cents


LOAD-DATE: July 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              747 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 13, 1996 Tuesday

Television   Expanding the network community

BYLINE: John Haslett Cuff; GAM

LENGTH: 685 words


John Haslett Cuff
 MORE powerfully and intimately than any other medium, television taps
into the universal human need for emotional continuity and community. It
does so with only one major purpose, to exploit that need for financial
gain and to create new needs and desires for products, both the shows and
the commercial merchandise.

The success of television rests largely in its power to create the
illusion of relationships between the viewers and various shows and
television characters. And whether the relationship is with a "character"
such as news anchor Peter Jennings, talk-show host Oprah Winfrey or one of
the many players in prime-time sitcoms and dramas, the relationship feels
authentic and it encourages a sense of comfort and familiarity that is
highly conducive to selling everything from cold medicines to mutual
funds.

And it works especially well in a society where many of the traditional
relationships have broken down, because TV relationships tend to be more
predictable and reliable, thanks to the rigidity of the network schedules.
The husband or wife, mother or father, may not be home by 6:30 every
night, but Jennings and Rather are almost always there, like clockwork,
night after night. Millions of lonely twentysomethings may be sitting
alone, dateless, in front of the tube on Thursday nights, but they can
count on their pals from Friends to show up at 8 p.m. And these "friends"
keep them company, letting them vicariously enjoy safe, idealized
fantasies of sex, romance and relationships that partially fill a real
void with a virtual reality imitation of life.

And one of the ways network TV has begun to further exploit this need
for community is through the cross-promotion of shows. While I have
generally been cynical about the cross-promotion that occurs when cast
members from one show visit the prime-time sets of their network
teammates, recent examples have modified my view. Tonight on Frasier
(NBC/Global at 9), the radio shrink played by Kelsey Grammer is surprised
by the appearance of an old flame, Diane Chambers (Shelley Long), who is
in Seattle for the production of a play she has written.

Fans of Cheers will remember that Frasier's heart was broken by the
eloquently flakey former barmaid, and her visit to his new domicile stirs
up a lot of memories until they slip into an absurd game of one-upmanship
with predictably comic results.

Long has been surprisingly unsuccessful at finding a new prime-time
berth since the much-watched "last call" of Cheers was successfully hyped
into a major media "event" several years back. She has a genuine gift for
screwball TV comedy but, so far, the industry has not been able to create
a hit vehicle for her. Her appearance on Frasier is a bonus, an
appropriate exploitation of the viewer's attachment to her character and
the memories associated with her and the sitcom.

Still, the best example of cross-promotion I have seen was in last
week's new episodes of Law and Order (NBC, Wednesdays at 10 p.m.) and
Homicide: Life on the Street (NBC, Fridays at 10 p.m.) Like many viewers,
I am very attached to the characters on Homicide and I, too, take regular
comfort and amusement from their weekly struggles with work, love, faith
and bill collectors. And when Detectives Pembleton and Bayliss showed up
on Law and Order last week to track a racist killer, it provided a unique
opportunity for fans of both shows to examine their loyalties. The cops of
Law and Order were at a distinct disadvantage, however, since one of them,
played by Benjamin Bratt, has only been around for a season, while Bayliss
and Pembleton have been with us for nearly four years.

But the pairing was not at all strange or unworkable, it only
reinforced the idea that the members of television's different
geographical communities (Baltimore and New York, in this case) could
believably meet and work together without fracturing the viewers'
allegiances or the crucial suspension of disbelief. In fact, the cross-
promotion, when it works, adds a new and satisfying dimension to our
relationship with TV.
  Times are Eastern; air dates may vary across the country. Please check
local listings.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1996 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                            November 21, 2008 Friday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

ALL THE ACES

BYLINE: Marbella Slim

SECTION: SPORT; 69

LENGTH: 431 words


GARNERING AFFLECTION Ben Affleck certainly landed a winning hand when he took
fellow movie star Jennifer Garner to have and to hold. According to American
tabloids, Garner recently surprised the avid poker player with her plans to
build a private gaming suite for him in their home. Affleck became the first
celebrity to win a major open tournament when he claimed a GBP 241,758 win at
the California State Poker Championship in 2004 but his poker playing was
allegedly a source of contention in the early days of their marriage. A friend
of the couple revealed, "Jen wanted Ben to cut out playing poker completely, but
she knew that wasn't realistic. So she decided to build a room at home where Ben
could have the boys over once a week. When it's done, Ben's poker room is
expected to look just like a private high-roller suite at the Bellagio hotel in
Las Vegas, which is where he likes to play."

PSYCHOLOGICAL WAR Q: I keep a sticker on my monitor to remind myself not to play
too many hands, but the trouble is I get so bored just watching the others play
out the hand.

What should I do?

A: Beginners make the mistake of thinking that poker is played with the cards
alone. Poker is war. As in war, your greatest advantage is to know everything
you can about your enemy. Throwing away bad hands gives you plenty of
opportunities to observe your opponents in action. When you have folded a hand,
your mission is to practice the art of reading a player's hand. Art takes time
and time is what you get when you fold weak hands. Pay attention to as many
things as possible. Do your opponents call a lot or raise a lot? Do they play
too many hands?

Are they playing the same hands in the same way over and over? Are they very
knowledgeable or are they weak players? This kind of disciplined study will help
you pick up tells and clues. You'll get a read on how opponents play certain
hands and what cards they might be holding at any one time.

You'll come to recognize the incredible relationship between your poker
knowledge, your expertise in reading people and how much money you can
consistently win from others. Great military leaders use intelligence reports to
exploit weaknesses in their enemy's defences. Poker champs engage in the same
psychological warfare to exploit weaknesses in their opponents. So expand your
awareness and realize you are always 'playing poker', even when you are not in a
hand. Finally remember a little self-reflection in your intelligence gathering.
As the late Andy Glazer wrote, "The single greatest key to winning is knowing
thy enemy - namely yourself."

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday
                                  EAST EDITION

2015 Cyberattack Threats Lurk For Stock Exchanges, Law Firms Hospitals also a
target as cybercriminals eye electronic health data

SECTION: A; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1013 words


BY MICHAEL PERRAULT

INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY

After a rough 2014, security experts predict the financial, retail, health care
and energy sectors will be top targets for cybercriminals in 2015 -- with more
firms taking out insurance against such attacks.

Other vulnerable areas that, if attacked, could wreak havoc include food
supplies, transportation and control systems that manage critical infrastructure
such as water, sewage and traffic lights.

Expect hackers to "pry open the Internet of Things" and follow the path of least
resistance as more devices are connected to networks, says network security firm
Fortinet. Attackers will exploit new loopholes to infiltrate high-profile
financial and retail computer systems.

ThreatStream, which helps companies understand the latest threat environment,
sees "breach insurance" becoming the new norm, particularly in retail,
restaurant chains and health care.

Small And Vulnerable

FireEye foresees more attacks on small and midsize businesses as larger
companies shore up defenses. FireEye cited an example of a New York mannequin
maker with 100 employees that lost $1.2 million when hackers stole online
banking credentials through a series of fraudulent wire transfers.

Hackers increasingly will target the legal sector, seeking intellectual
property, financial data and inside information on strategic business
initiatives of law firm clients, security experts say.

While a lot of media attention focuses on outside hacking, businesses often are
most vulnerable to inside attacks. Morgan Stanley disclosed Monday that it fired
an employee for stealing account data for about 900 wealth management clients,
briefly posting the information on Internet.

Reed Taussig, CEO of San Jose, Calif.-based ThreatMetrix, forecast last year
that cybercriminals would increasingly exploit passwords in major data breaches
in 2014, a prediction that came true.

"There are endless opportunities for hackers to steal personal information, and
that's not going to stop in the coming year," Taussig told IBD. "It's going to
get worse. I would venture to guess that in 2015, one of the world's major stock
exchanges may very well be compromised, which has the potential to result in
severe economic damage on a global basis."

Though no calamity of that magnitude surfaced last year, 2014 saw plenty of
attacks.

"Just this year (2014) in the U.S. alone, there have been 42 publicly reported
breaches of institutions comprising the banking, credit and financial industry,
in which 1,182,492 known records were exposed," Carl Leonard, principal security
analyst for Austin, Texas-based security firm Websense, told IBD.

To combat growing cyberattacks, Symantec and Intel Security's McAfee Labs in
September joined Fortinet and Palo Alto Networks as part of the newly formed
Cyber Threat Alliance to share information about fast-changing criminal tactics.

The industry knows it's critical to work together to prevent and be ready to
react to increasingly complex, multidimensional attacks, says Vincent Weafer,
senior vice president for McAfee.

"It's no longer enough to share and compare yesterday's malware," he said. "We
must match our adversaries' aggressive drive to innovate with our own deeper
commitment to collaborate."

Hospital Hackers

Cyberattacks against hospitals jumped 600% in the 10 months ending Aug. 31,
Websense said. That spike was partly due to a summer attack by Chinese hackers
on Franklin, Tenn.-based Community Health Systems. That affected 4.5 million
patients in 206 hospitals across 29 states.

As hospitals and other health care organizations shift to electronic medical
records, hackers want to exploit fledgling defenses to steal health care records
that hold "a treasure trove" of personal information that can be used in many
types of attacks and fraud, Leonard said.

The FBI's Cyber Division warns physicians that criminals are increasingly
targeting electronic health records that are then sold on the black market for
$50 or more per chart vs. less than $1 for credit card information.

As law enforcement and security company investigators collaborate to take down
cybercrime gangs in the financial sector, crooks have more reason to go further
underground.

Illicit underground "cybercrime marketplaces" are popping up where criminals
buy, sell and trade malicious software, William Noonan, deputy special agent in
charge of Secret Service cyberoperations, told the Senate Committee on Banking,
Housing and Urban Affairs during a Dec. 10 hearing titled "Cybersecurity:
Enhanced Coordination to Protect the Financial Sector."

Such marketplaces, some boasting 80,000 users, offer access to sensitive
networks, spamming services, payment card data, bank and brokerage account
information, hacking services and counterfeit identity documents, Noonan said.

Secret Service cybercrime investigations, focused on the financial sector, have
resulted in more than 5,940 arrests over the past five years associated with
$1.53 billion in fraud losses and prevention of $11.71 billion in potential
fraud losses, Noonan said at the hearing.

The Department of Homeland Security's Computer Emergency Readiness Team reported
there have been more than 220 hacking incidents at energy companies over the
past two years. The agency, along with the FBI, is sharing the latest threats at
classified meetings with energy providers and utilities in cities across the
country.

Symantec researchers say groups calling themselves "Dragonfly" or "Energetic
Bear" are among those that have compromised energy grid operators, electricity
generation firms, petroleum pipeline operators and industrial equipment
providers.

Regardless of industry, companies should set up multilayered security, with
defenses on the perimeter as well as inside to limit damage and increase the
amount of time the firm has to respond, says CyberArk CEO Udi Mokady.

"Once hackers gain access, it's almost like a Pac-Man," he said. "They take the
first bite and become stronger, bringing them to other areas of the network that
they continue to explore until they get the data they're looking for."

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday
                              TUE REGIONAL Edition

Keep taxes fair for all Colo. businesses

BYLINE: My Turn

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 376 words


Re: "Tax plan a threat to Colorado jobs," March 8 editorial.

Taxes pay for roads, bridges and airports. They pay for efficient regulation of
commerce and banking, for the police who protect us, for the courts that settle
our disputes and for the agencies that keep our food, medicine and water safe.
They contribute to intellectual and social assets such as educated workers with
in demand skills.

If you take away any of these components, or if you degrade them all, a modern
economy would not be possible. As Warren Buffet has suggested, he would not have
been anywhere near as successful in business in Madagascar.

To maintain these pillars of a modern economy, everyone should pay their fair
share. Colorado's economic progress is undermined when the tax code rewards
companies that shift their profits to offshore subsidiaries incorporated in
countries with little or no corporate income tax. Instead of paying the 4.63
percent corporate rate on profits from sales to Coloradans, these companies pay
little or nothing, leaving the rest of us stuck with the check.

A bill currently before the state legislature acknowledges the challenge that
these tax havens and the companies that exploit them present to Colorado's
fiscal health. House Bill 1275, sponsored by Reps. Mike Foote and Brittany
Pettersen and Sens. Matt Jones and Kerry Donovan, seeks to close tax loopholes
that give large corporations an unearned advantage over small ones.

HB 1275 would level the playing field for the 99.9 percent of Colorado companies
that do not have a squad of lawyers and accountants to exploit offshore tax
loopholes. The principle is simple: If you make money in Colorado, you should
play by Colorado's rules.

To truly create a sustainable Colorado economy, the legislature must reform our
tax system to put all businesses on a level playing field to pay for the
necessary investments that every business, big or small, relies on to be
successful.

HB 1275 has passed the state House of Representatives. We call on the state
Senate to advance this bill to the desk of Gov. John Hickenlooper.

Richard Eidlin of Denver is vice president for policy for the American
Sustainable Business Council, which represents 200,000 small and mid sized
businesses across the United States.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                      January 9, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Alpine Security Introduces New Penetration Testing (Ethical Hacking) Course

BYLINE: Alpine Security

LENGTH: 470  words


St Louis, MO,  January 09, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Alpine Security has released the
2016 dates for their new Intro to Penetration Testing (Ethical Hacking) course.
For a limited time, a $250 discount is being offered for the January 28-29
course. This penetration testing course is primarily hands-on. It is highly
recommended for anyone seeking to learn penetration testing, preparing for the
EC-Council CEH (Certified Ethical Hacker) exam, or for cyber security
professionals desiring to improve their skills and marketability by gaining
exposure to hacker tools and methods.

Alpine's Intro to Penetration Testing (Ethical Hacking) course is a 2 day
instructor-led course focused on tactics, techniques, and procedures used by
both black hat attackers and penetration testers (white hat hackers). The course
starts with an overview of hacking incidents, trends, and attacker motivations.
The course progresses to penetration testing methodologies. These often overly
complicated methodologies, filled with an excessive number of steps, are
simplified in this course with an emphasis on the penetration test objective.
Each hacking phase of the simplified methodology is demonstrated, discussed, and
practiced. Attendees practice penetration testing in a fun and interactive
environment with multiple live targets and CTF (Capture the Flag) exercises.

The Intro to Penetration Testing (Ethical Hacking) course is an excellent
introduction to penetration testing. Emphasis is placed on learning,
demonstrating, and practicing the primary tactics - reconnaissance (active and
passive), vulnerability discovery and identification, exploitation, and
persistence. Numerous methods are covered to include server-side exploits,
client-side exploits, man-in-the-middle (MITM), and social engineering.

The 2016 dates for the Intro to Penetration Testing (Ethical Hacking) Course
are:

- January 28-29 (Th-F), 8am-5pm, 2016

- February 25-26 (Th-F), 8am-5pm, 2016

- March 24-25 (Th-F), 8am-5pm, 2016

- April 21-22 (Th-F), 8am-5pm, 2016

- May 19-20 (Th-F), 8am-5pm, 2016

- June 16-17 (Th-F), 8am-5pm, 2016

All courses will be held in the O'Fallon, Illinois area.

To register or learn more about the Intro to Penetration Testing (Ethical
Hacking) course, visit the course page on Alpine Security's website:

http://www.alpinesecurity.com/courses/intro-to-penetration-testing-ethical-hacki
ng/

About Alpine Security

Alpine Security is a cyber security company that understands security is never a
turnkey solution. Alpine Security takes a holistic approach, evaluating clients'
needs to develop a comprehensive solution with quantifiable results. Alpine
Security provides services covering every facet of computer and network
security, ranging from full assessments to incident response to specialized
cyber security training, such as malware analysis training.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Donald Trump plays deck in a bid to stay;
Republican presidential contender Donald Trump used a Pearl Harbor Day speech to
call for a 'complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States'. He knows
exactly what he is doing, writes Political Editor David Williamson, and he is
desperate to stop rivals winning the publicity he craves...

BYLINE: David Williamson

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 18,19

LENGTH: 531 words


ELECTION campaigns are times when US presidential candidates attempt to address
the hopes and fears of millions - but contenders for the White House can also
stir prejudice and exploit ignorance.

Reality television star and real estate mogul Donald Trump proved he has not
lost the power to shock this week when he called for a "total and complete
shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's
representatives can figure out what is going on".

Mr Trump hopes to win the nomination of the Republican party, which is
traditionally seen as the sister party of the UK Conservatives. But the official
spokesman for David Cameron described the comments as "divisive, unhelpful and
quite simply wrong".

His Republican rivals also seemed taken aback by this policy announcement.

Jeb Bush, the brother and son of presidents, said he is "unhinged".

Mr Trump did not make his comments in a heated debate or a pugnacious interview.
Instead, he issued his statement before making a speech on a World War II
carrier on the 74th anniversary of the Pearl Harbor attacks.

He knows exactly what he is doing. He is attempting to exploit fears of a threat
to America at a time of mass refugee movements and present himself as the
defender of the homeland. Accusations of demagoguery will not worry him a jot as
the condemnation from moderate Republicans and liberal commentators rolls in.

Mr Trump's angry-man shtick was wearing thin. In the early days of his campaign
he injected showbiz glamour into debates and ensured these sometimes turgid
events had higher entertainment value than voters might have expected.

But in recent weeks, with the primary season racing closer, attention
increasingly focused on the electoral chances of 44-year-old Florida Senator
Marco Rubio, who is seen as a key threat to Mr Bush's presidential dreams, and
Texan Senator Ted Cruz, a hero of many on the party's right. Now, Mr Trump is
back in the limelight. The more his foes talk about the threat of him winning
the White House, the easier it is for his potential supporters to imagine him in
the Rose Garden or waving from Air Force One.

At this stage of the campaign, as the field of Republican hopefuls narrows, it
is critical for Mr Trump that the race is not presented as a contest between the
likes of Mr Rubio and Mr Cruz. He revels in notoriety and clearly considers
obscurity a greater danger to his chances than infamy.

His critics will see this as the clearest evidence yet that he lacks key
qualifications to lead a country.

Presidents and prime ministers have responded to Islamist atrocities by taking
steps to ensure Muslims at home are not scapegoated, while sending out the
message that their governments do not see terrorists as true representatives of
the faith.

In contrast, Mr Trump has responded to recent killings in California by seeking
to snatch headlines with his most incendiary statements yet. He has unveiled a
policy which grows more gruesome the more you think about how it would be
enforced.

Would border staff be required to identify a person's religion? How would they
do this? Faith is a matter not of ethnicity or background but individual
commitment, and would Government offi-

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks to the crowd at a
Pearl Harbor Day rally at the USS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2015 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Washington: Carter Statement on the President's Address

LENGTH: 429 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Earl L Buddy has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Earl L. &ldquo;Buddy&rdquo; Carter (Ga-01) released the following
statement in response to President Obama's address this evening.





 &ldquo;Words must be backed by decisive action and an unyielding resolve to rid
the earth of this scourge.  I remain unconvinced that this Administration has
either.  The President is wasting time when trying to reason with the irrational
or fighting for moral high ground with people who lack morals.



 &ldquo;We can either fight ISIS and groups over there or we can fight them
here. I know where I want the fight to take place and I call on the President to
allow our military leaders to create a strategy to accomplish the task. Congress
stands ready to provide them with the resources they need.



 &ldquo;The attack in San Bernardino makes clear that terrorist networks will
exploit our immigration system to plant extremists.  I will continue fighting to
shut off refugee resettlement for those from the conflict areas and tighten
immigration screening until the Administration puts in place better screening
measures to ensure we are not risking the safety and security of the American
people.



 &ldquo;Those trying to exploit this tragedy to advance their anti-gun agenda
under the guise of protecting the American people are misguided. France has some
of the most stringent gun laws in the world yet Paris happened. California has
some of the most stringent gun laws in our country yet San Bernardino happened.
Disarming law abiding American citizens will have the same benefit to our
homeland security as the Paris climate talks.&rdquo;



 As a member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, Carter has been
working with colleagues on the committee to address the situation and will
continue to focus on protecting our homeland from potential threats. Carter
cosponsored H.R. 2899, the Countering Violent Extremism Act of 2015, and
assisted in passing this legislation through the House Committee on Homeland
Security. This legislation establishes within the Department of Homeland
Security the Office for Countering Violent Extremism to support efforts to
counter violent extremism.



 He also sent a letter to both President Obama and Secretary of State Kerry
urging the administration to immediately halt admissions of refugees from the
conflict areas into the United States. Click here to view or download a copy of
the letter.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       July 1, 2015 Wednesday 1:50 PM GMT

Kim Kardashian practices her pout before heading out in San Fransisco to talk
about Selfish;
Keeping Up With The Kardashians star shows off her famous pout but this time
she's not holding the camera

BYLINE: By Simone O'Kane

SECTION: SHOWBIZ,CELEBRITY NEWS

LENGTH: 232 words


Pregnant reality star Kim Kardashian has certainly perfected her famous pout.

And the stunning star gave fans a treat when she uploaded three pictures
puckering up for the camera.

Before heading out in San Francisco the 34-year-old assed the caption: "San Fran
Glam."

The mum-of-one's make-up was applied to perfection with extra long lashes she
looked fantastic.

The star stepped out in California to give a talk on Tuesday night in San
Francisco promoting her selfies compilation Selfish, the reality star wore a
clingy black dress that emphasized her ample cleavage.

With a halter neck and long sleeves, it had cut outs at the shoulders to bare a
little flesh.

The brunette beauty waved at fans as she left her dressing room where these
pictures were taken.

During her time in San Fransisco Kanye West's wife discussed the objectification
of women in the media.

Speaking at the prestigious Commonwealth Club in San Francisco, the 34-year-old
began: "I think it's a matter of opinion."

Kim, who reportedly has a net worth of $85 million, then went on to say that
some sexy pictures are tasteful and the media exploit it.

"Sometimes the media exploit me but I don't care, as long as I'm happy and I
like the photographer then I don't care."

"Annoying, but you know what I'm still a realistic person, without them people
wouldn't have taken much notice of me so I give credit where it's due."

Kim Kardashian

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Weekend Australian

                              May 5, 2007 Saturday
                            All-round Review Edition

Death of the rebel

BYLINE: Daniel Stacey

SECTION: REVIEW; Books; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 655  words


Eat the Document

By Dana Spiotta

Picador, 304pp, $45


THE arc travelled by American resistance movements through the latter half of
the 20th century was complicated. Wading into this messy subject matter, Dana
Spiotta has produced a precise novel tracing the history of modern Western
dissent. Eat the Document follows the story of Mary Whittaker and Bobby DeSoto,
two activists who, in 1972, decide to bomb the empty summer homes of corporate
heads complicit in the Vietnam War. The attacks go awry when a housekeeper is
accidentally killed and they turn fugitive.

Years later, in 1998, both are living under assumed names in the Pacific
northwest. The world has changed and their revolution has been neatly
commodified. Young couples shop for French Situationist wall calendars and
Zapatista-print shower curtains in downtown ''postmalls'': corporately run
boutiques constructed to mimic ramshackle marketplaces. As one young computer
hacker so eloquently states: ''Capitalism can exploit your desire and exploit
your need to subvert its exploitation of your desire.'' Or in shorthand: ''Even
the Republicans use irony now.''

In this new environment, youth resistance movements have splintered
exponentially: ecoanarchists, animal liberationists, gutter punks, neo-Luddites,
adbusters, pamphleteers disseminating misspelled literature to create psychic
discomfort (''Welkome, konsumers!''), web hackers and ad hoc public theatre
groups all jostle for attention. Meeting under names such as the Neo Tea-Dumpers
Front, these teen rebels love to talk but generally never act. Jealousy,
one-upmanship and fashion often play as large a role in motivating their
subversiveness as altruism.

Jumping back and forth between the early '70s and the late '90s, Spiotta
delicately compares pioneering activism with its jaded, bastard children. Her
gift is to be able to pin down the genesis of the various corruptions of
grassroots movements, carefully uncovering the vanity and self-interest inherent
in even the purest forms of idealism.

In the early '70s, the activist Whittaker can already sense the pointlessly
modish fracturing of the counterculture into sub-tribes. As the liberationists
and reactionaries around her try to elevate themselves through the use of
complicated acronyms such as WITCH (the Women's International Terrorist
Conspiracy From Hell), Whittaker recognises the beginnings of a sinister victory
of the facile over the meaningful: ''The military has the most slang and
acronyms because it has most need of euphemism. What does that tell you?''

There are many similarly precise descriptions of the psychology behind group
activism. The same power games that occur in corporate life, and family life,
re-emerge in their supposed curatives, radical protest groups and communes. Even
the most fervent and compassionate human rights crusader can become ''so
interested in the rhetoric of what he is saying that convincing is beside the
point. It is just about language and pattern and repetition.''

Spiotta's gifted writing is able to capture the lightning pace at which culture
modifies itself. Her poetic descriptions of American neophilia and capitalism's
hyper-adaptive responses to it -- the way the underground is sucked swiftly into
the mainstream, then sold back to its inventors for profit -- are beautiful and
horrific in equal measure. Occasionally some of her younger characters are given
thoughts and dialogue that sound more like the cafe chat of PhD students;
15-year-old record nut Jason describes a fellow obsessive as ''drowning in the
circular mess of relativity''. It doesn't matter, though, because this book
makes you think. It sinks its teeth into its subject matter and gives real
answers and careful, knowing insight. Better a preternaturally sophisticated
teen than realistic characters with nothing to say. Flawed but fantastic.


Daniel Stacey is a London-based literary critic, magazine editor and writer.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MATP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 13, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Microsoft Says Parts of Source Code Were Leaked

BYLINE: Brian Krebs, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: Financial; E01

LENGTH: 595 words


Microsoft Corp. last night confirmed that portions of the source code for two
versions of its Windows operating system have leaked onto the Internet, a
security breach that could give hackers important intelligence about how to
exploit flaws in software run by many of the world's computers.

"Today we became aware that incomplete portions of Windows 2000 and NT 4.0
source code was illegally made available on the Internet," Microsoft spokesman
Tom Pilla said. "It's illegal for third parties to post Microsoft source code
and we take that activity very seriously."

Pilla said the company does not know how much of the code was compromised, but
he said Microsoft believes it was not a complete version of either operating
system. There was no indication of a breach in Microsoft's internal network,
Pilla said. He said the FBI is investigating.

Windows 2000 and NT are widely deployed in business networks; less so on home
computers.

Computer security experts said the release of Windows source code could pose a
threat to Internet security, depending on what portion of the code was leaked.

A leak of any portion "could dramatically increase the probability that new
zero-day vulnerabilities will be found," said Alan Paller, director of research
at the SANS Institute, a security training group based in Bethesda.

"Zero day" attacks exploit a security vulnerability before or at the same time a
software maker learns of the flaw.

Thor Larholm, senior security researcher at Newport Beach, Calif.-based PivX
Solutions, said the Windows source code file being traded on the Internet
appears to be roughly 660 megabytes in size, about one CD-ROM's worth of data.
That is far short of the estimated 40 gigabytes of data that make up the entire
Windows code.

But even a partial leak "is a potentially very serious problem for Microsoft,"
Larholm said. "Just look at the vulnerabilities that are discovered by people
who didn't have access to the source code."

Howard Schmidt, former head of security at Microsoft, said he was less concerned
about the security implications of the leak than its potential threat to
Microsoft's intellectual property.

"From a security standpoint, this is sort of like capturing a 1956 Russian
fighter jet," said Schmidt, now chief security officer at online auction giant
eBay. "Everyone has been beating on Windows 2000 and NT for a long time, and any
flaws that may be found have likely been fixed long ago. Frankly, I'd be more
worried that someone was going to use this as a base for developing software or
another operating system based on Microsoft's proprietary code."

The Redmond, Wash.-based software giant closely guards the Windows source code
but does license portions of it to security researchers and more than 50
universities under its "Shared Source Initiative."

Microsoft, in a competitive strike against the rival Linux operating system,
last year said it would began sharing large portions of the source code with
governments around the world that want to validate the security of the software
before deploying it in national defense and other sensitive areas.

Unlike open-source software like Linux, the code comprising Windows is not open
for public inspection. Linux users are encouraged to participate in an open,
continuous cycle of modifications and upgrades that its proponents say results
in systems that are more secure and reliable than those powered by proprietary
code like Windows.

Brian Krebs is a reporter for washingtonpost.com. Staff writers Mike Musgrove
and Jonathan Krim contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              757 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                               February 05, 2001

JavaScript spy creates an e-mail wiretap

BYLINE: James Evans

LENGTH: 404 words



A newly identified snooping technology allows someone sending an e-mail to see
what the recipient wrote when it is forwarded on to another user, an Internet
privacy group announced Monday.

It really is a wiretap and it's "very illegal and very easy to do," said Richard
Smith, chief technology officer for the Privacy Foundation in Denver, in a
column he wrote for the nonprofit educational and research organization. The
vulnerability exists in mail that uses HTML.

A few lines of JavaScript can be embedded in an e-mail message and allows the
recipient's mail to be returned to the original sender. It only works, however,
if the recipient's e-mail program is set to read JavaScript.

Smith learned about the e-mail exploit while working on research on Web bugs, an
invisible image embedded in a Web page or e-mail that quietly transmits a
message back to a remote computer when viewed. He corresponded with Carl Roth,
an engineer in British Columbia, who told him about the JavaScript
vulnerability. Roth is believed to have discovered the flaw he calls the "reaper
exploit" in October 1998.

Computer scientists from the Privacy Foundation have learned that the exploit
only works when the recipient is using an HTML/JavaScript-enabled e-mail reader
such as Microsoft's Outlook, Outlook Express or Version 6 of Netscape's Web
browser package. Eudora, Qualcomm's e-mail software, and Version 6 of AOL's
latest client software are not affected as JavaScript is turned off by default.
Microsoft's Hotmail and other Web-based e-mail systems automatically remove
JavaScript programs from incoming e-mail messages and therefore are not
vulnerable.

Smith, in his column, worries that the exploit may be used often and people may
try to gain access to information that they normally would not be privileged to
see. For example, a user may send a resume via e-mail and then learn what the
potential employer thinks about his or her qualifications, Smith writes.

The Privacy Foundation has requested Microsoft and Netscape to turn off
JavaScript code by default in all of their e-mail readers. Little use is seen
for JavaScript in e-mail, only pitfalls such as viruses, e-mail spam and now the
wiretapping problem, Smith said.

Smith's column and further information on the exploit can be viewed at
http://www.privacyfoundation.org/.

The Privacy Foundation can be reached at http://www.privacyfoundation.org/.


LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Network World, Inc.


                              758 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                             May 25, 2011 Wednesday

BYLINE:

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 1225  words


Just ban all weapons sales

To The Editor:

I'd like to convey my opinion on the subject of weapon sales, after reading
Craig Babstock's recent article "More guns stolen from shop."

This constitutes a great concern for me, and I'm sure it's a great concern for
families as well.

Some people may be wondering how this situation could be, while others would
recommend reinforcing security in such stores. You can see the result. Criminals
now have more weapons to commit their crimes, fully armed.

Well, I certainly have a better answer to that. Arm sales should be totally
banned in Canada!

As simple as that.

I don't care about the owners of those stores. They are making money at the
expense of the population's safety and welfare, and should dedicate their
efforts selling something else. If I just could get this message to our prime
minister, I'd be satisfied: Sir, declare arms sales illegal.

On one hand, the prime minister has a plan to build more prisons; on the other
hand, weapon stores are open to anyone. This problem could raise Moncton to the
level of Chicago or New York. I have a final question: When is our government
going to stop copying the "American way of life?"

I rest my case.

Ed Fransci,

Moncton

Concerned about pace of fracking

To The Editor:

I am very concerned about the rapidity with which the Fracking Industry is
proceeding in New Brunswick.

Most of my neighbours have never heard of fracking and are completely unaware
that seismic testing is already happening four kilometres from here.

It is like a covert operation.

With more and more information coming out about the disastrous results of
drilling in Pennsylvania, more prudent provinces, such as Quebec and Nova Scotia
(and U.S. states, such as New York) have imposed moratoriums on fracking
activities until more information is available on procedures, the chemicals
used, the water sources, the plans for waste-water disposal and plans to protect
the public and the environment from such disasters as have already happened in
Pennsylvania.

One country, France, has totally banned fracking.

The rush to exploit New Brunswick and its mineral and fossil fuel resources
smacks of lots of money changing hands and does not inspire confidence in
government or U.S. gas companies whose major intent , after all, is to make
money.

We should also impose a moritorium until a knowledgeable public is reassured
that this rush to exploit will be undertaken safely and that New Brunswickers
will not be left with a heritage of poisoned rivers, earth, air and people once
these companies have extracted what they came for and have gone back to the U.S.

Mary de La Valette

Porter Cove

Shale gas raises ethical question

To The Editor:

According to Webster, the second definition of the verb "prostitute" is "to
devote to corrupt or unworthy purposes," for example, "to prostitute one's
talents." From this definition, it is fair to say that New Brunswick is now in
the process of being prostituted to the shale gas companies in exchange for
money. Are these terms potentially inflammatory? Indeed they are. But then
again, so is the water that might be coming out of your tap soon.

I am using this language because I think we need to change the terms in which we
discuss the shale gas debate here in New Brunswick. The provincial government
would like to frame the debate as if it was solely an economic one: for example,
hydrofracturing may be somewhat controversial, they argue, but those who are in
opposition to it stand in the way of New Brunswick's much-needed economic
growth.

I don't think this is primarily an economic issue, but an ethical one, which is
why I am using a word like "prostitution" that triggers a stronger emotional
response, and forces us to think about our own values.

The strong case against hydrofracturing continues to build. Most recently,
Robert Jackson of Duke University has released a study on hydrofracking that
indicates that people who live less than a kilometre from gas wells have up to
17 times more methane in their well water than the average, in some cases enough
to cause explosions. Knowing what we know now about this extraction method, we
need to ask ourselves: is it worth it?

Are we willing to risk the water we drink, our futures and the futures of our
children and grandchildren in New Brunswick, for short-term financial gain? If
you can ethically agree to this proposition - if you think that the risks are
small in comparison to the gains - then you have made your decision, and should,
by all means, continue to support the shale gas industry's "development." If
you're not so certain, and these questions trouble your conscience, I ask that
you consider taking a stand with those who oppose it, even if you have never
been politically active before.

Another final thought: I know there are many good people in New Brunswick (I am
formerly of Elgin) who resist getting involving in such causes because they do
not consider themselves to be "political," and view such behaviour as
grandstanding. I urge you to think of getting involved not as necessarily being
"political," but as a way of acting in accordance with your own ethical beliefs.

Stefanie Stiles,

Kitchener, Ont.

Funding needed for special care

To The Editor:

To Premier David Alward, as the President of the N.B. Special Care Home
Association I could chart all kinds of facts and statistics regarding revenues
versus expenses. I could say a lot of the same things that have been said year
after year by others.

It may spark debate or cause someone to "look into it further" or say "we want
to work with you on this." All of this would be a reasonable way for an
association or industry to approach a government when their funding is
inadequate.

But, here's my situation: I'm not just the president of an association. I'm a
hard-working business owner who is beyond frustrated. Why spend any more time
going through the motions of being professional and polite when really, I have
only one clear message: enough's enough!

Our industry is under-funded and under-valued. We've had a mere nine per cent
increase in our funding over more than 13 years! However, our homes directly
affect the ability of the province to provide long-term care to those in need.
We are a vital part of the solution to the aging population issues.

If we are not successful, neither is our province; neither is our budget; nor
frankly, neither are you and your government, Mr. Premier! Our employees are the
fibre of our existence. They are committed to providing the best care possible
for residents. If our funding is inadequate, so are their salaries. Is it
reasonable to think someone should work in a special care home and carry the
awesome responsibilities they do, only to realize they would make the same
salary if they worked at Tim Horton's?

What does government want us to do? Charge our residents or their families more?
Let's get real for a moment.

More than 400 operators across this province have managed to "make it work" on
less than $70/day for years. We have provided a viable solution for caring for
more than 5,000 seniors and adults with special needs who cannot live alone. We
have saved this province millions in comparison with nursing homes and hospitals
that cost millions. When will the New Brunswick government give our industry the
attention it needs and the support it deserves?

Jan Seely,

Bayswater

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                October 03, 2012

G.G. Darah, Dwindling Scholarship in Nation's Ivory Tower [opinion]

LENGTH: 1177 words


How does one celebrate scholarship, particularly one with an excellent icing? Is
it by rolling out drums in the thrills and sprees of a feverish gyration in
recognition of landmark achievement or by pouring encomium on the achiever on
the pages of a newspaper and other media, or by ruminating in stupefied awe of
such academic exploit?

Indeed, I have voluntarily left myself to be buried in thought of how best to
acknowledge the academic exploit of a man who had willingly dug his hands into
the fire of academics without looking back.

Consciously, if I was told that someday I will come within arm length, needless
to mention as a student under Prof. Darah, I would wave it aside as wishful. The
reason being that I have veered from the scholarship of English and Literature
to a more prestigious Law profession. But here I am, an MA student under Prof.
G. G Darah, and more symbolic at the twilight of his enviable academic exploit
as a university don.

Before now, the first and closest contact I ever had with him was on paper.
Then, it was during the legal fisticuffs between the then chief executive of
Delta State, Chief James Ibori and some persons who had engaged the services of
the late Gani Fawehinmi to legally unravel the mystery surrounding a James Ibori
before 1999, and another James Ibori who was the chief executive of Delta State.

Prof. Darah, a cabinet member of the Ibori government was probably in court to
give his principal the needed moral support to swim out of the identity dispute.
The late Gani, a supposedly close friend of Darah, was not comfortable that
Darah was in court on account of Ibori. The altercations that took place between
Darah and Gani in the court before the judge as reported in the media are still
fresh in my memory.

It is an immutable fact, if not in public domain, that successive Nigerian
governments have not given institutions of higher learning the desired attention
they deserve. If it is true that the recognition of a country in a comity of
nations is solely on the strength of the numbers of scholarship which are
carried out there and relative breakthrough at researches and not the numbers of
barrels of crude oil exported daily then, our country, Nigeria, is on its path
to doomsdays.

Certainly, governments of the Western and Orient worlds couldn't have been
wasteful in efforts expended in establishing institutions of higher learning in
the nooks and crannies of their countries. For instance, the American state of
Indiana has a total of 137 universities. Also, Tokoyo, a fairly new city has a
university for virtually every human's field of endeavour. Relying on the last
survey, the Orient metropolis of Tokoyo alone, and not the entire Japan had
already established the 12oth university, perhaps on love making!

The ridiculous take-home-pay of university dons, if not Poor funding of the
tertiary institutions in Nigeria by most regimes which is the reason scholarship
is at its lowest ebb cannot be disputed. The grim realities starring us stalk
naked in the face is the turnout of half baked graduates into the Nigerian
labour market. Applicants are subjected to written interviews because employers
of labour are critical of the competency of Nigerian university graduates,
particularly, those of the early 1990s till date.

Add to the foregone is the limping Nigerian economy which has further worsened
the situation. Times are so hard that the intelligent ones are compelled, upon
graduating to seek for job no matter how menial. The resultant effect has been
an unimpressive numbers of students taking up doctorate studies. Commonsense
will tell that in a long run, an acute dearth of don in the Ivory tower will
definitely be our Achilles' heel.

The dearth of dons in universities across the nation did not occur of a sudden,
and as a surprise. Past Nigerian governments have been alerted of the imminent
vacuum but such warning was taken with a pinch of salt. Today, most universities
are not running doctorate programme because they lacked the personnel to do so.
Every year, scores of professors come within the brink of retirement yet we
lacked the Ph.d holders to walk tall into the shoes of these relieving
professors.

Prof G.G Darah happens to be one of such professors whose shoes, I am stone sure
won't be too "hallow" for Dr. Sunny Awhefada to step in. But who steps into Dr.
Sunny Awhefada's to make the circle a complete one? This remains the big
question hanging dangerously loose.

Although, the situation might be biting excruciatingly in the Delta State
University, Abraka, but Dr. Moses Omoniyi Ayemoni of the English department,
University of Ife affirmed that the crisis was not peculiar to the Delta State
University alone but a national threat to the nation's Ivory towers.

It was wet morning in July, and I was going to have a meeting with Prof. Godini
Darah. I couldn't get by the pulsating feeling and the building up anxiety.

Without any sign earlier that morning that it was going to rain, I set out for
Abraka. The lecture was taking place in Prof. G.G Darah's office, so I was
informed by other M .A student, who came late, and like me, she was coming for
the first time. At Prof. G G Darah's office, although, far beneath the status of
his scholarship, he seemed comfortable and happy in it. I installed myself on an
empty space on a chair to the extreme of the left hand side of Prof. G.G Darah,
and not at a direct view.

At the end of the lecture and several others, it was obvious that the Delta
State University was going to miss the scholarship of Prof. Darah. More
painfully, will be the vacuum his absence, on retirement will create in the
English and Literature department of the university. With Prof. Mabel Osakwe
also at the rim of retiring, the English and Literature department of the Delta
State University for a while, may be deprived of the services of a professor.

The mass drift of brains from the shores of the country notwithstanding, Nigeria
is blessed with enormous human and natural resources. But the economy as well as
the university community has not helped that much in the direction of
encouraging scholarship.

While some MA students have not been too zealous about this level of study owing
to matrimonial and job commitments, MA supervisors have also been backslapped
for not been too friendly and dedicated. There is a dire need to inspire, and
sometimes veers out of one way to assist students, particularly MA students get
books and journals. Our bookshops no longer stock academic books because patrons
do not come for them as they do for religious and inspirational books.

More importantly, the likes of Prof. Godini Darah, who is yet 80years, but
incredibly energetic should not be allowed to go on retirement without an
extension of contact and time to shop for a replacement. Even at above 70, Darah
has not betrayed any sign of youthfulness, why retire him? Speaking the minds of
very many, a Darah cannot be exhausted, no matter how much toll age was going to
have on him.

OKOFU UBAKA, a social critic wrote from Koko, Warri North LGA

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

US activists to boycott corporations profiting from prisons

LENGTH: 368  words


The United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world and American
companies are exploiting this phenomenon by making money off the country's
prison system, human rights activists have warned.

Former prisoners, their relative and rights advocates have called for the
boycott of corporations and businesses earning profits from the US prisoners,
saying all attempts to reform mass incarceration through the traditional
mechanisms have been rendered useless.

The campaign, led by the Interfaith Prison Coalition, is directed against dozens
of companies that exploit prison labor. The movement also calls on institutions,
especially churches and universities, to divest from corporations that use
prison labor.

"America is financially addicted and hopelessly obsessed with caging bodies and
arresting their citizens and this of course they're profiting off of," said Five
Omar Mualimm-ak, a prison reform activist in New York City.

"We have a [financial] dependency on prisons," Mualimm-ak, who served almost 12
years in prison for trivial violations, told Press TV.

Campaigners who are based in New Jersey are demanding prisoners get paid at
least the prevailing minimum wage of the state in which they are held. New
Jersey's minimum wage is $8.38 an hour, but a prisoner in New Jersey makes on
average $1.20 for eight hours of work.

Those incarcerated in for-profit prisons earn as little as 0.17 cents an hour.
However, phone companies often charge increased fees by more than 100 percent.

According to a recent article in Truthdig, 40 US states allow private
corporations to exploit prison labor and prison administrators across the US are
lobbying corporations that have sweatshops overseas, trying to lure them into
the prisons with guarantees of even cheaper labor.

The Truthdig article names corporations like AT&T, Wal-Mart and Chevron, among
more than a dozen others which are currently exploiting prison labor.

In New Jersey, the first boycott will be directed against Global Tel Link, a
private phone company that charges prisoners and their families high rates. A
fifteen minute phone call inside the prison costs $17.00. Outside of prison that
same phone call costs costumers less than $2.00.

AHT/AGB

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2015 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 March 18, 1999, Thursday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

BRIEFLY;
Skinner's win restored

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 05E

LENGTH: 403 words


Mike Skinner had his victory and first-place points in Saturday's Yellow Freight
300 at Atlanta Motor Speedway restored Wednesday by the National Stock Car
Racing Commission after an appeal. NASCAR had stripped Skinner of the Busch
Grand National victory and fined him $ 19,000, the difference between first- and
last-place earnings, because a post-race inspection of his Chevrolet turned up
unapproved cylinder heads. The monetary penalty, the largest in the history of
the Busch series, was upheld. --- Mark Schlabach
 COLLEGE FOOTBALL Fla. QB out for spring Florida quarterback Doug Johnson, who
broke his left fibula in the Orange Bowl, said he won't be ready for the Gators'
annual spring scrimmage April 10.
 HORSE RACING Exploit retired Exploit, the early Kentucky Derby favorite, won't
race again because of a bone chip in his left knee, suffered while finishing
second Saturday to stablemate Prime Timber in the San Felipe at Santa Anita.
 SLED DOG RACING Swingley first to cross Doug Swingley of Lincoln, Mont., was
the first musher to cross the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race's finish line in
Nome, Alaska. With a time of 9 days, 14 hours and 31 minutes, he finished the
1,100-mile trek nearly nine hours ahead of Martin Buser, the widest victory
margin since Buser won by more than 10 hours in 1992.
 TENNIS Hewitt, Korda in AT&T Australian teenager Lleyton Hewitt, Petr Korda and
the doubles team of Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde are among the 25 players
who officially signed up for the AT&T Challenge by Tuesday's midnight deadline.
Others previously announced for the April 26-May 2 tournament at Atlanta
Athletic Club are Patrick Rafter, Jan-Michael Gambill and Michael Chang. Hewitt,
at 18, is the tour's youngest top-100 player at No. 57 and has beaten Rafter
twice this year. --- Todd Holcomb
 BOXING Tyson out early? The Maryland judge who sentenced Mike Tyson to a year
in jail said he'd rule March 26 on a request to reduce the sentence to eight
months, which could make him eligible immediately for home detention, The
Washington Post reported. . . . A New York grand jury will investigate the
judging in Saturday's controversial heavyweight draw between Evander Holyfield
and Lennox Lewis. . . . Oscar De La Hoya, who won a split decision over Ike
Quartey last month, will defend his WBC welterweight title May 22 against Oba
Carr in Las Vegas. HBO will televise the fight.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              762 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                             April 14, 2014 Monday

For a tax break on art, let it hang in Oregon;
Little-known maneuver allows U.S. collectors to legally avoid high levies

BYLINE: GRAHAM BOWLEY and PATRICIA COHEN

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1205 words

DATELINE: EUGENE, Ore.

ABSTRACT

A lucrative, little-known tax maneuver has produced a startling pipeline of art
moving across the United States as collectors cleverly - and legally - exploit
the tax codes.

FULL TEXT

The Jordan Schnitzer Museum of Art, tucked into a quiet corner of a college
campus here in the hills of the Pacific Northwest, is hardly the epicenter of
the art world. Yet major collectors, fresh from buying a Warhol or a Basquiat or
another masterpiece in New York, routinely choose this small, elegant redbrick
building at the University of Oregon to first exhibit their latest trophy.

The museum's intimacy and scholarship are likely to play some role in their
choice. But a primary lure for the collectors is often something more prosaic: a
tax break.

Collectors who buy art in one state but live in another can owe thousands, tens
of thousands, even millions of dollars in state ''use taxes'': taxes often
incurred when someone ships an out-of-state purchase home. But if they lend the
recently purchased work first to museums like the Schnitzer, located in a
handful of tax-friendly states, the transaction is often tax-free.

Beyond the benefit to museums, this lucrative, little-known tax maneuver has
produced a startling pipeline of art moving across the United States as
collectors cleverly - and legally - exploit the tax codes.

Dozens of important works have come to the Schnitzer in recent years, largely
because of the tax break, museum officials believe - so many that the museum has
a program called ''Masterworks on Loan''; the featured works are housed in a
second-floor gallery.

Similar loans - which rarely extend beyond a few months - also flow into other
museums in Oregon, and occasionally New Hampshire and Delaware, all states that
have neither a sales nor a use tax.

The Portland Art Museum, for example, has a long history of receiving art loans
from collectors, including, most recently, Francis Bacon's triptych ''Three
Studies of Lucian Freud,'' one of the most expensive paintings ever sold at
auction.

Portland officials say collectors lend art for a variety of reasons, not just
for the tax break. But only a few weeks after the painting sold for a stunning
$142 million last fall at Christie's in New York, it landed, to the surprise of
many, in the Portland museum, where it drew large crowds for 15 weeks.

By shipping the painting first to Oregon, instead of her home in Las Vegas, the
new owner, Elaine Wynn, may be eligible to avoid as much as $11 million in
Nevada use taxes, though it is not clear whether she intends to take advantage
of the break.

Collectors typically learn of this strategy only through savvy lawyers, dealers
and auction specialists. But within the circle of people who know of the
practice, it generates debate between those who appreciate how it fosters public
access to art and those who suggest that such access comes at too high a price
to unwitting taxpayers.

For example, do taxpayers in, say, California even understand that they have
given up millions of dollars in tax revenue over the years to, in effect,
underwrite the display of paintings in other states?

''Some states are going to become aware of this and realize what potential
revenue they are missing under the current laws,'' said Steven Thomas, a lawyer
in Los Angeles who advises art collectors on tax matters.

Supporters defend the practice as an important way to ensure public access to
significant art before it disappears into private collections. Robert Storr, the
dean of the Yale School of Art in Connecticut, described it as a ''great
resource'' for museums. At the Schnitzer, a teaching museum, curators and
members of the faculty use the loans in their programs.

''The two museums, the Portland Art Museum and the Jordan Schnitzer Museum of
Art, are the beneficiaries of getting amazing works of art that they would not
get,'' said Jordan Schnitzer, a businessman and collector who donated millions
of dollars to the Eugene museum that bears his name and served on the board of
the Portland museum.

But critics of the practice also question whether museums curry favor with
possible donors by accepting loans, and they complain that works are sometimes
exhibited without the context or curatorial judgment that museums traditionally
provide. A recent visit to the Portland museum found some lent works exhibited
haphazardly: a Cubist work from the 1950s, for example, placed amid American art
from the 1980s.

States employ use taxes to compensate for residents who avoid sales taxes by
shopping in another state. The tax rate is generally the same as the sales tax,
and people are supposed to calculate what they owe on items bought out of state,
then pay that amount as part of their tax filings.

Art collectors who seek to avoid the tax typically offer a recently purchased
work to a museum in one of five states - New Hampshire, Oregon, Alaska, Montana
and Delaware - that do not have a use tax so that the loan does not incur a tax.

As long as the painting stays at the museum for an extended period, typically
more than three months, before being shipped home, the practice in several
states where collectors live, like California, is to regard the exhibition as a
first ''use'' of the item and waive any tax. The result is a tax-free
transaction.

The tax strategy is 100 percent legal, experts say, as long as all stages of the
museum transfer are handled correctly.

Schnitzer officials said that many California collectors had taken advantage of
the tax provision. ''We are on their way home,'' said Jill Hartz, the executive
director of the museum.

California explicitly outlines a ''first use'' exemption in its tax code. It
says that property, whether a couch or a Caravaggio, that is first ''used'' out
of state for more than 90 days does not incur the tax.

States have no reliable calculus to measure what sort of tax revenue is being
lost. But in a recent example, a California collector is eligible to save at
least $390,000 by employing the tactic.

The collector bought a painting, ''Ribs Ribs,'' by Jean-Michel Basquiat, at
auction in New York last year for $5.2 million. Since the painting was being
shipped out of state, the new owner was not liable for the New York sales tax.

But the buyer would still have owed use taxes in California (which range from
7.5 percent to 10 percent of a sale price), had the work been sent directly
there. Instead, the Basquiat went to the Schnitzer, a detour that meant that the
collector was eligible for the first-use exemption, according to the dealer
involved in the transaction.

''It is one thing if you are buying a pair of shoes or pots and pans,'' said
Anne-Marie Rhodes, a Loyola University Chicago law professor, ''but in these
times, when regular taxpayers have it so difficult, to have such an easy way to
avoid the use tax is hard to justify.''

Brian Ferriso, the Portland Art Museum's director, said his institution insisted
in most cases that a work of art be lent for at least 120 days, not 90, to give
it greater public exposure but also to avoid any appearance that its program
exists purely to fit the prerequisites of the California tax provision.

''We want to be seen as an institution that is putting art on the wall in a
transparent fashion,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          September 28, 2011 Wednesday

Cyprus dismisses Turkish accusations of causing problems in Mediterranean

LENGTH: 451 words


Text of report in English by Greek Cypriot news agency CNA

Nicosia, Sep 27 (CNA) The government has dismissed Ankara's claims that Cyprus
is causing problems in the Mediterranean, pointing out that Turkey is the
trouble-maker in the area.

"It is worth noting that the international community has addressed itself to
Turkey, urging Ankara to respect international law and order," Government
Spokesman Stephanos Stephanou [Stefanos Stefanou] said, in response to Turkish
allegations that the start of exploratory drilling, off Cyprus' southeastern
coast, for natural gas reserves has created problems in the region.

"We call on Turkey to respect international legality and to stop provoking
because such moves only serve to expose Turkey itself to the world," the
Spokesman added, commenting on remarks by Turkey's chief negotiator with the EU
Egemen Bagis.

Speaking to the press after today's Cabinet meeting, Stephanou said that a
political settlement in Cyprus will provide big opportunities for cooperation
between the island's two communities within the united federal Cyprus Republic
on one hand and between Cyprus and Turkey on the other.

"Nonetheless, the Republic of Cyprus cannot be held hostage to Turkey's unlawful
acts, including the continuing occupation of the Republic's northern part and
the violation of Cyprus' territorial integrity and of the human rights of the
Cypriot people, Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots," he said.

Cyprus, as an EU and a UN member state, is exercising its sovereign rights, and
in this particular case its right to explore and exploit possible natural gas
reserves.

Turkey, whose troops occupy Cyprus' northern part since they invaded in 1974,
does not recognise the Republic of Cyprus. Following a decision by Nicosia to
begin natural gas and oil exploration in its exclusive economic zone, Ankara has
deployed warships in the Eastern Mediterranean and has signed an illegal
agreement with the Turkish Cypriot regime in occupied Cyprus to delineate what
it calls continental shelf.

Drilling has already begun by Houston-based "Noble Energy", off Cyprus'
south-eastern coast.

The government of Cyprus has protested to the UN and the EU Turkey's moves,
saying it has a sovereign right to exploit its natural resources, pointing out
that Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots will benefit from any benefits that may
come from oil drilling.

Cyprus has signed an agreement to delineate the Exclusive Economic Zone with
Egypt and Israel with a view to exploit any possible natural gas and oil
reserves in its EEZ. A similar agreement has been signed with Lebanon but the
Lebanese Parliament has not yet ratified it.

Source: Cyprus News Agency, Nicosia, in English 1830 gmt 27 Sep 11

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                               September 18, 2006

E-mail security vendor readies gateway offering

BYLINE: Cara Garretson

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 454 words


Declude, which for years has been selling its e-mail security technology for use
in mail servers, on Monday announceda version of its antispam and antivirus
product for gateways.

Previous to its rollout of the new Interceptor product, Declude's offerings have
been available only for IpSwitch's IMail and SmarterTools' SmarterMail e-mail
servers.

The core technology behind Declude's e-mail security products is called Security
Flaw Scanning, which is designed to catch structurally flawed messages in which
viruses can easily hide and pass through virus scanners undetected, says Dave
Barker, director of product marketing.

At the Boston Celtics, where vice president of technology Jay Wessel manages 100
e-mail boxes running on an IMail server, Declude's antispam and antivirus
technology has been in use for about five years. According to Wessel, his
organization has been spared a number of e-mail threats attempting to exploit
Outlook vulnerabilities by Declude's e-mail security technology, which he uses
in conjunction with other antivirus products.

"We use Declude out at the periphery, and the bulk of the [protection] is done
by Declude. I've absolutely seen some of those Outlook vulnerability exploits,
and they get blocked," he says. "I would hope that at the user level the other
[antivirus] tools would be doing their jobs, but I don't like taking chances."

In addition to this zero-hour virus protection, Interceptor features spam
protection powered by Commtouch's integrated RPD engine, integrated AVG virus
scanning from Grisoft, whitelist and blacklist monitoring, predefined reports
offering threat statistics and automatic updates for administrators.

While entering the already crowded e-mail security market could be viewed as
risky, Declude CEO Rich Person says the company's unique Security Flaw Scanning
technology and pricing strategy set it apart. Interceptor costs from $375 per
year for organizations with 10 to 15 employees to a maximum price of $12,500 per
year, with discounts taking effect on subsequent years. Those prices include all
modules and a service agreement, he says.

In addition, Declude has 3,000 customers using its e-mail security product for
mail servers, Person says, so it's not as if the company is starting from square
one.

Aiming primarily at the small and midsize business market, Declude competes with
companies such as Symantec, Barracuda, IronPort and Mirapoint.


PROFILE: DECLUDEHeadquarters:Newburyport, Mass.Founded:2001Product
portfolio:Interceptor gateway e-mail security software; Security Suite e-mail
server software; MailProtector e-mail security hosted service.CEO:Rich Person,
previously head of software company Poindexter
Systems.Employees:17Financials:Privately held

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2006 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            January 6, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Solid reputation paints bull's-eye on Mozilla's Firefox: Free Web browser is
known to be virtually impregnable to viruses and pop-ups, but it isn't
hack-proof

BYLINE: SARAH STAPLES, CanWest News Service

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 901  words


A reputation for being virtually impregnable to viruses, pop-ups and other
nasties of the Web is driving millions of fed-up computer users to ditch
Internet Explorer in favour of the supposedly hack-proof alternative, Firefox,
Mozilla's free Web browser.

There's only one problem: the upstart isn't hack-proof at all.

The evidence is at K-Otic.com, a Web site where hackers and security experts
post their latest "exploits" - coded recipes for manipulating vulnerabilities
detected in software or operating system programs.

From 2004 to the start of 2005 alone, there were no fewer than 55 ways found to
get inside computers and control them through Firefox, mostly without leaving a
trace, the latest posted yesterday.

As the popularity of Firefox grows, experts caution, so will the number of
successful hacks and attempts. The browser's reputation for "safety and
reliability" will paint a bull's-eye on its back.

"If you can actively exploit Internet Explorer in so many ways, hackers, they
get bored quick. They're going to be looking for a new challenge. And what's
going to fuel that fire is every person who says (Firefox) is so much more
secure," said Ryan Purita, a West Coast programmer who is one of a handful of
certified forensic examiners in Canada.

"For hackers, it'll be a badge of honour to go out there and prove them wrong."

Praise for Firefox in the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, Forbes and
elsewhere has raised Firefox's cachet in recent weeks. More than 14 million
people have downloaded the browser since it was officially launched on Nov. 9,
2004.

The attraction is an uncomplicated interface, and features such as instant
access to Google, pop-up blockers, and its obstruction of so-called "Active-X
controls" - an architectural feature of IE that has proven to be an effective
back door for hundreds of hacker attacks.

In less than two months, Firefox has grabbed a four-per-cent share of the
browser market, making it the second-most popular engine after Internet
Explorer, and dropping back IE to roughly a 90-per-cent take, according to
Internet analysis firm WebSideStory.

Pundits now debate the possibility of a renewed browser war not unlike the
mid-1990s battle between IE and arch-nemesis Netscape, which ended with the
latter's demise - and now, rebirth.

A few years after AOL bought Netscape, the browser code was bequeathed to the
Mozilla Foundation, based in Mountainview, Calif. It re-emerged first as a beta
engine in 2000, then was further re-engineered as Firefox.

Mozilla officials themselves recognize attempts to hack their products in a
prominent section on their Web site, but say Firefox and a new e-mail
application, Thunderbird, are still safer than IE, for which Microsoft receives
daily notice of blindside attacks.

"Historically, we've had a fewer number of vulnerabilities and they've been less
severe," said Mozilla director of engineering Chris Hofmann.

But the statistics suggest an ominous trend. As early as 2000, when Firefox was
but a teething babe at the Mozilla programming lab, K-Otic.com had found three
exploits for early Mozilla programs, bugs that would apply equally to Firefox,
Purita said.

The tally grew to 15 exploits in 2001. It bulged to 27 exploits in 2002, and in
2003, reached 30 known exploits. Last year, the number of exploits nearly
doubled.

Yesterday, Danish security firm Secunia.com posted a "fix" shoring up several
vulnerabilities within Firefox and Thunderbird it rated as "highly critical."

Interlopers could turn a computer into a "zombie" used to launch "denial of
service" attacks against other machines - flooding them with useless

e-mail until they crash. Or they could root around in search of files, and
"spoof" aspects of a system to trick it into disclosing sensitive information,
such as bank account numbers, according to Secunia's alert.

Perceptions of Firefox's invulnerability owe much to its open-source history.
Hundreds of volunteers helped refurbish the old Netscape by tracking down "bugs"
and vulnerabilities as a hobby, Hofmann said.

Proponents of open-source programming argue altruistic pursuit of perfection by
legions of anonymous programmers is bound to produce better code than a
proprietary engine such as Microsoft's.

"We do have a community that's very serious about security and fixing problems
fast when they show up," the Mozilla spokesperson said.

"We get a lot of professors, graduate undergraduate students doing security
research on a volunteer basis, trying to figure out the potential for exploits.
That's another strength we have," he said.

But Purita, whose role at the Vancouver consulting firm Totally Connected
Security Ltd., among other things, is to test corporate networks for problems,
believes both browsers are similarly vulnerable.

The difference, he argued, is strictly a "numbers game."

"If you can exploit hundreds of millions of machines running Internet Explorer,
why go after the 10 per cent of people who are running Firefox? If I want to do
a massive hack, I want people with a similar operating system," he said. "And
I'm not being paid by Microsoft to say that."

The speed with which hackers share knowledge makes the Internet a far more
dangerous place today than it has ever been, he said.

"It's complete access to whatever malicious activity they want to do, whether
it's to reformat your hard-drive, copy financial data or keystroke log your
passwords for online banking."

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             April 19, 2013 Friday

Company helping wherever it is called

BYLINE: George Barnes

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 660 words

DATELINE: WINCHENDON


WINCHENDON - Steven B. Curtis Sr. is, in a way, like the minutemen whose
exploits are celebrated on Patriot's Day.

When a crisis hits, Curtis and his Winchendon-based firm Old Time Restoration
find themselves called to action.

Old Time Restoration specializes in old building and especially church
restoration, including repair and replacement of steeples. He is needed when
major structural problems are discovered or storm damage strikes the often
historic buildings.

Early this spring, Mr. Curtis was called to Hempstead, N.Y., on Long Island to
repair one of scores of churches damaged by Superstorm Sandy. The storm roared
up the coast in October 2012 and landed especially hard on New York and New
Jersey.

"I had just finished up the Hardwick Unitarian Universalist Church when in
January I got a call from the Christ First Presbyterian Church" in Hempstead, he
said. "They said they had water pouring into their building."

The church had lost slate from its roof and had the cross on its 120-foot
steeple blown off. The cross landed on the roof and punched a hole in it. The
storm also blew the church's windows out.

"We took down the cross and are straightening it out," Mr. Curtis said. "We hope
to get it back up in the next week."

They are also repairing a cupola on another part of the church that was damaged
when a cross on it spun round in the hurricane winds. And they are repairing a
large section of roof, including about 180 pieces of slate.

"Right now we're inside painting and trying to repair water damage," he said.

Much of the painting takes place standing 30 feet up on a ladder.

"It's a really high ceiling there," he said.

Mr. Curtis said he was called because of the number of churches damaged and the
relatively small number of companies that specialize in restoring old buildings.
Old Time Restoration is one of only a few in New England, including the company
he learned his craft from, Skyline Engineers of Fitchburg.

"There are probably six or seven companies that specialize in it," he said.

Mr. Curtis has restored churches and steeples in many communities around the
state, including Athol, Brookfield, Hardwick, Holden, North Brookfield,
Templeton and Worcester. He also went down to Lexington, Va., a few years ago
and repaired the historic Robert E. Lee Memorial Church.

The project in New York was similar to many he has done, church parishes looking
to prevent further damage and bring their buildings back to new. In most cases,
he said, the churches are historic. The Christ First Presbyterian Church
congregation dates to 1644, around the time the town was founded. It is one of
the oldest Presbyterian congregations in the country. The church was used by the
British to quarter troops during the American Revolution.

This is an important restoration for a couple of reasons," Mr. Curtis said.
"It's important not just for the history but because the church is in the middle
of a community, a lot like Fitchburg."

Mr. Curtis said Hempstead has many struggling immigrant families, but the parish
continues to do what it can to repair and maintain the old beautiful building.

"It's a huge building," he said.

Mr. Curtis said the community is also struggling to get back from the damage
caused by the hurricane. He said there were 20 families living in his hotel who
could not return home.

"These people are struggling to get their lives back," he said.

Mr. Curtis said prices have also skyrocketed for such things as roll-off trash
containers and materials because of the high demand.

"Everything has doubled," he said.

The restoration is not one of the bigger projects done by Old Time Restoration.
Mr. Curtis said he has done or the most complex, but it is significant to the
congregation. He said he expects to complete the work by May 15 at a cost of
about $125,000. He has also donated about $30,000 worth of rubber roofing to
help out the congregation.

Contact George Barnes at gbarnes@telegram.com Follow him on Twitter
@georgebarnesTG

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WINCHENDON - Steven B. Curtis Sr. is, in a way, like the minutemen
whose exploits are celebrated on Patriot's Day. When a crisis hits, Curtis and
his Winchendon-based firm Old Time Restoration find themselves called to action.
Old Time Restoration specializes in old building and especially church
restoration, including repair and replacement of steeples. He is needed when
major structural problems are discovered or storm damage strikes the often
historic buildings.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday

Marcos 'war medals' exposed, questioned (1)

LENGTH: 806  words


How many medals did Marcos actually receive for his alleged feats of heroism in
World War II? The count has become a numbers game.

Hartzell Spence, in his book, 'For Every Tear a Victory: The Story of Ferdinand
E. Marcos' (McGraw-Hill Inc., New York, 1964), credits Marcos with 28, including
American awards. More a hagiographer than a biographer, Spence has been the
purveyor of embroidered tales about Marcos' life and deeds to the credulous and
gullible public, both Philippine and American. It was Spence who propagated the
myth that Marcos singlehandedly delayed the fall of Bataan by three months-with
the encouragement and consent, no doubt, of Marcos. It was Spence who recounted
the ridiculous story that when Gen. Omar Bradley 'saw Ferdinand's six rows of
ribbons headed by 22 valor medals including the Distinguished Service Cross, the
four-star general saluted Marcos.'

The story is patently false because in May 1947, the date of the comic
Bradley-Marcos encounter in the Pentagon, the Armed Forces of the Philippines
(AFP) could account only for six war medals. Most of the medals of Marcos were
conferred on him by the AFP only from 1948 to 1963.

On the occasion of the multimillion-dollar extravaganza (the Marcos state visit
to the USA), the Philippine Embassy in Washington, DC gave the widest
dissemination of propaganda materials glorifying the war exploits of Marcos. A
brochure titled 'Friends in War, Ferdinand E. Marcos in the Pacific War,
1941-45' tabulates 32 medals. The souvenir program contains, among others, a
picture of Marcos with the inscription at the back that during the Pacific War,
Marcos won 33 American and Philippine medals. A more modest claim, however, is
made that Marcos delayed the fall of Bataan 'by weeks,' not three months, as
Spence propagandized earlier in his campaign biography of Marcos.

The salvo of paeans to Marcos' vaunted war heroism was part of a well-funded
drive to influence the powers-that-be in the US to award Marcos the
Congressional Medal of Honor. At this juncture, it may be recalled that it was
Spence again who fantasized that upon hearing the exploits of Marcos in Bataan,
Gen. Jonathan Wainwright from his headquarters in Corregidor called by phone the
21st Division directing that Marcos be recommended for a Congressional Medal of
Honor. Accordingly, Brig. Gen. Mateo Capinpin allegedly made the recommendation
but the papers got conveniently lost, hence the explanation why Marcos was
robbed of the singular honor of receiving the much coveted American award.

Claiming that the recommendation was 'sidetracked,' Bataan, purportedly a
Philippine magazine published in Washington, DC, came out with a special edition
(Sept. 20, 1982) urging the conferment of the Congressional Medal of Honor on
Marcos 40 years after the guns of Bataan and Corregidor were silenced!

Unfortunately for the drumbeaters of Marcos, the grant of the Congressional
Medal of Honor has prescribed time limitations. The recommendation has to be
made within two years after the deed of extraordinary valor above and beyond the
call of duty. The actual conferment has to be made within three years after such
deed. Only the US Congress can waive the time limitation, but apparently the
move for Congressional waiver was laughed off.

There is not a scintilla of evidence in the files of the US Army Center of
Military History, the National [Personnel] Records Center of the [National]
Archives, the US Army Library in Pentagon, the Library of Congress, etc. that
Marcos performed an authentic deed of extraordinary valor deserving the grant of
the Congressional Medal of Valor.

The reports of and about the defense of Bataan by the staff of Gen. Douglas
MacArthur, Jonathan Wainwright and George Parker Jr. do not show the faintest
trace of Marcos' single-handed feat of stemming the tide of Japanese advance in
Bataan that delayed its fall by three months. Even the foremost deodorizer of
the Marcos dictatorship, Carlos P. Romulo, made no mention of Marcos among the
heroes he 'walked with.'

But the count remains. The statistical projection, whether it be 28, 32 or 33,
creates and fosters the impression-as it is deliberately intended to-that Marcos
was the most decorated Filipino soldier in World War II. None of the participant
nations during the war could produce a hero with as many awards as Marcos-not
excluding General MacArthur himself. That is, if the count of the Marcos medals
is devoid of fraudulence and deception.

What is deliberately concealed in the accounting of the Marcos medals is the
date of issue of each of the awards. If this one essential detail is shown, the
stark truth stands out. It was not during the war that he was awarded these
medals. Marcos managed to have himself awarded these medals by the AFP long
after the war was over! (More details in succeeding parts.)

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

Oregon: Liquor Control Commission, The state of Oregon has Issues Solicitation
for "RFQ OLCC Information Security Asse & Technical Risk Assessment"

LENGTH: 450  words

DATELINE: Salem


Liquor Control Commission, The state of Oregon  has issued requirement for "RFQ
OLCC Information Security Asse & Technical Risk Assessment"

Reference No.: DASPS-2050-15

Solicitation Type:  RFP

Description: The State of Oregon, acting by and through its Department of
Administrative Services, State
Services Division, State Procurement Office (DAS SPO) on behalf of the State of
Oregon,
Liquor Control Commission, hereby provides Public Notice of its Request for
Quotes.
To meet OLCC's stated goals, Contractor will conduct an Information Security
Assessment -
Technical Risk Assessment. The assessment will consist of a comprehensive,
customized
Penetration Test, plus a Device Configuration Review for three network devices
to be
specified by OLCC. Contractor will perform physical site audits and attempt
social
engineering exploits at the seven locations specified in this Request for Quote.
Also,
Contractor will perform a comprehensive review of agency's Active Directory
system and
provide recommendations for enhancements to improve security. Finally,
contractor will
provide training workshops in order to educate OLCC staff on methods and
prevention of
social engineering exploits.

All comments relating to this Request for Quote should be directed to the
following contact.

State of Oregon - Contract Administrator
Rena Sawyer, Procurement Specialist
Department of Administrative Services,
Enterprise Goods and Services
Procurement Services
1225 Ferry Street SE U140
Salem, Oregon 97301
e-mail: rena.sawyer@oregon.gov

This Request for Quote is in compliance with Contract # 3405 Incident Response
Service
Vendor List. This Request for Quote along with a Request for Quote document are
posted on
the Oregon Procurement Information Network (ORPIN) at http://orpin.oregon.gov
and will not
be mailed to interested persons.
Interested persons without access to ORPIN may download copies at DAS
Procurement Services,
1225 Ferry St. SE - U140, Salem, Oregon. Interested persons may also order hard
copies from
DAS Procurement Services for a fee. Interested persons unfamiliar with ORPIN may
contact
DAS Procurement Services at 1225 Ferry St. SE - U140, Salem, OR 97301-4285;
telephone
number (503) 378-4642.

Interested persons may submit questions or comments about this Request for Quote
to Rena
Sawyer, at Rena.Sawyer@oregon.gov on or before March 13. 2015 2:00 PM PST.

Deadline for All responses: 03/18/2015 2:00 PM

Contact Information:

DAS Procurement Services
1225 Ferry St SE
Salem, Oregon
97301
Contact:   Rena A Sawyer
Phone:   1 (503) 378-2272
Fax:
Email:   rena.sawyer@state.or.us

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 6, 1993, Saturday, City Edition

Bush WWII exploits to be in new gallery

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL DIGEST; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 520 words

DATELINE: FREDERICKSBURG, Texas; EAST LANSING, Mich.; COSTA MESA, Calif.



The World War II exploits of former President George Bush will be celebrated  in
a new gallery planned at a museum here honoring Bush's wartime commander,  Adm.
Chester Nimitz. Museum officials said Friday that the $ 4-million George  Bush
Gallery of the Pacific War will occupy a new wing of the Adm. Nimitz  Museum and
Historical Center in this central Texas Hill Country town, which  was Nimitz's
birthplace. Scheduled to open in September 1995 to mark the 50th  anniversary of
the allied victory in the Pacific war, the gallery will recount  Bush's mission
as a fighter pilot in the Pacific theater.

Ex-Yugoslav leader to go back to Calif.

COSTA MESA, Calif. - Milan Panic, the Yugoslav prime minister ousted by
hard-line Serbs after trying to end the killing in the Balkans, is heading  home
to run the pharmaceutical company he founded. Panic, 63, planned to stop  in
Geneva and possibly New York, David Calef, a spokesman for ICN  Pharmaceuticals,
said Thursday. It wasn't clear when he would arrive in  California. Panic, a
Serb immigrant who founded ICN 33 years ago, left the  company in July when the
Yugoslav Parliament elected him prime minister. A  U.S. citizen, Panic was
chosen in part because he was a popular entrepreneur  with political connections
in the United States. He lost a December election  for Serbian president to
Socialist Slobodan Milosevic. He clashed frequently  with Milosevic and, days
after the presidential election, the Yugoslav  Parliament voted no confidence in
his government. He remained prime minister  until February.

No charges set against Kevorkian

EAST LANSING, Mich. - A document suggesting that a man may have protested
before he died with the assistance of Dr. Jack Kevorkian isn't enough to  prompt
criminal charges, a prosecutor said Friday. The document - a private  report by
Kevorkian - was pulled from the garbage of a Kevorkian associate  last month by
a member of the anti-abortion group Operation Rescue and given  to authorities.
The report on the Feb. 15 death of Hugh Gale, 70, of  Roseville, Mich.,
indicates that Gale asked twice that the mask through which  he was breathing
carbon monoxide be removed, but that the second time he said  "take it off"
nothing was done. Kevorkian's lawyer says the second "take it  off" was a typing
error and the reason the report was thrown in the trash.

Briefly

La. executes man: Robert Wayne Sawyer, 42, whose lawyers claimed he was
mentally retarded, became the first person in Louisiana to be executed by
lethal injection early Friday.

S.F. police chief not charged in harassment case: The San Francisco Police
Commission has decided not to pursue sexual harassment allegations against
Chief Anthony Ribera, but the officer who made the charge says she will pursue
a federal complaint. "I stand by the charges that I made," Officer Joanne  Welsh
said Thursday before she was transferred to a district station from her  job as
police spokeswoman. She alleged that Ribera made romantic advances and  bought
her gifts in 1989.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              770 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             June 22, 2006 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Democratic candidates snub Romney proposal;
Governor: 'We are talking about arresting illegal immigrants.'

BYLINE: John J. Monahan, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEW ENGLAND; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 798 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


The three Democrats running for governor yesterday agreed that the state should
crack down on employers who exploit illegal immigrants by enforcing wage and
hour laws, but were skeptical of a new plan by Gov. Mitt Romney to have state
police investigate and arrest illegal immigrants living in Massachusetts.

The governor triggered concerns from civil libertarians and immigrant advocates
yesterday by announcing he would ask federal permission to have state police
arrest illegal immigrants whom they encounter during their normal course of
duties. He said yesterday he hoped it would demonstrate that illegal aliens are
not welcome in Massachusetts.

Currently, state police have no authority to arrest people based solely on their
immigration status. If a person is arrested for criminal offenses, state police
can contact federal immigration authorities and detain them if requested,
according to the governor's office.

Under the special powers the governor seeks, state police would be empowered to
investigate a person's immigration status during routine traffic stops or other
interactions with the public, and decide whether they should be taken into
custody. Four other states have that authority.

In a radio interview yesterday, Mr. Romney said, "What we are talking about is
arresting illegal aliens here, not people who are legal immigrants."

The governor said the "primary responsibility" for enforcing immigration laws
falls to federal agencies. But he added, "We can as a state do everything in our
power to make sure we are not an attractive area for illegal immigrants to come
and move, and that we make it harder to get work here. We make it harder for
people who are here illegally to get benefits. And these are the kind of changes
we are working hard to put in place."

The Democrats trying to succeed Mr. Romney all called for enforcement of state
wage and hour laws to crack down on employers who exploit illegal immigrants,
but were hesitant to sign on to a plan to arrest illegal immigrants who
otherwise obey the law.

Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly said the governor's proposal raises "a whole
host of questions," starting with "what are you going to do with them" once they
are detained? "Where are you going to hold them... Our jails are full," Mr.
Reilly said.

Federal immigration authorities, he said, "are having problems right now, in
terms of people who are picked up and detained." Police contacting them about
illegal immigrants are told they have no interest in arresting them. "They call
immigration and immigration has no interest in this," Mr. Reilly said.

Mr. Reilly said he would support giving police more authority to seek
deportation of illegal immigrants who violate the state and federal criminal
laws, as part of a national policy, if such a role "is carved out for states."

Boston businessman Christopher F. Gabrieli said the governor is launching the
proposal during an election season after ignoring the issue for the past several
years.

"My focus would be on the employers. I think they are the bad characters in this
story," Mr. Gabrieli said. He called the idea outlined by the governor, to have
state police investigate individual immigrants' status, "chiefly symbolic."

"He is proposing it now, with a few months to go, while stopping into
Massachusetts between campaign stops," Mr. Gabrieli said.

Deval L. Patrick, former assistant U.S. attorney for civil rights, also
described the governor's proposal as a political ploy.

"The governor's plan isn't a plan. It's government by gimmick and slogan and
photo-op," he said. "What we need is comprehensive immigration reform. We need a
balanced approach at the federal and state level."

Mr. Patrick said he supports legislation such as the bill proposed by Sens. John
S. McCain 3rd, R-Ariz., and Edward M. Kennedy, D-Mass., to beef up border
security and create a path for citizenship for illegal aliens already living and
working in the country. At the state level, Mr. Patrick said, there needs to be
more enforcement of state wage and hour laws to prevent worker exploitation.

"I think the state police have a lot to do already, much of what they are not
able to do because they don't have the resources. I think asking the state
police to take on a federal responsibility is not their job," Mr. Patrick said.

Lt. Gov. Kerry Healey, the Republican candidate for governor, supports the
measure, saying the state needs more tools to enforce immigration laws, a
spokeswoman said.

"The state police need the ability, when they see illegal activity, to react in
an enforceable way, as far as immigration goes," said Amy Lambiaso, press
secretary for Ms. Healey's campaign team.

"The federal government has given us the leeway to do that and we need to make
sure this happens."

Mr. Gabrieli

Mr. Patrick

Mr. Reilly

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            September 9, 2013 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

TOUR BUS FIRMS FRUSTRATE REGULATORS;
THE COMPANIES EXPLOIT LOOPHOLES TO STAY IN BUSINESS

BYLINE: Jeff Plungis, Bloomberg News

SECTION: LAW; Pg. D-9

LENGTH: 991 words


Outside New York's Winter Garden Theatre, where "Mamma Mia" is nearing the end
of a 13-year Broadway run, unwitting tourists board a bus bearing the name of a
company U.S. regulators tried to close two years ago.

New York Party Shuttle LLC was told to stop running buses in 2011 after failing
a safety audit. A sister company in Washington was ordered off the road in April
for violations that included lying about using a driver who failed a drug test,
according to the shutdown order.

The companies nonetheless helped load buses daily in both cities, showing how
businesses can exploit loopholes and murky jurisdiction to stymie regulators who
say they're aggressively policing buses for hire.

"They're regulating an amorphous industry with moving targets, like a game of
whack-a-mole," said Deborah Hersman, chairman of the U.S. National
Transportation Safety Board, which investigates bus crashes.

The companies' owner, Houston lawyer C. Thomas Schmidt, said in an email and
interview that his operations now fall outside of federal, state or local rules.
Regulators to date have agreed or found no evidence to contradict him.

Bus transportation was the fastest-growing form of U.S. intercity travel last
year, with scheduled departures up 7.5 percent to 1,052 trips a day, the most in
four years, according to a DePaul University study. It's grown between 5.1
percent and 9.8 percent a year since 2006, reversing a 26-year decline.

The growth has come at a cost. In February, a bus carrying Mexican tourists
returning from a day trip to the mountains crashed in California, killing eight
people. In 2011, a bus carrying residents of New York's Chinatown coming back
from a casino crashed in the Bronx with 15 fatalities.

"Reincarnated" carriers frustrate regulators because they repaint buses and
change names to evade shutdown orders. The New York and Washington companies,
which operate as OnBoard Tours, are different in that they operate in plain
view.

Men wearing blue OnBoard Tours shirts check names off a clipboard as passengers
present tickets for the "NY See It All" tour, with stops in Times Square, the
Flatiron Building, Wall Street and Central Park's Strawberry Fields. A driver
with an OnBoard Tours shirt sits behind the wheel. The scene repeats itself in
Washington's "DC It All" tour.

Mr. Schmidt, in an interview, said his New York company can no longer be
federally regulated because it doesn't operate over state lines. It isn't
subject to state regulations because New York City sightseeing tours are exempt,
he said.

Last year he persuaded a judge he wasn't a tour operator, either, in a decision
that overturned a $71,200 fine imposed by the city Department of Consumer
Affairs for operating a sightseeing company without a license.

In Washington, Mr. Schmidt has been allowed by U.S. regulators to run tours by
chartering an outside bus operator. The shutdown order prohibits him from
leasing or renting vehicles.

Federal regulators "have zero authority over a tour company," Mr. Schmidt said.
"They only have authority over buses. The tour is not a bus thing. It's a
walking thing and a boat thing. The bus just takes you from a couple of point As
to a couple of point Bs."

In a December hearing before a New York City administrative law judge, Mr.
Schmidt called himself a "travel agency of the modern day," comparable to
Expedia.com, that sold tickets for other companies without operating buses or
tours.

While Mr. Schmidt said he's not a tour operator, OnBoard Tours sells tickets
through branded websites operated by a Delaware- based company whose officer is
Mr. Schmidt, corporate records show.

Washington DC Party Shuttle LLC, which operates as OnBoard DC Tours, was the
first company U.S. regulators closed this year after training 54 investigators
to target what they deemed the riskiest operators.

Mr. Schmidt is the company's chief executive officer, and corporate records show
he organized it.

Ray LaHood, then the U.S. transportation secretary, said in an April 24 news
release that the department was "making good on our pledge to get unsafe
companies off the road." The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, the
transportation department's bus regulator, has ordered 28 motorcoach companies
to shut down since that effort began.

According to the 2013 shutdown order, Washington DC Party Shuttle and Mr.
Schmidt can't be involved in bus operations in any way, even with rented or
leased vehicles.

New York Party Shuttle has operated buses without insurance, according to a
lawsuit related to a 2011 accident in which a pedestrian was injured. She is
suing Mr. Schmidt to recover the cost of her medical bills, court records show.

In 2010, an insurance company revoked New York Party Shuttle's liability
coverage. The insurer said it was misled into believing the buses weren't
crossing state lines, according to an email obtained by Bloomberg and confirmed
by the insurer as authentic.

"There are red flags at every turn," Lancer Insurance Co.'s Fran Walsh wrote in
the email. "To knowingly be running across interstate lines illegally is
unacceptable.

Mr. Schmidt and his companies remain blocked by federal regulators from
operating buses. A proposal by Washington Party Shuttle to improve its safety
practices and end the April shutdown order was rejected, said Marissa Padilla, a
FMCSA spokeswoman.

"To date, we have no evidence that the out-of-service order that was issued
against the company and its owner has been violated," Ms. Padilla said. "While
we are aware that the owner sells tickets for tours through other carriers, the
agency does not have the authority to regulate such activities."

Bus-ticket sellers aren't federally regulated, something U.S. accident
investigators have identified as a safety concern since 2005. A motorcoach
carrying senior citizens evacuating Hurricane Rita crashed, caught fire and
killed 23 people. The nursing home used a broker which hired a company with a
spotty safety.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              772 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                        MARCH 29, 1999 Monday SF EDITION

UCONN CONFIDENT IT CAN BEDEVIL FAVORED DUKE / THE UNDERDOG HUSKIES SAY THEY ARE
READY TO EXPLOIT THE FEW CRACKS IN THE BLUE DEVILS' ARMOR.

BYLINE: Ray Parrillo, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E04

LENGTH: 1073 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.


Their pulse rates had just backed down to normal after beating Ohio State when
the Connecticut Huskies gathered around a television monitor late Saturday,
searching for fault lines in Duke's basketball monolith.

One of the interested viewers - Khalid El-Amin, UConn's chunky, cocksure point
guard - walked away encouraged by what he saw as the Blue Devils, the finest
college basketball team in the country, won the trench war against Michigan
State, setting up tonight's NCAA championship game against the Huskies at
Tropicana Field.

"We definitely saw some indications of what we have to do to win," El-Amin said,
wearing the expression of a safecracker who had just been given the combination.

But he wasn't going to let the news media, and by extension top-ranked Duke, in
on the secret. "I'm not going to say."

Maybe El-Amin, UConn's emotional leader, saw something in Duke that he and his
teammates can exploit. Maybe he's just trying to convince himself the Blue
Devils are beatable. Good for him, because few others believe the Huskies
(33-2), swift and talented as they are, can keep top-ranked Duke (37-1) from
being crowned champion for the third time this decade.

Certainly, UConn, a thick 9 1/2-point underdog despite their No. 3 ranking, is
not afraid to give it a shot in the first title game matchup between teams
ranked in the top three since the 1979 Michigan State-Indiana State game.

After all, the Huskies were the only other team to be atop the Associated Press
media poll this season, and they held the first spot for 10 weeks, compared with
eight by the Blue Devils.

"I think this is one of the few times in the history of the tourney when two
teams that have been ranked No. 1 most of the year play each other," said Duke
coach Mike Krzyzewski, who brings his Blue Devils to the final for the fifth
time this decade. "We're going up against the best transition team in the
country."

In fact, it's the first time that precise situation has occurred since 1965,
when UCLA and Michigan played for the title.

If tonight's game were decided by words, the Huskies would score a knockout.

"We're definitely going to attack them every which way with our offense,"
El-Amin said. "We have to make them stay on their heels on defense rather than
have them attack us with their defense. I think we bring a different challenge
to Duke, and I think it's going to be difficult for them to match up with us."

Brave words about a team that has won 32 straight, the last 14 by an average
margin of 26.9 points. The Blue Devils' 68-62 win over Michigan State in the
semifinal was their first single-digit margin of victory since defeating Georgia
Tech by 87-79 on Feb. 6.

UConn has a more modest streak - 10 straight - and has shown that no other team
goes from defense to offense as quickly or effectively.

This season, in an era when the most dominant teams seem to square off at some
point during the season, the Blue Devils and Huskies have been eyeing each other
from a distance.

The consensus seems to be that the Huskies will be the looser, more carefree
group. An anvil was lifted from their backs when they made it to the Final Four
for the first time after several near misses. Meantime, Duke's season may be
perceived by many as a disappointing one if the Blue Devils don't show up for
their own coronation. Given their talent and their ability to play any style
with precision, the Blue Devils have had to deal with enormous expectations.

"It would be taxing if we talked about it all the time," Krzyzewski said. "But
we haven't. We just talk about playing the game and having fun. The fact is,
Connecticut is capable of beating us, and we're capable of beating them."

The game should be entertaining, with a furious pace and some fascinating
matchups. The Huskies love to go, go, go, and the Blue Devils, well, they
average a mere 92.3 points a game. Each team has a first-team all-American -
6-foot-8 sophomore Elton Brand of Duke and 6-6 junior Richard Hamilton of UConn.

UConn coach Jim Calhoun indicated yesterday that the burly Brand, who had 18
points and 15 rebounds against Michigan State despite playing only 29 minutes
because of foul trouble, will be the main focus of his defense.

"Duke was a different team without Brand in the lineup," Calhoun said, alluding
to the Saturday night game. More than likely, forward Kevin Freeman will help
center Jake Voskuhl with the chore of trying to neutralize Brand.

The sleek Hamilton will mostly have to deal with 6-6 Chris Carrawell, who
matches the former Coatesville High star in athleticism as well as size.
Hamilton scored 24 in the Huskies' 64-58 semifinal win over Ohio State, and is
averaging 23.6 points during the tournament.

"He's a great offensive player," Carrawell said of Hamilton. "I'll try to deny
him the ball and just hope he misses a lot of his shots."

Krzyzewski also has the luxury of guarding Hamilton with 6-8 Shane Battier or
6-6 freshman Corey Maggette, perhaps the most talented college player in the
country, yet a sixth man for Duke.

"No question, Hamilton's as good an offensive player as we'll face this year,"
Krzyzewski said. "You can't find him in one spot. Jim [Calhoun] gives him
freedom to roam all over the court."

Another interesting matchup will be on the perimeter, where guards William Avery
of Duke and Ricky Moore of UConn will renew an old acquaintance. Avery, a 6-2
sophomore, and Moore, a 6-2 senior, grew up within two blocks of each other in
Augusta, Ga., and were high school teammates for one season.

Moore is a brilliant defender. His impact on UConn's win over Ohio State can't
be overstated, as he held Buckeyes sniper Scoonie Penn to 3-for-13 shooting.
Avery runs Duke's precise offense and scores 15 points a game. He's an effective
long-range shooter with the strength and quickness to beat a defender to the
basket.

"I'm not going to go out there looking to attack Ricky and make it a personal
thing," Avery said.

Moore didn't sound quite as gracious. "He was younger, and I was the teacher,"
he said, recalling his playing days with Avery. "My role is different now. He
hasn't seen Ricky in the role of a defender. But it doesn't matter who I'm
guarding; I think I can go out there and cause some havoc."

* Brand was named the men's Naismith Player of the Year by the Atlanta Tipoff
Club. Krzyzewski was named the men's coach of the year by the club.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            November 7, 2011 Monday

Cyprus government to announce second round of licensing for natural gas shortly

LENGTH: 450 words


Text of report in English by Greek Cypriot news agency CNA

["Government Announces Soon a Second Round of Licensing for Natural Gas"-Cyprus
News Agency headline]

Nicosia, 6 November: President of Cyprus and his government will continue
exercising Cyprus' sovereign rights to explore and exploit natural gas recourses
potentially located within its Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ), Government
Spokesman, Stephanos Stephanou [Stefanos Stefanou] has reiterated.

A second round of licensing for the commencement of explorations in other blocks
of Cyprus' EEZ, will soon be announced, the Spokesman said.

Speaking to the press on Saturday, Stephanou underlined that intensive work is
underway relating to the second round of licensing, adding that it is not a
simple issue, but rather one with many aspects, all of which are been considered
and assessed by the Government, and there will be a second round of licensing.

However, the Government Spokesman refrained from giving further details as to
the time the second round of licensing will be officially announced.

Asked if this is an exclusive right of the Government, Stephanou answered
affirmatively, adding that the Government's determination to exercise the
Republic's sovereign right for hydrocarbon explorations and exploitations within
its EEZ, has been proved by the way Government has acted till today. He said
that on October 2008, the Government signed an agreement with Noble Energy and
when the company completed the first phase of explorations, the Government
proceeded with the exploration drillings, currently underway.

Turkey, whose troops occupy Cyprus' northern part since they invaded in 1974,
does not recognise the Republic of Cyprus. Following a decision by Nicosia to
begin natural gas and oil exploration in its exclusive economic zone, Ankara has
deployed warships in the Eastern Mediterranean and has signed an illegal
agreement with the Turkish Cypriot regime in occupied Cyprus to delineate what
it calls continental shelf.

Drilling has already begun and is being carried out by Houston-based "Noble
Energy", off Cyprus' south-eastern coast.

The government of Cyprus has protested to the UN and the EU Turkey's moves,
saying it has a sovereign right to exploit its natural resources, pointing out
that Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots will benefit from any benefits that may
come from oil drilling.

Cyprus has signed an agreement to delineate the Exclusive Economic Zone with
Egypt and Israel with a view to exploit any possible natural gas and oil
reserves in its EEZ. A similar agreement has been signed with Lebanon but the
Lebanese Parliament has not yet ratified it.

Source: Cyprus News Agency, Nicosia, in English 0930 gmt 6 Nov 11

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             March 21, 2004 Sunday
                                  All Editions

Illini plan to exploit Bearcats' guard deficiency

BYLINE: Lindsey Willhite, Daily Herald Sports Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 409 words


COLUMBUS, Ohio - So much attention has been paid to Cincinnati's apparent
frontcourt superiority over Illinois that one vital item has been undervalued.

"We kind of need a point guard right now," said Bearcats coach Bob Huggins, "if
you haven't figured that out yet."

The 13th-ranked Fighting Illini figured it out in plenty of time for today's
NCAA Tournament second-round game.

Their trick has been mapping out plans to exploit the fact that the 11th-ranked
Bearcats rely on 6-foot-7 James White and 6-8 Armein Kirkland as their point
forwards.

"I think it's hopefully the one advantage we could use to our benefit," said
Illinois coach Bruce Weber. "Our smaller, quicker guards pressuring them,
spreading them out, disrupting them a little bit."

East Tennessee State, led by ridiculously quick 5-9 point guard Tim Smith,
forced Cincinnati into 17 turnovers during Friday's 80- 77 Bearcats win.

"I just think great guards get control of the game and open it up for everybody
else," Illinois guard Dee Brown said. "We apply pressure to change the way
people play. Hopefully with the big guards they've got, it'll affect them."

Brown and Smith would make a good match in a baseline-to- baseline race, though
the Bearcats might have inadvertently given Brown some bulletin-board material
by comparing the two.

"Dee Brown?" said Cincinnati senior guard Field Williams. "He's a very quick
player, but I don't think we'll ever see a player like Tim Smith again."

All apologies: Cincinnati senior guard Tony Bobbitt, never one to back down on
the court, did his best to minimize the effect of teammate Robert Whaley's
trash-talking after Illinois defeated Murray State.

Bobbitt apologized three times for the incident, though he grew more irritated
each time he was asked to do it.

"Like I said, if any of my teammates said anything to Illinois or their
teammates or coaching staff or trainers," Bobbitt said in his third attempt,
"me, Jason (Maxiell) and Field (Williams), being the leaders on this team, we
apologize. We just want to play basketball. May the best man win tomorrow."

By the numbers: Cincinnati has outrebounded opponents by 3.8 per game this year,
while Illinois has outdone its opponents by 3.0 per game.

The Bearcats have limited opponents to 38.6 percent field-goal shooting this
year, which ranks fifth in the nation and second among teams still in the NCAA
Tournament. They've allowed just two of their last 11 opponents to shoot at
least 40 percent.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dee Brown

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              775 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            November 20, 2016 Sunday
                                  WEB Edition

Murphy: Make no mistake, Eagles outmanned by Seahawks

BYLINE: David Murphy; DAILY NEWS COLUMNIST

SECTION: WEB; P-com Spt. Eagles; Pg. 999

LENGTH: 771 words


THERE WAS a lot of talk about mistakes in the wake of the 26-15 loss the Eagles
suffered at CenturyLink Field on Sunday afternoon. Carson Wentz repeatedly used
the phrase "Detail our work" as he dissected the defeat shortly after its
conclusion. A palpable sense of frustration filled his voice, a rarity for the
rookie quarterback. Again, Nelson Agholor found himself surrounded by a pack of
media at his postgame locker. Again, the purpose of their visit was not a
positive one.

"This is going to be a great learning experience," Doug Pederson said.

Let's be real, though: The Eagles did not beat themselves. You can't hang this
one on Agholor's failure to line up correctly on what would have been a 57-yard
catch-and-run touchdown by Zach Ertz, nor can you hang it on the 20-yarder he
dropped on the next drive. You can't hang it on the false starts, or the missed
assignments, or even the interceptions.

This might have been a learning experience, but the lesson was mostly this: The
Eagles do not have the talent necessary to win these kinds of games, and the
Seahawks do. The Eagles did not have matchups they could exploit, and the
Seahawks did. It seems pretty simple when you watch it in action. Seattle knew
that the quickness it possessed at the wide-receiver position could pose some
problems for Eagles cornerback Jalen Mills, whose recovery speed is not among
the reasons that he is starting as a rookie. Late in the second quarter, Seattle
offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell was finally able to exploit that advantage.
First, he got Doug Baldwin isolated on Mills on a go-route down the middle of
the field, which resulted in a 44-yard catch. Then, on the next play, he got
Mills isolated on Tyler Lockett on a deep crossing pattern that went for 30
yards.

Where, exactly, are those kinds of matchups on the Eagles' side of things? For
most of the season, the answer has been limited to Darren Sproles almost
exclusively. Once the veteran running back went down with a rib injury on
Sunday, you looked down at the field and struggled to find one man-on-man
situation where the Eagles might be able to count themselves as having the upper
hand. Ertz had some success working the middle of the Seahawks'
press-cover-three zone, but Seattle's linebackers were more than willing to play
that game. Dinking and dunking might get you a couple of first downs on a drive,
but it is not a viable recipe for repeated trips to the end zone. The teams that
beat Seattle tend to do it with a strong running game and timely big plays. Once
Sproles and Ryan Mathews went down, the Eagles did not have the ingredients to
produce either.

The second category is the one that is most glaring. While Pederson has had some
success manufacturing big plays this season, they've mostly been of the
smoke-and-mirrors variety, relying on misdirection and sleight of hand and
X's-and-O's to get players into space. Exhibit A was the Ertz catch-and-run that
was called back due to an illegal formation (Agholor was not lined up on the
line of scrimmage, which he attributed to a mental mistake). Pederson used some
hard motion by Sproles just before the snap to draw Seahawks safety Earl Thomas
out of centerfield, opening up a chasm on the far side of the field for Ertz to
make the catch and rumble downfield with a Jason Kelce escort. If Agholor lines
up correctly, that's a touchdown, and maybe that changes the complexion of the
game. Still, those kinds of plays aren't the foundation for a sustainable
offense. Same goes for that lateral reverse throwback from Baldwin to Russell
Wilson that the Seahawks used to score a touchdown in the third quarter. Well
designed, well executed, but not the kind of thing they're going to be able to
run five times a game. In fact, Wilson said afterward that the Seahawks had been
waiting for years to find themselves facing the right look to run that kind of
play.

Most of the Seahawks' offensive success followed a much simpler recipe: a guy in
blue beating a guy in white and making a play in a tight man-on-man situation.
The Baldwin catch, the Lockett catch, the 72-yard cut-back touchdown run by C.J.
Prosise in the first quarter, Jimmy Graham's post-up of Jaylen Watkins and
Wilson's ability to buy enough time to find him for a 35-yard touchdown in the
second quarter.

"It's simply football," Eagles safety Malcolm Jenkins said. "You get penalties,
you give up big plays, you don't make enough plays, you lose."

On Sunday, the mistakes were glaring. So was the absence of the kind of talent
that can increase the margin for error.

dmurphy@phillynews.com

@ByDavidMurphy

Blog:philly.com/Philliesblog

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Dean Rutz/Seattle Times/TNS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

North Carolina: New PRRs on Cyber Security, Surveys, Social Media

LENGTH: 1476 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Raleigh: NC State University, The State of North Carolina has issued the
following news release:



 So far in the 2015-16 fiscal year, 19 university PRRs -- policies, regulations
and rules -- have been enacted or revised and two have been repealed, according
to the general counsel's office. In a memo widely distributed this week, Vice
Chancellor and General Counsel Eileen Goldgeier reviewed the most significant
changes.





 All revisions can be tracked and viewed under the What's New section of the PRR
website as well as the Policies Recently Enacted website.



 Data Management Procedures (REG 08.00.03) - On Sept. 1, 2015 the regulation was
revised to add a statement to Section 3 to indicate that data trustees, stewards
and custodians must make data management decisions that benefit the interest of
the entire university rather than the sole interests of their individual units.



 Networked Printer Security Standard (New RUL 08.00.13) - On Aug. 24, 2015 this
new rule was established to help users protect sensitive university data in the
event a networked printer becomes compromised, lost or stolen. If system
administrators and/or other technical staff on campus apply the recommended
settings and follow the recommended best practices in the Networked Printer
Security Standard: a) Sensitive university data will be protected as it is
stored, processed or transmitted via networked printers; and b) The printers
themselves will be less vulnerable to exploits. An example of such an exploit
would be someone in Germany sending multiple copies of objectionable material to
a printer in a campus office. This exploit wastes printer consumables, denies
service and puts at risk the university's reputation.



 Computer Use Regulation (REG 08.00.02) - On Aug. 18, 2015 the regulation was
revised for clarification as it relates to university investigations and
miscellaneous technical changes.



 Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Training for Employees (REG 04.25.06)
- On June 9, 2015 the regulation was revised to bring in compliance with Title
IX and the Clery Act.



 Operation of Unmanned Aerial Systems (NEW REG 10.10.09) - Unmanned aircraft
systems (UAS) offer great potential as tools for research and teaching. Because
UAS are becoming more frequently used at NC State, including for many different
types of research, NC State must manage UAS operations and ensure full
compliance with all state and federal laws and regulations. Effective July 21,
2015 a new regulation on UAS was established as a framework to identify, manage
and mitigate risk.



 Poole College of Management Reappointment, Promotion and Tenure (RPT) Standards
and Procedures (RUL 05.67.503) - On July 21, 2015 the rule was revised to
clarify teaching contributions; and to extend the term of one department
appointee from two years to three years (See Sections 3.2.4 and 7.6).



 Smoking Policy (REG 04.20.03) - On July 7, 2015 the regulation was revised due
to the proliferation and increasing use of vapor devices such as electronic
cigarettes making it necessary to broaden the definition of smoking as it
pertains to the restrictions in campus facilities (See Section 4).



 Associated Entity - Creation and Retention (REG 01.25.13) - On July 7, 2015 the
regulation was repealed and the university will rely on the overarching UNC
Policy 600.25.2[R] as the controlling guidelines.



 Centers and Institutes (REG 10.10.04) - On July 7, 2015 the regulation was
revised to comply with the UNC president's revised UNC Policy 400.5[R].



 Evaluation of Teaching (REG 05.20.10) - On July 7, 2015 the regulation was
revised to implement recommended revisions based on a required review by the
Evaluation of Teaching Committee every three years and approval by the provost
and executive vice chancellor.



 Non-Tenure Track Faculty Ranks and Appointments (REG 05.20.34) - This
regulation was revised on July 7, 2015 to clarify the documentation required for
consideration for initial and subsequent contracts (See Section 8); and on March
31, 2015 to clarify the appointment process for non-NC State adjunct faculty
(See Section 4.3.2).



 Post Tenure Review of Faculty (REG 05.20.04) - On July 7, 2015 the regulation
was revised to comply with new policy and guidelines approved by the Board of
Governors.



 Use of NCSU Libraries &ldquo;WolfWikis&rdquo; Service (RUL 02.61.01) - On July
7, 2015 this rule was repealed. The NCSU Libraries is phasing out its WolfWikis
service based on changes in the online environment and technologies. NCSU
Libraries will post information about alternative services on its website as
WolfWikis is decommissioned, and staff can advise students and faculty on these
options.



 Social Media (New REG 08.00.12) - On June 9, 2015 a new regulation on social
media was created to establish the procedures for creating and managing a
university presence or participating in social media in an official capacity on
behalf of NC State. This regulation and its supporting guidelines are intended
to properly portray, promote and protect the institution and its employees, and
to assist NC State entities in effectively creating and managing social media
accounts.



 Surveys of NC State Students, Alumni, Faculty, Staff and/or Administrators (New
REG 01.25.17) - On May 26, 201 a new regulation was created to address the
growing concern that NC State students, faculty and staff are being asked to
participate in an increasing number of surveys, and that is having a negative
impact on our ability to collect data needed for essential activities such as
accreditation, strategic planning, program assessment and scholarly research.



 Undergraduate Readmission and Appeals (RUL 02.66.01) - On May 26, 2015 the rule
was revised to align the readmission process with the recent revisions to REG
02.05.01 Continuation of Undergraduate Enrollment and REG 02.05.03 Satisfactory
Academic Progress and to eliminate language that is now contradictory to the new
regulations. The title was also changed to &ldquo;Undergraduate Readmission and
Appeals.&rdquo; The changes simplify the rule and eliminate language about
continuation of enrollment that is already contained within REG 02.05.01. The
new appeal process established in the rule combines the previously separate
processes for appealing academic standing (suspension) and financial aid
eligibility (see REG 02.70.02 Eligibility for Continued Receipt of Financial
Aid). This new combined appeal process eliminates the problem of students
receiving approval of their academic standing appeal but having their appeal for
continued receipt of financial aid denied. Under the new appeal process,
students with successful appeals will be allowed to continue enrollment and will
be eligible for financial aid.



 Continuation of Undergraduate Enrollment (Suspension Regulation) (REG 02.05.01)
- On May 12, 2015 the regulation was revised to bring the university into
compliance with UNC-GA policy 400.1.5[R] Fostering Undergraduate Student Success
(also known as FUSS or Transmittal Letter 83). According to FUSS, federal Title
IV financial aid regulations will serve as the minimum requirements for
continuation. Details of these mandated changes can be found at:
http://www.ncsu.edu/registrar/trans83/trans83.html. These changes replace the
requirements currently in REG 02.05.01.



 Satisfactory Academic Progress (REG 02.05.03) - On May 12, 2015 the regulation
was revised to bring the university into compliance with UNC-GA policy
400.1.5[R] Fostering Undergraduate Student Success (also known as FUSS or
Transmittal Letter 83). According to FUSS, federal Title IV financial aid
regulations will serve as the minimum requirements for academic progress
evaluation. Details of these mandated changes can be found at:
http://www.ncsu.edu/registrar/trans83/trans83.html. These changes result in a
replacement of requirements currently in REG 02.05.03 Progress Toward
Undergraduate Degree and a consolidation with requirements in REG 02.70.02
Eligibility for Continued Receipt of Financial Aid. Due to this consolidation,
the regulation title was changed to &ldquo;Satisfactory Academic
Progress,&rdquo; terminology consistent with federal Title IV financial aid
language.



 Political Activities (New POL 05.00.04) - On May 5, 2015 the Board of Governors
approved the university-recommended new policy on political activities. This
policy supplements and is adopted in accordance with UNC Policy Manual, Chapter
300.5.1, Political Activities of Employees, which was revised on April 11, 2014
and which required each campus Board of Trustees to adopt a policy.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          November 26, 1998, Thursday

TERRIBLE 2S? NOT THESE HORSES

BYLINE: BY BILL FINLEY

SECTION: Sports; Pg.  152

LENGTH: 778 words


LOWLIGHTED BY a clunker of a Breeders' Cup Juvenile won by Answer Lively, a slow
horse who has no chance of winning a classic next year, it's been an uninspiring
season for this bunch of 2-year-old colts. But that's about to change. This is
the season when the real stars of the future start taking over and the time is
now. The 1999 Kentucky Derby winner may well be running somewhere Saturday,
either at Aqueduct in the Remsen or at Churchill Downs in the Kentucky Jockey
Club Stakes.

How do you win a Kentucky Derby? In this decade the answer has been: don't go
anywhere near the Breeders' Cup Juvenile, do your best running in the fall and
be trained by Nick Zito, Bob Baffert or Wayne Lukas. Both Remsen favorite
Doneraile Court and Kentucky Jockey Club favorite Exploit fit the bill.

Trained by Zito, Doneraile Court cost $ 1 million and followed the same pattern
taken by all of Zito's good 2-year-olds. A son of Seattle Slew, he developed
slowly, needing three starts to break his maiden, and has improved rapidly
since. In his most recent start, he won the Grade III Nashua and should only get
better.

"I hope there's a lot of room for improvement," said Zito, who won the 1993
Remsen with eventual Derby winner Go for Gin. "Bob Baffert (the trainer of
Exploit) is getting stronger every year and has plenty of firepower. Our horse
is going to have to keep getting better to keep up with him, but he is
progressing all the time. He went right from a maiden win and won a Grade III
stakes, which isn't easy to do."

There are at least two other serious Derby prospects in the Remsen in Nashua
runnerup Successful Appeal and Laurel Futurity winner Millions. That's not
unusual. The Remsen has been won this decade by Go for Gin, Thunder Gulch and
Coronado's Quest, and Skip Away finished second. There is no better indicator
for future stardom than a solid performance in the Remsen. Meanwhile, no
Breeders' Cup Juvenile winner has ever won a Kentucky Derby.

"The horses running in the Remsen are much more significant than the ones who
ran in the Juvenile," said Thoro-Graph speed-figure maven Jerry Brown.

The best 2-year-old competing on Breeders' Cup Day at Churchill Downs was
Exploit. Two races before Answer Lively won the Juvenile, running slower than
the fillies did in the Juvenile Fillies, the Baffert-trained Exploit rolled to a
comfortable victory in the Iroquois Stakes. He completed the mile in 1:361/5,
while the mile split for the mile-and-a-16th Juvenile was 1:372/5.

A well-bred son of Storm Cat and a horse who didn't win his first stakes race
until November, he'll be back Saturday and should win the Kentucky Jockey Club
on his way to next year's Derby.

"This horse is just starting to come around," Baffert said. "He was small at
first and has really grown up and gotten taller. He has a nice, huge stride and
a lot of class."

Others to keep an eye on:

Baffert also is high on Premier Property, who is 3-for-3 lifetime and will run
next in the Dec. 12 Hollywood Futurity. Premier Property and Exploit are trying
to fill the void left by the loss of Worldy Manner, who Baffert and Golden Eagle
Farm sold to Godolphin Stable for $ 5 million. Worldly Manner will begin his
pre-Kentucky Derby campaign from his winter base in Dubai.

Perhaps the two fastest 2-year-olds in the country have received scant
attention.

Menifee was sidelined by a knee chip after whipping a terrific allowance field
in August at Saratoga. Trainer Elliott Walden reports that his colt is back in
training and should make his next start in February. Debuting at lowly
Evangeline Downs in Louisiana, Bet Me Best has gotten both the best Beyer and
Thoro-Graph speed figure this year of any 2-year-old. By the undistinguished
sire Barberstown, he's yet to prove he can win a distance race, but no one has
come close to him in his four wins from four starts. Now co-owned by Prestonwood
Farm, he goes next in another soft spot, the Dec. 12 Louisiana Champions Day
Juvenile Stakes at Fair Grounds.

Toga time: Baffert said Kentucky Derby and Preakness winner Real Quiet likely
will have an East Coast campaign next year and should run at Saratoga. Baffert
added that he plans to send a division of horses to Saratoga next year for the
first time. "I've got to prove that I can win a race in New York," said Baffert,
who has yet to win a race at a NYRA track. . . . Coming off a second-place
finish in the Breeders' Cup Classic, Silver Charm will run tomorrow in the $
400,000 Clark Handicap at Churchill Downs. The main competition should come from
Wild Rush, with whom he finished in a dead-heat for the win in the Kentucky Cup.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                              778 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            October 20, 1992 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Cairo reads riot act to Islamic extremists

BYLINE: TONY WALKER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 342 words


The Egyptian Government has warned Islamic extremists that it will not tolerate
what it says are continuing attempts to exploit the chaos caused by last
Monday's Cairo earthquake for political purposes.

Angered by weekend street protests, President Hosni Mubarak said that "loud
voices" would not influence Government relief operations.

'`We should be patient," President Mubarak said. "These protests do not yield
any results ... Marches and loud voices will not prevent us from proceeding
along the road drawn by the state to solve the problem." Authorities have been
rattled by widespread and sometimes angry criticism of official efforts to bring
relief to thousands made homeless by the earthquake, which measured about 5.5 on
the Richter scale. More than 500 died and some 6000 were injured in the
disaster.

Islamic groups, whose political activism has become more noticeable recently,
were quick to exploit fumbling Government efforts to help the homeless and
destitute.

Most worrying for the authorities is the fact that the quake's aftermath has
exposed the growing power on the street of Islamic fundamentalists scornful of
the country's secular administration.

Egypt's Information Minister, Mr Mohamed Safwat al-Sherif, reflecting deepening
official concern, warned on the weekend that attempts to exploit quake victims'
plight would be "dealt with firmly and decisively".

"These elements are trying to damage the splendid stand taken by the Egyptian
people," the minister said.

Mr Mubarak said Egypt was doing more for the homeless than the United States did
for victims of the Florida hurricane in August.

Black-uniformed riot police were deployed in force near key embassies and
Government installations after a riot on Saturday in Bulaq, a poor inner suburb
of Cairo.

Police sealed off a one-kilometre stretch of street and fired tear-gas to
disperse stone-throwing youths as tensions flared.

The authorities say they are doing all they can to assist people in distress,
but somehow this message does not appear to be getting through to the victims.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1992 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            March 28, 2009 Saturday
                                  Mich Edition

Irish run game gets personal

BYLINE: Al Lesar

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 630 words


SOUTH BEND

Blocking schemes might be overrated.

Play-calling can be irrelevant.

In the eyes of the guys entrusted with making it happen, the Notre Dame football
team's running game is about people.

New Irish assistant coaches Frank Verducci (offensive line, running game
coordinator) and Tony Alford (running backs) have been given the mission to get
Notre Dame out of triple digits - the Irish rushing offense ranked 116th (out of
119) in the country with a school-record-low 75.3 yards a game in 2007 and 100th
(109.7 ypg) last season - and into the end zone.

"It's just a group of special people coming together," is how Verducci explained
the recipe for success. "It's unselfishness. It's a willingness not to let the
other guy down. It's an unselfish attitude where you're going to do your part
and you don't care who gets the glory for it.

"It's the satisfaction of leaving something behind that you can look back on and
call your own.

"It's people. You learn very early on, you can be the smartest guy in the world,
but if you can't bring a group together, get them to focus as one and get them
to care about each other, you don't stand much of a chance."

Verducci and Alford have seen it work.

As the offensive line coach with the Dallas Cowboys, Verducci's crew opened the
holes for Emmitt Smith to become the NFL's most prolific running back in 2002.
He was also on the Cincinnati Bengals staff in 2000 when running back Corey
Dillon rushed for an NFL-record 278 yards against Denver.

While a running back at Colorado State in 1989, Alford rushed for 1,039 yards.

As running backs coach at Iowa State, two stints covering nine seasons, he had a
hand in the success of three of the Cyclones' top six all-time rushers - Darren
Davis (3,763 yards, 1996-99; Ennis Haywood 2,862, 1998-2001; Stevie Hicks 2,601,
2003-06).

"We were in a system where you stress certain things," Alford said of his Iowa
State days. "It's like your kids - you get what you stress.

"(At Iowa State) we were a big inside zone (-blocking) team. When we called a
play, they lined up to run a play, they felt good about it. They had run it so
many times. They succeeded. Success breeds success. They felt good about it. It
allowed them to play fast. Been there, done that.

"Hopefully, it'll happen here."

Given a veteran offensive line (center Dan Wenger, guards Eric Olsen, Chris
Stewart and Trevor Robinson, and right tackle Sam Young) to start with,
Verducci's challenge is to target a left tackle - Paul Duncan or Matt Romine, or
maybe even Robinson - and form a cohesive group.

"There's a schematic aspect," Verducci said. "You go against a particular
opponent and they play a particular scheme you can exploit.

"The other is a personnel matchup. You exploit a certain weakness. The schematic
aspect may not be there, but your guy is just better than theirs. You wear them
out that way.

"It's somewhat of a melding of the two to get a perfect run game."

Running back, likewise, is loaded with experience. Armando Allen, Robert Hughes
and James Aldridge have been there before. Don't count out freshman Cierre Wood,
who will state his case in the summer. And Jonas Gray saw some mop-up time last
season.

"You have to be able to keep the other guy off balance a little bit with some
misdirection stuff," Alford said of his ideal running game. "The biggest thing,
in all reality, (is that) you're more physical than the guy across from you.

"When he lines up, he knows he just got punched in the mouth (on the last play).
The scary part of it is, he knows it's going to happen again and there's not
much he can do about it.

"You know they're going to do it. I'll tell you we're going to do it. And, you
still can't stop it. Then you know you've got 'em over. That's just the
mentality of a running game."

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                       March 3, 2003 Monday Final Edition

Links urged for industry, research

BYLINE: DAVID McLENNAN,

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 608 words


Assembly Reporter The Canberra of the future could resemble university towns
Cambridge or Austin, Texas, if recommendations for much closer ties between our
world-class research institutions and industry are accepted.

One of the main suggestions in the Economic White Paper is for businesses to be
encouraged to better exploit the opportunities from Canberra's researchers,
particularly at the Australian National University.

ANU Vice Chancellor Professor Ian Chubb said the paper raised some important
issues and asked some important questions.

The paper said the region had the highest research intensity in the country,
with 12 per cent of expenditure - worth $640 million in 2000-01 - on research
and development, yet only 2 per cent of the population.

The ACT alone accounted for 46 per cent of economics research, 38 per cent of
public-sector research on information and communication technology, 35 per cent
of law and justice research, 21 per cent of mathematical sciences research, 19
per cent of physical sciences research and 15 per cent of biological sciences
research.

ACT organisations held more than 600 patents, with ANU having 190 of these and
the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation 380. The ACT
Government needed to help the small and micro businesses that were spun off from
research institutions to exploit this intellectual property.

The Government could exploit its own intellectual property too, commercialising
its many creations, such as the joint red-light-speed camera.

Professor Chubb said that much of the ANU's work was fundamental research, which
was not always something that could be commercialised, and this was rightly so.
Some of its technological and scientific work, though, had applications.

'Getting the best out of that application is an important thing to look at,' he
said.

There had been a time when it was thought all that was needed was to stick up a
few technology parks, and that was it. This was part of what was needed, but
what went around them was important, too, in creating a creative society rather
than just a city with a university and a technology park.  'It really is about
creating the climate here for organisations to come here, to spring up around
the ANU, to work with those of our staff who are doing the sorts of things they
are interested in and that are of interest to our staff,' he said.  A holistic
approach, as suggested in the paper, was needed, 'building a wall out of many
bricks rather than just sticking up one big rock'.

Cities such as Cambridge, in England, and Austin, in Texas, in the United
States, were good examples of cities that had been able to create a successful
environment, and there was no reason they should not be used as a model for
Canberra.

The National Information and Communication Technology Australia Centre of
Excellence was an example of a good way to build such ties. The centre is a
collaboration between the ACT Government, the ANU, the University of NSW and the
NSW Government, and the paper said it enhanced 'the ACT's already substantial
ICT and e-government knowledge base'.

Canberra's world-leading bioscience institutions, such as the John Curtin School
and CSIRO, could build on their present commercialisation of medical
technologies, such as diagnostic tests and medical instruments. One way to do
this was through a specialist biotechnology incubator, or a Bioscience
Partnership Taskforce.

The paper also said the ACT's technology parks should be better utilised, with
the possibility of a National Technology Park, next to the ANU and CSIRO Black
Mountain.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 The Federal Capital Press of Australia Pty
                                    Limited


                              781 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                      October 30, 2016 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

NGA Joins NSA and USAF to Discuss Big Data & Predictive Analytics for
Intelligence

BYLINE: Defense Strategies Institute

LENGTH: 576  words


Washington, DC,  October 30, 2016 --(PR.com)-- "In a complex world that is
further compounded by a constant deluge of digital information, it is becoming
increasingly important for intelligence agencies to develop and acquire the
procedures and technology needed to rapidly exploit large swaths of raw data for
intelligence purposes," says Ray Polk, a Program Manager at Defense Strategies
Institute. DSI's 2016 Big Data for Intelligence Symposium provides members
within the Intelligence Community the chance to have an open discussion about
the challenges and opportunities that exist when seeking to transform large
amounts of disparate information into actionable intelligence.

This educational forum will provide US Military Commands, Government agencies,
academia, and technology providers with an open and collaborative discussion
that explores more effective and efficient ways of leveraging the power of big
data to dramatically improve intelligence analysis for members of the
Intelligence Community.

This unique "town hall" style forum will explore the technology required to
rapidly process and exploit large swaths of unstructured data to derive
meaningful insight for decision makers.

18 Plenary Sessions Include:

- Dr. Gregory Treverton, Chairman, National Intelligence Council will provide an
update on the National Intelligence Council's perspectives on current IC
capabilities and the future threat environment. Dr. Treverton will touch on the
efforts to identify innovative analytic tradecraft, standards, and tools needed
to increase the IC's ability to exploit big data for intelligence purposes.

- Dr. Peter Highnam, Director, InnoVision, NGA will brief on the NGA's efforts
to transition into the next immersive phase of intelligence. This briefing will
include an overview of the seven key focus areas for NGA and outline the future
role of anticipatory analytics and automation.

- Neal Ziring, Technical Director, Information Assurance Directorate, NSA will
provide perspective on automated predictive analytics, big data, and information
assurance for national security. Mr. Ziring will also discuss future big data
challenges and current efforts to create a scalable and secure environment for
all NSA data.

- Jeffrey Eggers, SES, Chief Technology Officer, DCS for Intelligence,
Surveillance and Reconnaissance, USAF will speak on leveraging the combat cloud
to produce a comprehensive picture of the battlespace in real time. This session
will also include perspective on strengthening partnership and integration
efforts between the IC and the operational community.

- Jennifer Edgin, CTO, Marine Corps Intelligence will emphasize the need for
continuous innovation to develop new solutions and analytical capabilities. This
discussion will also explore definitive cost-saving tools that produce quality
information and empower the Warfighter through big data analytics.

Seating is limited -

In order to allow for actionable discussion and dialogue amongst speakers and
attendees, seating will be limited. Early Registration has now begun. Register
now to reserve your seat. Active military, government and State personnel attend
complimentary.

Anyone interested in participating in the 4th Big Data for Intelligence
Symposium can visit Defense Strategies Institute's website at
http://bigdatasymposium.dsigroup.org/ for more information or contact Morgan at
mcolfax@dsigroup.org, 1-201-266-0058

* Symposium is Closed to press / No recordings

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             January 7, 2011 Friday

Finding more Asian opportunities beyond Hong Kong and China

BYLINE: CLIFFORD COONAN

SECTION: FINANCE; Back page; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 780 words


WILD GEESE: Rob Agnew, Managing director of Matrix Services, Hong Kong

HONG KONG S position as a gateway into China has underlined its status as one of
the globe s true boom towns, but Dubliner Rob Agnew believes the whole region,
not just China, provides great opportunities for Irish companies.

Agnew is managing director of Matrix Services, which does business-to-business
research, specialising in financial services and financial media companies.

Originally from Raheny, Agnew went to Coláiste Mhuire school, then studied
biochemistry at UCD. Like many who graduated in the late 1980s, he was forced to
emigrate to find opportunities.  In 1989, I left because I had to leave. I did
accountancy in London, then won a Donnelly green card and emigrated to the
United States.

After nearly eight years in New York at the Reuters news agency and financial
information firm, which brought him to Singapore and Hong Kong, he set up on his
own and now considers Hong Kong home. He has been here for 10 years.

My business is simple. Westerners come to us and ask us how they can exploit X
market in Asia. Around 60 per cent are on the buy side   asset managers, fund
managers, life insurance companies. Forty per cent are financial media companies
Thomson Reuters, Haymarket, Dow Jones.

Generally speaking, the project is about  how do I exploit China  so it nearly
always involves how big the Chinese market is or how do I exploit it, what
products should I sell, what are the regulatory issues, on a project by project
basis,  Agnew says.

It has been up and down, although generally he has been able to take advantage
of the opportunities offered by the world s fastest-growing economic region. He
had a terrible year around the Sars epidemic in 2003 and a difficult time during
the financial crisis in 2008, but things are picking up.

Most of my clients are Westerners, mainly UK and US, so if the budgets slide
back in home markets, it s unlikely they are going to do projects. Everybody is
interested in here but it depends on whether they ve got the budgets.

He says the lure of China s vast markets is  mesmerising  and obviously worth
considering. However, he advises Irish companies to also think about elsewhere
in the region, as they can often be easier places in which to do business.

When it comes to doing business in Asia, he recommends setting up some kind of
permanent representation on the ground.

This could be an employee or a representative, but you can t do the market by
just thinking you re going to fly in and fly out.

Another thing which always strikes me, and some European countries have done
this better than Ireland, is that many companies who originally started sourcing
from here have built up nice businesses selling back into here.

He adds:  Irish companies sourcing here have a great opportunity to sell back
into here, but there are great Irish success stories here.

Pointing to the counter in the Starbucks where we are meeting, he notes that the
vanilla essence in the vanilla lattes comes from the Kerry Group.

Go and talk to a company that has done well here. Liam Casey s PCH is a success
story, for example. There is a great network of Irish people around Asia,
including Enterprise Ireland and IDA Ireland, also the chambers of commerce.

The growth in the middle class around Asia is one of the world-changing things
over the next couple of years and it s already having a direct consequence in
the areas I deal with. You have the internationalisation of savings   this huge
pool of capital sitting in Asia. A good proportion is now looking for
international locations to invest.

This includes greater internationalisation in pension money from places like
Australia and South Korea, which are being privatised and looking for investment
opportunities globally.

The internationalisation of Asian capital, there s an opportunity for Irish
companies to latch onto that. Even a small percentage of this would be a great
opportunity.

The Asia Pacific Irish Business Forum (APIBF) plans a half-day session in
Ireland in the coming months to show some of the opportunities on offer.

We had the APIBF here in Hong Kong and one of the things that came out very
clearly was to do a forum session in Ireland, and there is a good feeling we
should do this. So we hope to do it in Dublin ... with speakers from industry
specialisms   financial services, food, technology, from education and get an
Asian to come to Dublin and say, bang, these are the opportunities for Irish
businesses.

There isn t enough awareness about Asia in Ireland. What I suggest is be brave,
look beyond your comfort zone and look to Asia as your priority, not as your
fourth option.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            December 30, 2013 Monday

German magazine reveals NSA hacking tactics

SECTION: AMERICAS

LENGTH: 807 words


LONDON- A German magazine lifted the lid on the operations of the National
Security Agency's hacking unit Sunday, reporting that American spies intercept
computer deliveries, exploit hardware vulnerabilities, and even hijack
Microsoft's internal reporting system to spy on their targets.

Der Spiegel's revelations relate to a division of the NSA known as Tailored
Access Operations, or TAO, which is painted as an elite team of hackers
specializing in stealing data from the toughest of targets.

Citing internal NSA documents, the magazine said Sunday that TAO's mission was
"Getting the ungettable," and quoted an unnamed intelligence official as saying
that TAO had gathered "some of the most significant intelligence our country has
ever seen."

Der Spiegel said TAO had a catalog of high-tech gadgets for particularly
hard-to-crack cases, including computer monitor cables specially modified to
record what is being typed across the screen, USB sticks secretly fitted with
radio transmitters to broadcast stolen data over the airwaves, and fake base
stations intended to intercept mobile phone signals on the go.

The NSA doesn't just rely on James Bond-style spy gear, the magazine said. Some
of the attacks described by Der Spiegel exploit weaknesses in the architecture
of the Internet to deliver malicious software to specific computers. Others take
advantage of weaknesses in hardware or software distributed by some of the
world's leading information technology companies, including Cisco Systems, Inc,
the magazine reported.

Der Spiegel cited a 2008 mail order catalog-style list of vulnerabilities that
NSA spies could exploit from companies such as Irvine, California-based Western
Digital Corp. or Round Rock, Texas-based Dell Inc. The magazine said that
suggested the agency was "compromising the technology and products of American
companies."

Old-fashioned methods get a mention too. Der Spiegel said that if the NSA
tracked a target ordering a new computer or other electronic accessories, TAO
could tap its allies in the FBI and the CIA, intercept the hardware in transit,
and take it to a secret workshop where it could be discretely fitted with
espionage software before being sent on its way.

Intercepting computer equipment in such a way is among the NSA's "most
productive operations," and has helped harvest intelligence from around the
world, one document cited by Der Spiegel stated.

One of the most striking reported revelations concerned the NSA's alleged
ability to spy on Microsoft Corp.'s crash reports, familiar to many users of the
Windows operating system as the dialogue box which pops up when a game freezes
or a Word document dies. The reporting system is intended to help Microsoft
engineers improve their products and fix bugs, but Der Spiegel said the NSA was
also sifting through the reports to help spies break into machines running
Windows. One NSA document cited by the magazine appeared to poke fun at
Microsoft's expense, replacing the software giant's standard error report
message with the words: "This information may be intercepted by a foreign sigint
(signals intelligence) system to gather detailed information and better exploit
your machine."

Microsoft said that information sent by customers about technical issues in such
a manner is limited.

"Microsoft does not provide any government with direct or unfettered access to
our customer's data," a company representative said in an email Sunday. "We
would have significant concerns if the allegations about government actions are
true."

Microsoft is one of several US firms that have demanded more transparency from
the NSA- and worked to bolster their security- in the wake of the revelations of
former intelligence worker Edward Snowden, whose disclosures have ignited an
international debate over privacy and surveillance.

Der Spiegel did not explicitly say where its cache NSA documents had come from,
although the magazine has previously published a series of stories based on
documents leaked by Snowden, and one of Snowden's key contacts- American
documentary filmmaker Laura Poitras- was listed among the article's six authors.

No one was immediately available at Der Spiegel to clarify whether Snowden was
the source for the latest story.

Another company mentioned by Der Spiegel, though not directly linked with any
NSA activity, was Juniper Networks Inc, a computer network equipment maker in
Sunnyvale, Calif.

"Juniper Networks recently became aware of, and is currently investigating,
alleged security compromises of technology products made by a number of
companies, including Juniper," the company said in an email. "We take
allegations of this nature very seriously and are working actively to address
any possible exploit paths."

If necessary, Juniper said, it would, "work closely with customers to ensure
they take any mitigation steps."

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

US Patent granted to Envia Systems, Inc (California) on January 6 titled as
"Very long cycling of lithium ion batteries with lithium rich cathode materials"

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,928,286, on
January 6, 2015, to Envia Systems, Inc (California), titled as "Very long
cycling of lithium ion batteries with lithium rich cathode materials"

Inventors: Amiruddin; Shabab (Fremont, CA), Li; Bing (Union City, CA), Kumar;
Sujeet (Newark, CA)
Assignee: Envia Systems, Inc. (Newark, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Lithium ion batteries can be activated and then cycled to exploit a moderate
fraction of the discharge cycling capacity such that the discharge capacity and
average discharge voltage stay within initial values for thousands of cycles.
The superior cycling performance has been achieved at relatively high discharge
rates and for practical battery formats. Lithium ion battery performance can
also be achieved with superior cycling performance with partially activated
batteries such that good discharge capacities can be exploited for many
thousands of cycles before the discharge capacity and average discharge voltage
drops more than 20% from initial values. The positive electrode active material
can be a lithium rich metal oxide. The activation of the battery can comprise
phase changes of the active materials. As described herein, the phase changes
can be manipulated to exploit a reasonable fraction of the available high
capacity of the material while providing outstanding cycling stability."

The patent was filed on. August 19, 2011 Application no. 13/213,756

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

Entertainment: Pleasanton's Firehouse shows Indian epic 'Ramayana'

BYLINE: By Pat Craig for the Bay Area News Group

SECTION: NEWS; Entertainment

LENGTH: 519 words


Pleasanton Civic Arts Stage Company is exploring new theatrical territory with
"Ramayana," an ancient Indian epic adapted by Berkeley playwright Anthony
Clarvoe.

The play, which opens Friday in Pleasanton's Firehouse Arts Center, is based on
the Sanskrit legend about the exploits of Prince Rama. In print, and in earlier
generations by oral tradition, the story is said to span seven volumes and
25,000 verses. The piece was transcribed more than 2,000 years ago by the poet
Valmiki.

Over the years, it continues to be told and retold in many different languages
and continues as a tradition in India, Nepal, and South Asia.

"There is a reason it's been popular in South Asia for thousands of years. It
has a little bit of something for everyone -- adventure, romance, questions of
right and wrong and what it means to be human," said Rebecca J. Ennals, artistic
director of the San Francisco Shakespeare Festival, which produces the
Pleasanton theater program. "Rama, the central character, would like to be a
peaceful man but finds that some evils are so great, he must fight against them.
The themes of the story are still relevant today."

While there is a message to the story, the play is made to entertain, with the
adventures and exploits and with a blend of acrobatics and dance that keep cast
members moving around the stage. Director Michael Truman Cavanaugh compares the
piece to Greek mythology or epic tales like "The Lord of the Rings."

Much of the physical theater used in a "Ramayana" is based on partner acrobatics
or Acro Yoga, which involves simple lifts and using acrobatic positions and
movement to share weight to represent soaring vultures, demons and even Hanuman,
the flying monkey god.

Indian theater expert Maanasa Venkatasubbaiah joined the staff as cultural
advisor and dramaturge for the project to help the cast learn to pronounce
Sanskrit names and places and learn appropriate behavior for the ancient
characters.

The show runs weekends, Friday through May 19, in the Firehouse Theater, 4444
Railroad Ave. Performances are at 7:30 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays and 2 p.m.
Saturdays and Sundays. Tickets cost $10 to $18, with discounts for children and
seniors. Reservations may be made at 925-931-4848, orwww.firehousearts.org .

SUMMER SHAKESPEARE: While most of us are still wondering if we had much of a
winter this year, the Livermore Shakespeare Festival is gearing up for it annual
summer season at Concannon Vineyard, 4590 Tesla Road.

Tickets are on sale now for the two-show season, which includes Shakespeare's
"The Taming of the Shrew" and Pierre Corneille's farce "The Liar," adapted by
David Ives.

"The Liar," directed by Gary Armagnac, opens June 21, and "Shrew," directed by
Lisa A. Tromovitch, opens June 28. Each show will get a preview the Thursday
before its Friday opening. The shows play in repertory after "Shrew" opens.

Performances, through July 21, are at 7:30 p.m. Thursday and Friday, 7 p.m.
Saturday and Sunday and 8 p.m. for "Shrew" on June 27 after a fund-raising
dinner and banquet. For details, visitwww.livermoreshakes.org

Contact Pat Craig atpjcraig495@yahoo.com .

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           February 16, 2006 Thursday

FBI chief asks valley for help

BYLINE: Matthai Chakko Kuruvila, Mercury News

SECTION: BU; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 654 words


Computer hacking has evolved from a sport for geeks into a moneymaking tool for
organized crime -- a trend so disturbing to FBI Director Robert Mueller that he
came to San Jose Wednesday to ask for help from tech security experts.

It was the first time a director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation had
addressed the annual RSA Security Conference, a 15-year-old confab where the
companies that build protective technology mingle with customers and discuss
threats. Mueller's presence at the McEnery Convention Center was testament to
the fact that just as the Internet has become a global growth engine for
business, it also has become a global target for savvy criminals.

Making matters worse, ``most'' businesses won't report that they were
victimized, Mueller said, making it more difficult for investigators to keep up
with online criminals. Some fear publicity. Others fear that competitors will
exploit their vulnerabilities.

``Maintaining a code of silence will not benefit you or your company in the long
run,'' Mueller said. ``In this world of globalization, we continue to build on
one central theme, and that is of partnership.''

Because consumers are demanding greater security from companies, that hesitation
to report crimes is slowly changing, said Robert Holleyman, president and chief
executive of the Business Software Alliance, which works primarily on software
piracy issues.

``Companies have to make security a priority,'' Holleyman said.

Growing problem

Businesses aren't the only ones reluctant to call the police. An estimated 60
percent of consumers don't report incidents of identity theft to law
enforcement, according to U.S. Justice Department officials.

It's a growing problem. Hackers who once were satisfied with the notoriety that
came with their exploits are now seeking cash. To get it, they're teaming up
with criminals across the globe.

Shadowcrew.com, an online forum where credit card numbers were sold in blocks of
thousands, was shut down in 2004. Howard Cox, a prosecutor with the Computer
Crime Section of U.S. Department of Justice, said Tuesday those numbers were
obtained by hackers and, in some cases, by those who figured out the algorithms
banks used to generate card numbers.

Few are caught

And while the Web site was shut down, Cox said most of the criminals simply
moved to other forums. There were 28 arrests and 12 convictions as a result of
the Shadowcrew investigation, Cox said. But there were roughly 4,000 criminals
operating within the network. One of the 28 people arrested had obtained access
to the personal information of 14 million people, he said.

After one California retailer had its databases hacked in recent months,
customer credit card information was left vulnerable, according to Visa and
MasterCard. That incident led Bank of America, Wells Fargo and other banks to
cancel cards and issue new ones. Consumers typically aren't liable for any
illegitimate claims as long as the fraud is reported promptly.

Cases like these have shown that the potential to shut down a company's Web site
or steal thousands of credit card numbers now rests in the hands of ``anyone
with a laptop and a modem,'' Mueller said.

Vigilance urged

Building trust to defend against attacks was a recurrent theme at the RSA
conference, which has attracted an estimated 14,000 people.

Symantec Chief Executive John Thompson told the conference Wednesday that the
digital age demands a high degree of vigilance.

With consumers wary of security issues in every area of their digital lives --
from banking to online photo albums -- businesses need to work to make sure that
what's electronic is safe, he said.

``If we fail to create a trusted digital environment, we won't just slow the
growth of e-business, but of all business,'' Thompson said. ``We won't just hurt
the digital economy, but the economy as a whole.''

Contact Matthai Chakko Kuruvila at mkuruvila@ mercurynews.com or (408) 920-2722.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            October 26, 2008 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

Bucs aim to exploit Cowboys' woes

BYLINE: By TOM BALOG tom.balog@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 949 words

DATELINE: IRVING, Texas


It's too bad for the Cowboys that they are in dire straits. All the better for
the Buccaneers, who couldn't be catching Dallas at a more opportune time.

Tampa Bay's mission today, is to exploit all the Cowboys' misfortune to elevate
the Buccaneers' own ascending stature.

The Buccaneers, ranked in the top 10 in both total offense and defense, are
getting another big chance to show they can be an elite team in the NFC.

Just like defeating the Bears in Chicago last month, winning in Dallas is
imperative for Tampa Bay (5-2) to set itself up as a threat to go deep into the
playoffs.

Finishing the first half of the season with a third straight win for a 6-2
record by beating a team regarded by many as an NFC favorite -- at Texas Stadium
-- would ratchet up the confidence in Tampa Bay.

"We get to go up under their tent of exposure and try to get some exposure of
our own," said wide receiver Antonio Bryant, a former Cowboy.

Dallas, loser of two straight and three of its last four, can be had again.

The Cowboys (4-3) will be without five starters who are injured, including
quarterback Tony Romo, running back Felix Jones and cornerback Terence Newman.

They have a minus-6 turnover ratio, compared to the Bucs at plus-4 and are
coming off one of their worst defeats in recent memory, the 34-14 thumping by
the Rams in St. Louis.

But Tampa Bay still fears the explosiveness that wide receiver Terrell Owens and
running back Marion Barber inflict on a defense, regardless of who is the
quarterback.

"When you have a high-powered team like that, you have to be ready for
anything," said linebacker Cato June. "Just because maybe they didn't play good
a couple of weeks doesn't mean they're not going to come out and be ready to
play."

Quarterback Brad Johnson, the former Buccaneer who is starting his second game
for Dallas today, said it's "way too early" to classify the Cowboys as a
desperate team.

"We got off to a hot (3-0) start, then hit a little bit of a lull right now,"
Johnson said. "Most teams that go to Super Bowls kind of go through a tough time
at one part of the season. That's kind of where we are now. So we have to pick
it up, get some wins and get some momentum built back up."

There have been two calls in the Dallas media to fire head coach Wade Phillips.

"You lose a game or two and everyone kind of goes into a panic," Johnson said.
"There's so much attention here, more things are brought out."

"We're not 1-6 or something," said Phillips, whose team is in third place in the
NFC East. "We feel like we're right in there and this is a big, big game for us,
as most of them have been."

The Buccaneers, led by a defense that is No. 1 in the NFL inside the 20
yard-line (four TDs allowed in 13 possessions), is fourth in the league in
points allowed (15.3 per game), whereas Dallas' defense is 24th, allowing 25
points per game. Dallas' red-zone defense is ranked 11th (13 TDs allowed in 24
trips).

Tampa Bay is eighth in total offense and ninth in total defense. The defense has
10 takeaways in the last four games and the offense has committed just two
turnovers in the last three games.

First down could be a telltale matchup. The Cowboys are first in the NFL in
first-down offense, averaging 6.09 yards per play. The Buccaneers defense is
25th in that category, giving up 5.59 yards per play.

"We have to be better on first down," said Johnson, who threw three
interceptions last week. "We were third-and-8, third-and-10, third-and-12 most
of the day (in St. Louis)."

Notebook

* RB Warrick Dunn (back), WR Joey Galloway (foot), QB Brian Griese (elbow) and
WR Ike Hilliard are questionable. Dunn and Galloway will be game-time decisions.
Hilliard (concussion) is unlikely to play. If Dunn cannot play, Earnest Graham
will move back to running back and Jameel Cook would play fullback in his second
game since being re-signed.

* WR Maurice Stovall (hamstring) and FB B.J. Askew (hamstring) did not make the
trip. K Matt Bryant (hamstring), G Arron Sears (back), LB Barrett Ruud (knee)
and LS Andrew Economos (shoulder) are probable. Earlier Saturday, the Bucs
released G/T Anthony Davis and signed RB Clifton Smith from the practice squad.

* LB Derrick Brooks will make his 200th consecutive start today for the
Buccaneers.

* The Buccaneers have just one victory in seven previous games in Dallas. It was
the 10-6 win in 2001. Tampa Bay was beaten 38-10 in its last game in Dallas, on
Thanksgiving in 2006. But the Buccaneers had won the three previous meetings
with the Cowboys.

* A win today would make Jon Gruden (56 overall wins) the winningest head coach
in Tampa Bay history. He is tied with Tony Dungy (56 wins), whom he replaced.
Gruden has 96 wins as a head coach.

* The game will be a homecoming of sorts for WR Antonio Bryant, and Galloway.
Bryant was a second-round draft pick by Dallas in 2002 and played for the
Cowboys for two seasons before being traded. Galloway played four seasons for
the Cowboys (2000- 03) before being traded to Tampa Bay for Keyshawn Johnson.

* Southeast High graduate Mike Jenkins, a first-round pick by the Cowboys out of
South Florida, has 10 tackles and two pass break-ups. He is expected to start
for the second time today at left cornerback in place of injured CB Terence
Newman.

* This will be the Bucs' final game in Texas Stadium. The Cowboys are moving
into a new stadium next season. "If you grow up in the NFL, grow up a fan of
football, how can you not just sit back and say, 'Man, this is Texas Stadium,'
every time you're in there," Gruden said. "Bob Hayes and Tom Landry, now Jerry
Jones and Jimmy Johnson, the great days that they've had. So it will be a
special trip; it always is when you get a chance to play there. A lot of
tradition."

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 2:03 PM GMT

Liam Smith insists he won't flop like Amir Khan and "will make a name for
myself" against Canelo Alvarez;
The big-punching Mexican flattened Khan after he jumped two weight divisions in
his last bout and now wants the scalp of unbeaten Smith

BYLINE: By David Anderson

SECTION: SPORT,OTHER SPORT,BOXING

LENGTH: 333 words


Liam Smith insists he will not be another fall guy like Amir Khan when he faces
Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez.

Canelo flattened Khan with a spectacular one-punch KO in his last fight and
wants to make it a Brit double by dethroning WBO light-middleweight king Smith
at the AT&T Stadium in Texas.

Smith, 28, says he will not suffer a similar fate because he is facing Canelo at
his natural weight of 154lbs, while Khan jumped up two divisions to fight the
hard-hitting Mexican at middleweight.

"This isn't Canelo with Amir Khan," said a defiant Smith. "This is me.

"I'm coming to fight Canelo, and you're going to be in a massive shock. This
fight is me making a name for myself the world over and establishing myself to
the world of boxing and not just for British fight fans.

"I don't want to emulate anyone. I want to go there and beat Canelo on my own
and have people talking about Liam Smith."

Canelo's only defeat in 49 pro fights was against Floyd Mayweather and Smith
insists he is vulnerable.

He says he does leave him open and he intends to exploit this weakness.

"When you strip him down and forget he is one of the biggest names in boxing, he
is a very good fighter, but he isn't out of this world," said the unbeaten
Scouser.

"He's not the best defensive fighter in the world, he's vulnerable when he opens
up. It will take a good fighter to exploit any weaknesses he has, but I am
confident I am that fighter."

Smith's brothers Paul and Stephen lost world title fights in the US and he is
adamant he can end the family's losing run.

"I don't feel any pressure fighting in the States because of that," he said.
"Everyone thinks Stephen performed bad, but he just came up against a very good
Jose Pedraza.

"I've been in the States and fought before. When I'm in that changing room, I'll
feel as if I've been in that situation before.

"Obviously I'm going to have to deal on the biggest stage, and it's the Dallas
Cowboys Stadium, but it doesn't faze me."

Liam Smith v Canelo is live and exclusive on BoxNation.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                            October 22, 2012 Monday
                                   E1 Edition

Three could be a charm for AmaTuks

BYLINE:  GOMOLEMO MOTSHWANE

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 364 words


THEY say bad things happen in threes. In the past month AmaTuks have lost their
pivot player Mpho Maruping for the entire season to a knee injury, suffered a
first loss in the PSL and will tomorrow night play the Telkom Knockout tie
against Mamelodi Sundowns without three key players who they acquired on loan
(Ramahlwe Mphahlele, Lionel Mutizwa and Buhle Mkhwanazi aren't eligible to play
against their parent club).

One would expect there to be a sombre mood in the AmaTuks camp ahead of their
first meeting with Sundowns at Loftus Versfeld tomorrow night, however that is
not the case. Even with the setbacks coach Steve Barker is excited at the
prospect of playing the derby match.

"These things are part of football and it's up to us to handle the situation
accordingly. Quite some time has passed since we played our last match.Some
players who need to get some game time under their belt will get a chance. We
have always known that we would not be able to use the three players," said
Barker yesterday.

"It's unfortunate that we lost Maruping but we have enough players in our squad
who can step up for us," he added. "And the first loss against Pirates was a
wake-up call and reminded us that we have to be on our toes at all times."

For Sundowns the likes of Esrom Nyandoro and Method Mwanjali have been leaky in
at the back, and the nifty AmaTuks players like Aubrey Ngoma and Bongani Zungu
will have to be at the top of their game to exploit the opposition's defensive
frailties.

"They have had some defensive problems and that is something we will look to
exploit. Without giving away too much but I feel we have prepared well for this
match," the AmaTuks coach observed.

It has been two weeks since the team has played a competitive fixture, with the
last match being the |3-1 loss to Orlando Pirates. Could a win over the
Brazilians be the straw that breaks the camel's back?

Not so long ago a compatriot of Johan Neeskens had his fate sealed after a loss
at the hands of the rookies. Maarten Stekelenburg was fired by Ajax Cape Town
days after losing 5-1 to AmaTuks.

So a proud club like Sundowns may find a loss to their inexperienced neighbours
an impossible pill to swallow.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           September 4, 2012 Tuesday

Majority of Malware Attacks Occur from Within the U.S.: Survey

BYLINE: Mary Wisniewski

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY Vol. 177 No. 136

LENGTH: 326  words


Contrary to popular belief, the majority of malware attacks originate from
within the United States.

That's one of the findings from a recent report published by Perimeter
E-Security, Milford, Conn., a company that provides security services to
financial institutions.

Indeed, Perimeter E-Security found that more than half of all attacks and
threats (55.62%) originated from within the United States during the first six
months of 2012.

The company, which tracked data from 861 of its financial institution customers,
credits the "made in the USA" trend to two likely factors: One, the majority of
its customers block traffic to and from non-U.S. IP address ranges. And two, the
majority of financial institutions "under scrutiny" are almost all U.S.-based.

The report's data also showed that the number of security incidents steadily
increased from January to May, with a slight dip in June; thus, suggesting that
threats and attacks are more likely to take place in spring than winter.

In total, 1,619 likely and confirmed compromises were detected during the
report's time period. More than half of the company's clients (56%) experienced
at least one security incident, the study found.

Though Zeus and SpyEye generally get the most coverage, Perimeter identified the
Blackhole exploit kit as accounting for the highest percentage of security
incidents (11.80%). Blackhole consists of a collection of malicious web pages
that contain exploits for vulnerabilities in versions of Adobe Flash Player,
Adobe Reader, Microsoft Data Access Components, and the Oracle Java Runtime
Environment. When the attacker installs the kit on a malicious or compromised
web server, visitors who don't have the appropriate security updates installed
are at risk of infection through a drive-by download attack by, for instance,
clicking on a link in an email.

Of all security threats tracked in the report, Perimeter found that
Trojan-related infections were the most prevalent.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           February 16, 2006 Thursday

With criminal hacking up, FBI chief asks valley for help

BYLINE: Matthai Chakko Kuruvila, Mercury News

LENGTH: 664 words


Computer hacking has evolved from a sport for geeks into a moneymaking tool for
organized crime -- a trend so disturbing to FBI Director Robert Mueller that he
came to San Jose Wednesday to ask for help from tech security experts.

It was the first time a director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation had
addressed the annual RSA Security Conference, a 15-year-old confab where the
companies that build protective technology mingle with customers and discuss
threats. Mueller's presence at the McEnery Convention Center was testament to
the fact that just as the Internet has become a global growth engine for
business, it also has become a global target for savvy criminals.

Making matters worse, ``most'' businesses won't report that they were
victimized, Mueller said, making it more difficult for investigators to keep up
with online criminals. Some fear publicity. Others fear that competitors will
exploit their vulnerabilities.

``Maintaining a code of silence will not benefit you or your company in the long
run,'' Mueller said. ``In this world of globalization, we continue to build on
one central theme, and that is of partnership.''

Because consumers are demanding greater security from companies, that hesitation
to report crimes is slowly changing, said Robert Holleyman, president and chief
executive of the Business Software Alliance, which works primarily on software
piracy issues.

``Companies have to make security a priority,'' Holleyman said.

Growing problem

Businesses aren't the only ones reluctant to call the police. An estimated 60
percent of consumers don't report incidents of identity theft to law
enforcement, according to U.S. Justice Department officials.

It's a growing problem. Hackers who once were satisfied with the notoriety that
came with their exploits are now seeking cash. To get it, they're teaming up
with criminals across the globe.

Shadowcrew.com, an online forum where credit card numbers were sold in blocks of
thousands, was shut down in 2004. Howard Cox, a prosecutor with the Computer
Crime Section of U.S. Department of Justice, said Tuesday those numbers were
obtained by hackers and, in some cases, by those who figured out the algorithms
banks used to generate card numbers.

Few are caught

And while the Web site was shut down, Cox said most of the criminals simply
moved to other forums. There were 28 arrests and 12 convictions as a result of
the Shadowcrew investigation, Cox said. But there were roughly 4,000 criminals
operating within the network. One of the 28 people arrested had obtained access
to the personal information of 14 million people, he said.

After one California retailer had its databases hacked in recent months,
customer credit card information was left vulnerable, according to Visa and
MasterCard. That incident led Bank of America, Wells Fargo and other banks to
cancel cards and issue new ones. Consumers typically aren't liable for any
illegitimate claims as long as the fraud is reported promptly.

Cases like these have shown that the potential to shut down a company's Web site
or steal thousands of credit card numbers now rests in the hands of ``anyone
with a laptop and a modem,'' Mueller said.

Vigilance urged

Building trust to defend against attacks was a recurrent theme at the RSA
conference, which has attracted an estimated 14,000 people.

Symantec Chief Executive John Thompson told the conference Wednesday that the
digital age demands a high degree of vigilance.

With consumers wary of security issues in every area of their digital lives --
from banking to online photo albums -- businesses need to work to make sure that
what's electronic is safe, he said.

``If we fail to create a trusted digital environment, we won't just slow the
growth of e-business, but of all business,'' Thompson said. ``We won't just hurt
the digital economy, but the economy as a whole.''

------

More technology news and opinion at www.siliconvalley.com

Contact Matthai Chakko Kuruvila at mkuruvila@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-2722.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 16, 2007 Thursday

Columnist signs off after 5 years

BYLINE: ST E V E JACO BY H E R E A N D T H E R E

SECTION: NORTH MIAMI VALLEY; Pg. Z9-9

LENGTH: 655 words


I've never been good about goodbyes. Not as a kid, not as a young adult and
certainly not now.

But after dragging my cleats on this column for the better part of two weeks,
it's time to ante up: I'll be exiting the area and, as part of that move,
leaving this page in other capable hands.

My time in the Neighbors section began innocently enough, as a fill-in for my
friend and former colleague Greg Billing, who now is the auto-racing writer for
the Dayton Daily News. That was five years and more than 400 stories ago.

Along the way, I've been fortunate to chronicle the exploits of coaches and
athletes across the northern Miami Valley, stories that ranged from 8-year-old
distance runners to professional baseball, football and basketball players.

From A (Ansonia) to V (Versailles), I had a front-row seat for many of the top
stories this area has to offer: countless state titles, new football stadiums in
Sidney and Piqua, a $3 million renovation to Hobart Arena and the passings of
area legends Bob Ferguson, Ralph Guarnieri and Skip Baughman, the latter two
tied to my St. Marys beginnings as a journalist.

During that time, I was similarly fortunate to see the sporting life outside the
press box and on the sidelines as a coach of my daughter Emily's soccer and
basketball teams, an experience so rewarding it defies words.

I'm already similarly involved in coaching in our new home in Florida, with
Emily and her younger sister, Anna, both aspiring socceristas, soon to follow.

Of course, none of this - the column, the move, anything - would be possible
without the world's best and most understanding wife and mother, Donna.

So to all of you - athletes, coaches, sports fans and readers - my sincerest
thanks for the past five years, which went by in the proverbial blink of an eye.

We'll deeply, deeply miss the friends and folks who make Troy, Miami County and
the Miami Valley such a wonderful place in which to live and raise children, and
plan to follow events and exploits in the area from afar.

And, of course, with family and friends still foremost in the area, we'll be
back (to visit) before you know it.

So rather than farewell, consider this to be so long. For now.

Silverbacks make playoffs, fall

The Miami Valley Silverbacks, the indoor pro football team that calls Hobart
Arena home, recently qualified for its league's playoffs for the first time. It
also may be the last time.

The Silverbacks, who finished 4-8 in the Great Lakes Division of the Continental
Indoor Football League, fell to Chicago, 60-26, in a firstround CIFL playoff
game last month.

Miami Valley was one of 10 teams out of 14 in the CIFL to qualify for the
playoffs. The Silverbacks' four wins-including Springfield (Ill.), which it
twice defeated-came over teams with an 11-25 record. Springfield, which went
winless, faced such problems that the CIFL suspended the franchise late in the
regular season.

Although the Silverbacks signed a three-year lease with Hobart in 2006, club
president Matt King recently said the franchise has been in discussions with
other cities about possibly moving out of Troy.

Attendance has been sparse, despite the Silverbacks' numerous efforts to reach
out to the community. At issue: How to draw fans indoors at a time - spring -
when they want to be outdoors. At stake: The Silverbacks' future in Troy and at
Hobart Arena.

Stammen leads Potomac

Craig Stammen, the Versailles High School graduate and University of Dayton
product, ranks among the leaders of the Potomac Nationals, the Class A affiliate
of the parent Washington Nationals, in strikeouts and innings pitched.

Thus far this season, the 23-year-old Stammen, drafted by the Nationals in 2005,
has compiled a record of 7-6 with a 4.71 ERA and 79 strikeouts in 109 innings.

He recently enjoyed one of his finest outings this season in a win over
Lynchburg, hurling six scoreless innings.

Contact Steve Jacoby at (937) 225-2251 or by e-mail at sjacoby1@woh.rr.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              793 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            January 25, 1998 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

There's no safe sex in politics;
Opinion - Editorial Opinion - Our Say

SECTION: INSIDE STORY; Leaders; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 502 words


POWER CAN be a potent aphrodisiac. It can enhance attraction, offer opportunity
and ensure access. The temptations to indulge in sexual exploits are often
irresistible. It has been so among princes and politicians down the ages. There
have been times when extra-marital indulgence was accepted almost as a fringe
benefit of high office.

More commonly, it was tolerated as long as it was discreet. But times have
changed, in public attitudes and in the risks of exposure.

The present situation in the Western world is fraught with paradoxes and double
standards. On one hand, society has become more secular, permissive and
tolerant.

On the other, legal and social sanctions have been strengthened - and rightly so
- against sexual harassment, exploitation and abuse, especially of vulnerable
women and young people.

There is an ambivalence towards the conduct of people in the public eye. Pop
stars can be almost as outrageous as they please in their sexual behavior. Not
so politicians.

In spite of widespread mistrust of the personal integrity of politicians as a
class, we expect their private lives to be above reproach. They, in turn, are at
greater hazard than in the past.

Especially in Britain and America there seems no limit to the prurience of a
gossip-prone public or the diligence of a dirt-digging media equipped with all
the advantages of the electronic age.

The extraordinary sexual exploits of US President John Kennedy some 30 years ago
did not become general public knowledge until many years after his
assassination.

By contrast, President Bill Clinton has become increasingly embroiled in
accusations of sexual misconduct to an extent that threatens to paralyse his
adminstration and perhaps - if proven - drag him out of office in disgrace.

What is so damaging is not simply the image of the President of the United
States as a serial sexual predator - indeed, as the claims against him first
gathered strength, the American public seemed prepared to tolerate his
peccadillos - but the allegations of perjury and self-protective obstruction of
justice.

Political leaders can no longer plausibly plead that they should be allowed to
keep their private lives and public personas strictly distinct; not if blemishes
in the former adversely affect the latter. But even then there must be a
judgment about where to draw the line? Should we treat a politician who parades
his moral virtue, and then is caught out, the same way as one who makes no such
claims?

Some cultures are relatively relaxed about their leaders, say, keeping a
mistress. But instances of what can be perceived as sexual abuses of position
and trust are harder to overlook - and false denials and attempts at cover-ups
much less so.

These impinge on character, judgment and credibility, and hence on suitability
for, and effectiveness in, office - as Mr Clinton is learning to his cost.

The adage "If you can't be good, be careful" no longer suffices. These days,
there is no political safe sex short of celibacy or fidelity in a relationship.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1998 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     September 23, 2016 Friday 9:30 AM GMT

NFL Week 3 predictions: Can Trevor Siemian grind out another win?;
The Broncos look to continue their flawless title defense, while the Falcons
look to soar in the Superdome. Plus, take part in our tipping contest

BYLINE: Paolo Bandini

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 1033 words


What a week it has been in the NFL. First we learned that the Vikings might not
have been crazy to trade for Sam Bradford, then that Matt Forte does an
alarmingly good Arnold Schwarzenegger impression. I would ask who could ever
have predicted such a thing, but in fact I already know the answer - grafhamboy
- the one and only person to call every game correctly in week two.

That makes it two weeks, and only two people to score a clean sweep. Will you
join them? And will I, unlike last week, remember to post the overall standings
in the comments section below (sorry guys!). Here are the games you need to
call:

Denver Broncos @ Cincinnati Bengals (Sunday 1pm ET/6pm BST)

One touchdown, three interceptions and two wins. Trevor Siemian's 2016 season is
already starting to look suspiciously similar to Peyton Manning's 2015. As long
as the Broncos can run the ball and dominate on defense, they will remain
extremely hard to beat - even for a Cincinnati team averaging almost 350 yards
per game through the air. The Bengals have abundant talent at all of the
offensive skill positions, but the key question here is whether their offensive
line can hold up. No quarterback has been sacked more than Andy Dalton through
two weeks, whilst the team's running backs are averaging a meager 1.27 yards
before contact. The Broncos will lose a little something up front with DeMarcus
Ware injured, but I still suspect that Von Miller might have a fun afternoon
with Andrew Whitworth and his old Texas A&M team-mate Cedric Ogbuehi. Broncos to
win

Oakland Raiders @ Tennessee Titans                     (Sunday 1pm ET/6pm BST)

There's a lot to like about Oakland this season. Derek Carr is developing into
one of the league's best young quarterbacks, a deep receiving corps boasts
sufficient weapons to keep opponents from doubling up on Amari Cooper, and the
team has obtained solid production out of three different running backs as well.
But then there is the defense, which has given up 69 points and more than 1,000
yards in two outings. Tennessee might not be the best equipped team to exploit
the Raiders' many flaws, but Marcus Mariota did remind us what he is capable of
in leading two fourth-quarter scoring drives to snatch a come-from-behind win
over Detroit. Typically I might suggest that homefield advantage could tilt this
game in the Titans' direction. But given that they have won just two of their
last 17 games at Nissan Stadium, the opposite might actually be true. Raiders to
win

Baltimore Ravens @ Jacksonville Jaguars (Sunday 1pm ET/6pm BST)

Elvis Dumervil is hoping to make this his first game back after offseason foot
surgery, which feels rather fitting. It was against these same opponents last
season that the linebacker collected a facemasking penalty on the penultimate
play of the game (a play that, incidentally, should have been called dead for a
false start) - allowing the Jaguars to kick a game-winning 52-yard field goal.
Bad memories aside, what do Baltimore have to fear on Sunday? They are 2-0, and
their hosts 0-2. And yet, in some areas they do not match up well. A struggling
backfield led by Justin Forsett is not ideally equipped to exploit the Jags'
shoddy run defense. On the other side of the ball, Allen Hurns has a major
height advantage on Baltimore's No2 corner, Shareece Wright. But, when push
comes to shove, I'm just not picking Gus Bradley over John Harbaugh. Ravens to
win

New York Jets @ Kansas City Chiefs (Sunday 4.25pm ET/9.25pm BST)

Few teams were more daunting to throw the ball against in 2015 than Kansas City,
who finished with the second-most interceptions (22) and fourth-most sacks (47)
in the league. So far, this year looks very different. The departures of Sean
Smith and Tyvon Branch have left gaps in the secondary, while Justin Houston's
injury vastly diminishes the team's pass rush. Both DeAndre Hopkins and Will
Fuller posted 100-yard games against the Chiefs last Sunday, and it is no
coincidence that the team's rally against San Diego a week previously occurred
after Keenan Allen had left the field. The Jets might not be ideally equipped to
exploit this weakness against the pass, however, with both Eric Decker and
Brandon Marshall hobbled and likely to be game-time decisions. Chiefs to win

San Diego Chargers @ Indianapolis Colts (Sunday 4.25pm ET/9.25pm BST)

Speaking of injuries, Philip Rivers might soon run out of team-mates to throw
the ball to for San Diego. After Allen in week one, now Danny Woodhead has also
been lost for the season - depriving the quarterback of both his two favourite
targets. The Colts, though, have an even longer injury list - and look
especially thin in the secondary with Darius Butler, Antonio Cromartie and
Clayton Geathers all struggling, and Patrick Robinson working his way through
the NFL's concussion protocol. My suspicion is that Rivers will be able to move
the ball through the air just fine, but even if he can't, the Chargers might
also do well to feed Melvin Gordon against opponents who have given up 250
rushing yards so far. Chargers to win

Atlanta Falcons @ New Orleans Saints (Monday 8.30pm ET/Tuesday 1.30 am BST)

Giving Drew Brees time to throw at the Superdome is not typically a recipe for
success, so the Falcons have good reason to be concerned about a pass rush that
has achieved just a single sack in two games. Already this season they have been
torched by Derek Carr and Jameis Winston, surrendering eight touchdown drives of
75 yards or longer. Their one consolation is that the Saints are really not
faring that much better, with two sacks and more than 900 yards allowed. Indeed,
dig a little deeper into the numbers and you find that Atlanta has had nearly
twice as many (11) QB hurries as New Orleans (six). Neither team, in the end,
has much going for it on defense. What the Falcons have demonstrated, unlike
their neighbours, is that they do have a viable running game to go with their
downfield attack. Falcons to win

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 15, 1999, Monday, Late Edition - Final

HORSE RACING;
No Clear Front-Runner for Derby

BYLINE: By JOSEPH DURSO

SECTION: Section D; Page 10; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 667 words

DATELINE: HALLANDALE, Fla., March 14


So, who is No. 1 on the road to the Kentucky Derby now that Exploit came to the
end of his five-race winning streak, now that his stablemate Prime Timber outran
him in the San Felipe Stakes, now that Vicar won the Florida Derby for his
second straight score in a Grade I stakes in three weeks and now that the filly
Silverbulletday won in the mud for her eighth victory in nine starts?

Now, in short, that the weekend's races left them all with only seven weeks
before the chosen few are led into the starting gate at Churchill Downs for the
Run for the Roses?

Bob Baffert, the trainer with a full house of Derby contenders in his barn,
spent the weekend in New Orleans watching Silverbulletday win the Fair Grounds
Oaks on Saturday and his star colt, General Challenge, run fifth in the
Louisiana Derby today for his first defeat in four starts.

General Challenge, the 4-5 favorite, did not even get into the photo finish that
made Kimberlite Pipe the winner over Answer Lively, last year's juvenile
champion, with Elliott Walden's Ecton Park third.

While Baffert was away, he missed the upset of the weekend: Back home at Santa
Anita, his undefeated star Exploit, with a 5-for-5 record and ranked No. 1, was
outrun Saturday by Prime Timber in the San Felipe. Today, Baffert's 3-year-old
filly Excellent Meeting won the Santa Anita Oaks, beating her stablemate Tout
Charmant for her sixth victory in 10 starts.

At Gulfstream Park on the Eastern end of the 3-year-old caravan, Vicar won the
Florida Derby by a nose over Wondertross, three weeks after winning the Fountain
of Youth by a neck. His trainer, Carl Nafzger, saw only good omens in the way
Vicar responded to pace and traffic.

"He finally got the trip I wanted," Nafzger said Saturday. "He did what we
wanted and responded, and that's the key. He'll step up five lengths from this
race. He'll have to. If horses aren't stepping up at this point, they're falling
behind. You can't go into the Kentucky Derby with any holes. Every step now is a
step up and another elimination. It's like basketball and the N.C.A.A.
tournament."

The next step for the East Coast candidates still aiming for the Kentucky Derby
will be the Blue Grass Stakes at Keeneland on April 10. The parade will be led
by Vicar, the No. 1 colt pro tem. Following him are Wondertross, who is owned by
the Yankees' owner, George Steinbrenner, and trained by Nick Zito, and Cat
Thief, trained by D. Wayne Lukas.

One colt who may not be following the leaders to Kentucky is Grits'n Hard Toast,
who went off as the fourth favorite in the Florida Derby but finished ninth in a
10-horse field. His trainer and part-owner, T. V. Smith, reported this morning
that his horse had medical problems.

"After he didn't run his race," Smith said, "we had the veterinarian scope him.
He has a lung infection, and he also bled. The main thing is he'll live to race
again. We're going to treat him and get him back in top shape. Then we'll decide
what will be next for him."

But Zito came out of the Florida Derby in high spirits after he made a
substitution: He switched Doneraile Court and The Groom Is Red out of his lineup
and promoted Wondertross and Adonis. Adonis, who is owned by Ernie Paragallo,
finished sixth. But Wondertross, who was inspected in the paddock and watched in
the race by Steinbrenner, closed with a mighty rush for second.

"You know, I never won a Florida Derby," Zito said, "but the race has been good
to me. I was second with Strike the Gold in 1991, and he won the Kentucky Derby,
and that was O.K. I was fourth with Go For Gin in 1994, and he won the Kentucky
Derby, and that was O.K. I was fourth with Louis Quatorze in 1996, and he won
the Preakness, and that was O.K. And I was third in 1998 with Halory Hinter, and
he won the Blue Grass, and that was O.K."

Zito said he would send Wondertross to the $750,000 Blue Grass to challenge the
rest of the herd. And if he should improve by the length of his nose, that would
be O.K., too.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Robbie Albarado (2) riding Kimberlite Pipe to victory yesterday
in the Louisiana Derby, edging Answer Lively, center, ridden by Pat Day.
(Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              796 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday

Serial stowaway departs region at her own cost;
Prosecutors dropped charges against her because she's mentally incompetent,
State Attorney's Office reports

BYLINE: Derek Gilliam

SECTION: Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 476 words


Marilyn Jean Hartman, the 63-year-old woman dubbed the nation's serial stowaway
after she boarded multiple airplanes without a ticket, had her Nassau County
case dismissed Monday.

Then she promptly caught the first airplane she could out of town - this time on
her own dime, according to the Nassau County Sheriff's Office.

Nassau County deputies arrested Hartman on charges of criminal use of personal
identification, obtaining food or lodging with intent to defraud and trespassing
after she hopped a flight to Jacksonville from Minnesota without a ticket in
February, authorities said.

Hartman then took a shuttle to the Omni Resort in Fernandina Beach and checked
into a $300-a-night room, pretending to be a guest with a reservation, according
to authorities.

The person with the actual reservation tried to check in the next day, but
Hartman slipped away when management tried to contact her in the room. She was
then found and arrested by deputies in another room that was being renovated on
the first floor.

She had been held in the Nassau County jail until Monday, when prosecutors
dropped the charges against her because she's mentally incompetent to go to
trial, according to the State Attorney's Office.

Nassau County Undersheriff George Leuders said Hartman was taken by the Public
Defender's Office to the City Rescue Mission, but she then asked to be taken to
the airport, where she bought a ticket to Chicago. Hartman is reportedly from
that area.

Matt Bisbee, spokesman for the Public Defender's Office, would only say the
charges have been dismissed and that he was working to find out Hartman's
location.

Hartman grabbed headlines in August after a series of arrests at airports.

She previously evaded security in San Jose, Calif., and had been arrested in
Phoenix, where she is accused of again trying to board a plane without a ticket.

Los Angeles airports handed out pictures of the woman last August and arrested
her when she was spotted scoping out the airport, according to the San Francisco
Weekly.

Hartman tried to board planes in San Francisco without tickets about a
half-dozen times, according to the newspaper.

While the hopped flights may be embarrassing to authorities, one airport that
she duped into letting her fly without a ticket denied that her exploits
amounted to a security breach.

San Jose International Airport told a Los Angeles television station her
exploits weren't security breaches because she went through screening with no
suspicious items.

The courts had placed Hartman on probation, barring her from Los Angeles and San
Mateo, Calif., county airports unless she has already bought a plane ticket,
according to The Associated Press.

Hartman has no known family and has been homeless for the past five years,
according to AP reports.

Times-Union writer Dan Scanlan contributed to this report.

Derek Gilliam: (904) 359-4619

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Mug: Marilyn Jean Hartman will not faces charges in Northeast Florida, officials
said.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Florida Times-Union


                              797 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             March 23, 2008 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

BITTER END; BRILLIANT RIDE;
UW IS 'STILL PROUD' AFTER ANOTHER REMARKABLE SEASON

BYLINE: By ANDY BAGGOT abaggot@madison.com 608-252-6175

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F8

LENGTH: 567 words

DATELINE: DULUTH, MINN.


Three straight trips to the NCAA title game is a pretty noteworthy
accomplishment.

The last one didn't turn out the way the University of Wisconsin women's hockey
team hoped Saturday, but there was some satisfaction in the difficult five-month
journey.

Instead of a record-tying third consecutive national title, the Badgers were
left to deal with a 4-0 loss to Minnesota-Duluth in the championship game at the
Duluth Entertainment and Convention Center.

"We still played really well," UW junior goaltender Jessie Vetter said. "We had
our chances. We're still really proud. Second in the nation isn't too bad. And
we still have a nice trophy to take home."

UW coach Mark Johnson said he wasn't convinced another Frozen Four run was
possible during the early stages of the season. To wit, by Dec. 1, the Badgers
already had lost more games (six) than they had during the previous two seasons
combined (five).

"They had a great season as a whole and they gave themselves a chance to win at
the end," Johnson said.

"Definitely a roller coaster year," said senior left winger and assistant
captain Jinelle Zaugg. "I never doubted the skill on the team, but the group as
a whole. But everybody came together at the right time and proved a lot of
people wrong."

EXPLOITING A WEAKNESS

During a pre-title game press conference Friday, Duluth coach Shannon Miller
said she'd isolated a weakness in the Badgers and intended to build a game plan
around it.

She declined to share it then, nor did she after the victory that gave the
Bulldogs their fourth NCAA title, but first since 2003.

"I'm hoping it's still there next year," she explained.

Was it the UW power play? Its struggles with a methodical tempo? Its inability
to keep the Bulldogs from crashing the net and annoying Vetter?

"Our entire focus going into today's game was, 'Here's Wisconsin's weakness.
We're going to attack and exploit it.'" Miller said.

Did Duluth exploit said underbelly?

"We did," Miller said, "and we did an unbelievable job doing it today."

COMFORTS OF HOME

While the Badgers spent four of the last five weeks of the season on the road -
including the last three - Duluth played its last 11 games at the DECC.

Because the school hosted the Western Collegiate Hockey Association Final
Faceoff and the NCAA Frozen Four, the Bulldogs were at home for all seven
playoff games.

"You know you have your locker room and everything that you need to have,"
Duluth goaltender Kim Martin said. "I think it means a lot to all of us."

WHO'S THE UNDERDOG NOW?

Miller claimed her club was the underdog heading into the NCAA Frozen Four -
despite winning four of five meetings with the Badgers this season - so was the
victory an upset?

"You can spin it however you want to spin it, right?" Miller said. "I just
didn't want my team to feel a tremendous amount of pressure because we had
played them five times and beaten them four times.

"Honestly, when I look at their team on paper, I think we are the underdog."

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

It remains to be seen how Duluth's title will be affected by a NCAA
investigation into whether an ineligible player was used for 26 games this
season.

Freshman winger Iya Gavrilova hasn't played since early February when reports
surfaced that she had played as a professional in her native Russia.

Her games factored into the Bulldogs winning the WCHA regular-season title and
being seeded for the WCHA playoffs and the NCAA tournament.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JACK RENDULICH - ASSOCIATED PRESS Minnesota-Duluth players celebrate
Haley Irwin's first-period goal Saturday afternoon in Duluth, Minn. "They did a
great job crashing the net," UW junior goaltender Jessie Vetter said.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           September 11, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Outlaw's exploits often overlooked

BYLINE: Mike W. Ray

SECTION: DESTINATIONS; Pg. 5F

LENGTH: 360 words


How Wilbur Underhill missed the lasting notoriety of fellow outlaws John
Dillinger, Charles "Pretty Boy" Floyd and George "Machine Gun" Kelly is a
mystery. A one-man crime wave of the Depression era who exemplified the motto
"live fast, love hard and die young," his exploits are documented by R.D. Morgan
in "The Tri-State Terror: The Life and Crimes of Wilbur Underhill" (New Forums
Press, $17.95).

Underhill devoted almost half his life to a career in crime, mostly in Oklahoma,
Missouri and Kansas. His three brothers were criminals, too; the four were
imprisoned together in the Missouri penitentiary in 1926. His confederates over
the years were a tough crowd of desperadoes including the Eno brothers, all five
of whom were confined in various prisons at one time in the mid-1920s.

Underhill, not yet 18, was caught burglarizing a home in his native Joplin, Mo.,
in early 1919, and received a suspended sentence. In summer 1920, he committed a
series of robberies near Joplin; he was captured and convicted. After his
release from prison in December 1921, he and a band of thieves moved into the
tri-state mining area, where they were suspects in several burglaries and other
crimes.

At the time of his death, he was a suspect in armed robberies, all in 1933, of
banks in Harrah, Tryon, Coalgate, Kingfisher, Clinton, Haskell and Geary, as
well as Baxter Springs and Galena, Kan., Frankfort, Ky., and Stuttgart, Ark. He
was convicted of two murders and a suspect in a third. Also, he shot and wounded
a 16-year-old boy in northeastern Oklahoma during a street mugging in 1926. Also
a bigamist, Underhill was frequently incarcerated and often escaped. He dug a
tunnel under the Missouri penitentiary in 1925, sawed his way out of the
Okmulgee County jail in 1927, escaped from the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in
1931 and led 10 other prisoners in an escape from the Kansas penitentiary in May
1933.

He was fatally wounded Dec. 30, 1933, in a gunfight in Shawnee with federal
agents, police and sheriff's deputies; he died a week later at age 32. He was
the first underworld figure of the so-called Midwest crime wave of the early
1930s who was slain by federal agents.



LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: BOOK REVIEW

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Calgary Sun

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Nothing funny about it; Jim Carrey calls lawsuit over ex's death 'heartless'

SECTION: SHOWBIZ; Pg. A46

LENGTH: 482  words


Jim Carrey says a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the estranged husband of his
ex-girlfriend is a heartless attempt to exploit him and vowed to fight the case.

Mark Burton of Portland sued Carrey in Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday,
accusing the actor of providing the prescription drugs his wife Cathriona White
used to overdose in September 2015. The wrongful death lawsuit contends Carrey
improperly obtained prescriptions for Ambien and the powerful opioid oxycodone
under the alias Arthur King.

The suit accuses Carrey of giving White the medications days before she was
found dead in one of Carrey's homes. White and Carrey dated in 2012 and were
photographed together in May 2015.

"What a terrible shame," Carrey wrote in a statement. "It would be easy for me
to get in a back room with this man's lawyer and make this go away, but there
are some moments in life when you have to stand up and defend your honour
against the evil in this world.

"I will not tolerate this heartless attempt to exploit me or the woman I loved,"
Carrey wrote. "I really hope that some day soon people will stop trying to
profit from this and let her rest in peace." Carrey is known for such movies as
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Truman Show, and Ace Ventura: Pet
Detective.

Coroner's officials ruled the 30-year-old makeup artist's death a suicide.

Burton and White married in 2013. A coroner's official told reporters that the
pair were separated and planned to divorce, however Burton's attorney Michael
Avenatti declined

to characterize their relationship beyond saying they were legally married at
the time of White's death.

Carrey's attorney Marty Singer wrote in a statement that White and Burton never
lived together.

The lawsuit accuses Carrey of violating a section of California's Health and
Safety Code against the use of aliases to obtain prescription medications.
"White's death was tragic and easily avoidable," the lawsuit states. Carrey's
prescriptions were legally obtained and his doctor and insurers were aware of
his alias use, Singer wrote. He said many actors use aliases for prescriptions
to protect their privacy.

The issue of prescriptions issued to a celebrity under aliases because an issue
when Los Angeles prosecutors attempted unsuccessfully to obtain felony
convictions against two of Anna Nicole Smith's doctors and her lawyer-boyfriend
over prescription drugs she obtained before her accidental overdose in 2007.
Defence lawyers contended the aliases were used to protect Smith's privacy, and
last year a judge who dismissed the final felony counts against Smith's
confi-dante Howard K. Stern said it was a common practice.

"Everyone did it," Judge Robert J. Perry said in July 2015.

"Everyone did it to protect her privacy from the prying eyes of the everpresent
press representatives in Ms. Smith's life." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media
Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wenn Files; Jim Carrey carries the coffin of his ex-girlfriend
Cathriona White last year.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Calgary Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Edmonton Sun

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Nothing funny about it; Jim Carrey calls lawsuit over ex's death 'heartless'

SECTION: SHOWBIZ; Pg. A55

LENGTH: 482  words


Jim Carrey says a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the estranged husband of his
ex-girlfriend is a heartless attempt to exploit him and vowed to fight the case.

Mark Burton of Portland sued Carrey in Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday,
accusing the actor of providing the prescription drugs his wife Cathriona White
used to overdose in September 2015. The wrongful death lawsuit contends Carrey
improperly obtained prescriptions for Ambien and the powerful opioid oxycodone
under the alias Arthur King.

The suit accuses Carrey of giving White the medications days before she was
found dead in one of Carrey's homes. White and Carrey dated in 2012 and were
photographed together in May 2015.

"What a terrible shame," Carrey wrote in a statement. "It would be easy for me
to get in a back room with this man's lawyer and make this go away, but there
are some moments in life when you have to stand up and defend your honour
against the evil in this world.

"I will not tolerate this heartless attempt to exploit me or the woman I loved,"
Carrey wrote. "I really hope that some day soon people will stop trying to
profit from this and let her rest in peace." Carrey is known for such movies as
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Truman Show, and Ace Ventura: Pet
Detective.

Coroner's officials ruled the 30-year-old makeup artist's death a suicide.

Burton and White married in 2013. A coroner's official told reporters that the
pair were separated and planned to divorce, however Burton's attorney Michael
Avenatti declined

to characterize their relationship beyond saying they were legally married at
the time of White's death.

Carrey's attorney Marty Singer wrote in a statement that White and Burton never
lived together.

The lawsuit accuses Carrey of violating a section of California's Health and
Safety Code against the use of aliases to obtain prescription medications.
"White's death was tragic and easily avoidable," the lawsuit states. Carrey's
prescriptions were legally obtained and his doctor and insurers were aware of
his alias use, Singer wrote. He said many actors use aliases for prescriptions
to protect their privacy.

The issue of prescriptions issued to a celebrity under aliases because an issue
when Los Angeles prosecutors attempted unsuccessfully to obtain felony
convictions against two of Anna Nicole Smith's doctors and her lawyer-boyfriend
over prescription drugs she obtained before her accidental overdose in 2007.
Defence lawyers contended the aliases were used to protect Smith's privacy, and
last year a judge who dismissed the final felony counts against Smith's
confi-dante Howard K. Stern said it was a common practice.

"Everyone did it," Judge Robert J. Perry said in July 2015.

"Everyone did it to protect her privacy from the prying eyes of the everpresent
press representatives in Ms. Smith's life." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media
Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wenn Files; Jim Carrey carries the coffin of his ex-grilfriend
Cathriona White last year.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Edmonton Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   Ottawa Sun

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Nothing funny about it; Jim Carrey calls lawsuit over ex's death 'heartless'

SECTION: SHOWBIZ; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 482  words


Jim Carrey says a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the estranged husband of his
ex-girlfriend is a heartless attempt to exploit him and vowed to fight the case.

Mark Burton of Portland sued Carrey in Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday,
accusing the actor of providing the prescription drugs his wife Cathriona White
used to overdose in September 2015. The wrongful death lawsuit contends Carrey
improperly obtained prescriptions for Ambien and the powerful opioid oxycodone
under the alias Arthur King.

The suit accuses Carrey of giving White the medications days before she was
found dead in one of Carrey's homes. White and Carrey dated in 2012 and were
photographed together in May 2015.

"What a terrible shame," Carrey wrote in a statement. "It would be easy for me
to get in a back room with this man's lawyer and make this go away, but there
are some moments in life when you have to stand up and defend your honour
against the evil in this world.

"I will not tolerate this heartless attempt to exploit me or the woman I loved,"
Carrey wrote. "I really hope that some day soon people will stop trying to
profit from this and let her rest in peace." Carrey is known for

such movies as Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Truman Show, and Ace
Ventura: Pet Detective.

Coroner's officials ruled the 30-year-old makeup artist's death a suicide.

Burton and White married in 2013. A coroner's official told reporters that the
pair were separated and planned to divorce, however Burton's attorney Michael
Avenatti declined

to characterize their relationship beyond saying they were legally married at
the time of White's death.

Carrey's attorney Marty Singer wrote in a statement that White and Burton never
lived together.

The lawsuit accuses Carrey of violating a section of California's Health and
Safety Code against the use of aliases to obtain prescription medications.
"White's death was tragic and easily avoidable," the lawsuit states. Carrey's
prescriptions were legally obtained and his doctor and insurers were aware of
his alias use, Singer wrote. He said many actors use aliases for prescriptions
to protect their privacy.

The issue of prescriptions issued to a celebrity under aliases because an issue
when Los Angeles prosecutors attempted unsuccessfully to obtain felony
convictions against two of Anna Nicole Smith's doctors and her lawyer-boyfriend
over prescription drugs she obtained before her accidental overdose in 2007.
Defence lawyers contended the aliases were used to protect Smith's privacy, and
last year a judge who dismissed the final felony counts against Smith's
confidante Howard K. Stern said it was a common practice.

"Everyone did it," Judge Robert J. Perry said in July 2015.

"Everyone did it to protect her privacy from the prying eyes of the everpresent
press representatives in Ms. Smith's life." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media
Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wenn Files; Jim Carrey carries the coffin of his ex-grilfriend
Cathriona White last year.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Ottawa Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Toronto Sun

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Nothing funny about it; Jim Carrey calls lawsuit over ex's death 'heartless'

SECTION: SHOWBIZ; Pg. A60

LENGTH: 482  words


Jim Carrey says a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the estranged husband of his
ex-girlfriend is a heartless attempt to exploit him and vowed to fight the case.

Mark Burton of Portland sued Carrey in Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday,
accusing the actor of providing the prescription drugs his wife Cathriona White
used to overdose in September 2015. The wrongful death lawsuit contends Carrey
improperly obtained prescriptions for Ambien and the powerful opioid oxycodone
under the alias Arthur King.

The suit accuses Carrey of giving White the medications days before she was
found dead in one of Carrey's homes. White and Carrey dated in 2012 and were
photographed together in May 2015.

"What a terrible shame," Carrey wrote in a statement. "It would be easy for me
to get in a back room with this man's lawyer and make this go away, but there
are some moments in life when you have to stand up and defend your honour
against the evil in this world.

"I will not tolerate this heartless attempt to exploit me or the woman I loved,"
Carrey wrote. "I really hope that some day soon people will stop trying to
profit from this and let her rest in peace." Carrey is known for such movies as
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Truman Show, and Ace Ventura: Pet
Detective.

Coroner's officials ruled the 30-year-old makeup artist's death a suicide.

Burton and White married in 2013. A coroner's official told reporters that the
pair were separated and planned to divorce, however Burton's attorney Michael
Avenatti declined

to characterize their relationship beyond saying they were legally married at
the time of White's death.

Carrey's attorney Marty Singer wrote in a statement that White and Burton

never lived together.

The lawsuit accuses Carrey of violating a section of California's Health and
Safety Code against the use of aliases to obtain prescription medications.
"White's death was tragic and easily avoidable," the lawsuit states. Carrey's
prescriptions were legally obtained and his doctor and insurers were aware of
his alias use, Singer wrote. He said many actors use aliases for prescriptions
to protect their privacy.

The issue of prescriptions issued to a celebrity under aliases because an issue
when Los Angeles prosecutors attempted unsuccessfully to obtain felony
convictions against two of Anna Nicole Smith's doctors and her lawyer-boyfriend
over prescription drugs she obtained before her accidental overdose in 2007.
Defence lawyers contended the aliases were used to protect Smith's privacy, and
last year a judge who dismissed the final felony counts against Smith's
confidante Howard K. Stern said it was a common practice.

"Everyone did it," Judge Robert J. Perry said in July 2015.

"Everyone did it to protect her privacy from the prying eyes of the everpresent
press representatives in Ms. Smith's life." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media
Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: - Wenn Files; Jim Carrey carries the coffin of his ex-grilfriend
Cathriona White last year.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Toronto Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Winnipeg Sun

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Nothing funny about it; Jim Carrey calls lawsuit over ex's death 'heartless'

SECTION: SHOWBIZ; Pg. A30

LENGTH: 482  words


Jim Carrey says a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the estranged husband of his
ex-girlfriend is a heartless attempt to exploit him and vowed to fight the case.

Mark Burton of Portland sued Carrey in Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday,
accusing the actor of providing the prescription drugs his wife Cathriona White
used to overdose in September 2015. The wrongful death lawsuit contends Carrey
improperly obtained prescriptions for Ambien and the powerful opioid oxycodone
under the alias Arthur King.

The suit accuses Carrey of giving White the medications days before she was
found dead in one of Carrey's homes. White and Carrey dated in 2012 and were
photographed together in May 2015.

"What a terrible shame," Carrey wrote in a statement. "It would be easy for me
to get in a back room with this man's lawyer and make this go away, but there
are some moments in life when you have to stand up and defend your honour
against the evil in this world.

"I will not tolerate this heartless attempt to exploit me or the woman I loved,"
Carrey wrote. "I really hope that some day soon people will stop trying to
profit from this and let her rest in peace." Carrey is known for such movies as
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Truman Show, and Ace Ventura: Pet
Detective.

Coroner's officials ruled the 30-year-old makeup artist's death a suicide.

Burton and White married in 2013. A coroner's official told reporters that the
pair were separated and planned to divorce, however Burton's attorney Michael
Avenatti declined

to characterize their relationship beyond saying they were legally married at
the time of White's death.

Carrey's attorney Marty Singer wrote in a statement that White and Burton

never lived together.

The lawsuit accuses Carrey of violating a section of California's Health and
Safety Code against the use of aliases to obtain prescription medications.
"White's death was tragic and easily avoidable," the lawsuit states. Carrey's
prescriptions were legally obtained and his doctor and insurers were aware of
his alias use, Singer wrote. He said many actors use aliases for prescriptions
to protect their privacy.

The issue of prescriptions issued to a celebrity under aliases because an issue
when Los Angeles prosecutors attempted unsuccessfully to obtain felony
convictions against two of Anna Nicole Smith's doctors and her lawyer-boyfriend
over prescription drugs she obtained before her accidental overdose in 2007.
Defence lawyers contended the aliases were used to protect Smith's privacy, and
last year a judge who dismissed the final felony counts against Smith's
confi-dante Howard K. Stern said it was a common practice.

"Everyone did it," Judge Robert J. Perry said in July 2015.

"Everyone did it to protect her privacy from the prying eyes of the everpresent
press representatives in Ms. Smith's life." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media
Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: - Wenn Files; Jim Carrey carries the coffin of his ex-grilfriend
Cathriona White last year.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Winnipeg Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Jim Carrey calls lawsuit over ex's death 'heartless'

SECTION: WHATSON

LENGTH: 475 words


LOS ANGELES - Jim Carrey says a wrongful-death lawsuit filed by the estranged
husband of his ex-girlfriend is a heartless attempt to exploit him and vowed to
fight the case.

Mark Burton of Portland sued Carrey in Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday,
accusing the actor of providing the prescription drugs his wife Cathriona White
used to overdose in September 2015. The wrongful death lawsuit contends Carrey
improperly obtained prescriptions for Ambien and the powerful opioid oxycodone
under the alias Arthur King.

The suit accuses Carrey of giving White the medications days before she was
found dead in one of Carrey's homes. White and Carrey dated in 2012 and were
photographed together in May 2015.

"What a terrible shame," Carrey wrote in a statement. "It would be easy for me
to get in a back room with this man's lawyer and make this go away, but there
are some moments in life when you have to stand up and defend your honour
against the evil in this world.

"I will not tolerate this heartless attempt to exploit me or the woman I loved,"
Carrey wrote. "I really hope that some day soon people will stop trying to
profit from this and let her rest in peace." Carrey is known for such movies as
"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind," "The Truman Show," and "Ace Ventura:
Pet Detective."

Coroner's officials ruled the 30-year-old makeup artist's death a suicide.

Burton and White married in 2013. A coroner's official told reporters that the
pair were separated and planned to divorce, however Burton's attorney Michael
Avenatti declined to characterize their relationship beyond saying they were
legally married at the time of White's death.

Carrey's attorney Marty Singer wrote in a statement that White and Burton never
lived together.

The lawsuit accuses Carrey of violating a section of California's Health and
Safety Code against the use of aliases to obtain prescription medications.

"White's death was tragic and easily avoidable," the lawsuit states.

Carrey's prescriptions were legally obtained and his doctor and insurers were
aware of his alias use, Singer wrote. He said many actors use aliases for
prescriptions to protect their privacy.

The issue of prescriptions issued to a celebrity under aliases because an issue
when Los Angeles prosecutors attempted unsuccessfully to obtain felony
convictions against two of Anna Nicole Smith's doctors and her lawyer-boyfriend
over prescription drugs she obtained before her accidental overdose in 2007.

Defence lawyers contended the aliases were used to protect Smith's privacy, and
last year a judge who dismissed the final felony counts against Smith's
confidante Howard K. Stern said it was a common practice.

"Everyone did it," Judge Robert J. Perry said in July 2015. "Everyone did it to
protect her privacy from the prying eyes of the ever-present press
representatives in Ms. Smith's life."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Jim Carrey calls lawsuit over ex's death 'heartless'

SECTION: WHATSON

LENGTH: 475 words


LOS ANGELES - Jim Carrey says a wrongful-death lawsuit filed by the estranged
husband of his ex-girlfriend is a heartless attempt to exploit him and vowed to
fight the case.

Mark Burton of Portland sued Carrey in Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday,
accusing the actor of providing the prescription drugs his wife Cathriona White
used to overdose in September 2015. The wrongful death lawsuit contends Carrey
improperly obtained prescriptions for Ambien and the powerful opioid oxycodone
under the alias Arthur King.

The suit accuses Carrey of giving White the medications days before she was
found dead in one of Carrey's homes. White and Carrey dated in 2012 and were
photographed together in May 2015.

"What a terrible shame," Carrey wrote in a statement. "It would be easy for me
to get in a back room with this man's lawyer and make this go away, but there
are some moments in life when you have to stand up and defend your honour
against the evil in this world.

"I will not tolerate this heartless attempt to exploit me or the woman I loved,"
Carrey wrote. "I really hope that some day soon people will stop trying to
profit from this and let her rest in peace." Carrey is known for such movies as
"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind," "The Truman Show," and "Ace Ventura:
Pet Detective."

Coroner's officials ruled the 30-year-old makeup artist's death a suicide.

Burton and White married in 2013. A coroner's official told reporters that the
pair were separated and planned to divorce, however Burton's attorney Michael
Avenatti declined to characterize their relationship beyond saying they were
legally married at the time of White's death.

Carrey's attorney Marty Singer wrote in a statement that White and Burton never
lived together.

The lawsuit accuses Carrey of violating a section of California's Health and
Safety Code against the use of aliases to obtain prescription medications.

"White's death was tragic and easily avoidable," the lawsuit states.

Carrey's prescriptions were legally obtained and his doctor and insurers were
aware of his alias use, Singer wrote. He said many actors use aliases for
prescriptions to protect their privacy.

The issue of prescriptions issued to a celebrity under aliases because an issue
when Los Angeles prosecutors attempted unsuccessfully to obtain felony
convictions against two of Anna Nicole Smith's doctors and her lawyer-boyfriend
over prescription drugs she obtained before her accidental overdose in 2007.

Defence lawyers contended the aliases were used to protect Smith's privacy, and
last year a judge who dismissed the final felony counts against Smith's
confidante Howard K. Stern said it was a common practice.

"Everyone did it," Judge Robert J. Perry said in July 2015. "Everyone did it to
protect her privacy from the prying eyes of the ever-present press
representatives in Ms. Smith's life."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                              June 12, 2016 Sunday

Muslim group CAIR condemns Orlando shooting

LENGTH: 664  words


Police and investigators work near the area of the mass shooting at the Pulse
nightclub on in Orlando, Florida on June 12, 2016. (AFP photo)

The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) has condemned the Orlando
nightclub mass shooting that left at least 50 people dead and 53 others injured
on Sunday, calling it a hate crime.

The gunman, identified by US media as an alleged Daesh sympathizer named Omar
Mateen, a US citizen of Afghan descent from Port St. Lucie, Florida, took
hostages at the club and barricaded himself in the complex but was later killed
by specially trained SWAT units.

Daesh later on claimed responsibility for the attack, according to media outlets
affiliated with the terror group.

"Our hearts, thoughts, and prayers are with the victims and their families...
This is a hate crime, plain and simple. We condemn it in the strongest possible
terms. It violates our principles as Americans and as Muslims," Nihad Awad,
CAIR's National Executive Director, said on Sunday.

"We will not give into hate. We will not give into fear," he added.

Awad insisted that Daesh is an outlawed group which doesn't represent Muslims.

"You do not speak for us. You do not represent us. You are an aberration, you
are an outlaw ... they don't speak for our faith. They never belonged to this
beautiful faith," he said.

He called for unity among all Americans and warned politicians against
exploiting the tragedy to score points.

"And to those politicians who may try to exploit this tragedy, we ask them to
respect the victims and their families. This is not the time to score points.
This is not the time to exploit fear. This is the time for unity and faith," he
said.

Nihad Awad: "This is not the time to score points."

The remarks come after presumptive Republican presidential nominee used the
attack to push ahead with his anti-Muslim rhetoric. Donald Trump said the
shooting further proved his xenophobia campaign.

"Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic [sic] terrorism," he
said. "I don't want congrats, I want toughness and vigilance. We must be smart!"

Trump called to bar all Muslims from entering the United States while
campaigning in primary season.

Earlier, US President Barack Obama denounced the Orlando shooting as an act of
terror and hatred, and ordered the American flag lowered to half mast to honor
the victims.

"Today as Americans we grieve the brutal murder, a horrific massacre of dozens
of innocent people," Obama said during a White House address to the nation.

"Although it is early in the investigation, we know enough to say that this was
an act of terror and an act of hate," he added.

The US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) said it is investigating both
domestic and international connections to the mass shooting.

The suspect allegedly called 911 moments before the attack, pledging allegiance
to the terror group, the Lost Angeles Times reported, citing a federal law
enforcement official.

Trump: Obama should step down over Orlando attack

Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally at the Tampa Convention Center on
June 11, 2016 in Tampa, Florida. (AFP photo)

On Sunday afternoon, Trump issued a more strongly-worded statement, attacking
President Obama for refusing to attribute the Orlando shooting to "radical
Islam".

"In his remarks today, President Obama disgracefully refused to even say the
words 'radical Islam'. For that reason alone, he should step down," he said.

"If Hillary Clinton, after this attack, still cannot say the two words 'radical
Islam' she should get out of this race for the presidency," he declared.

"If we do not get tough and smart real fast, we are not going to have a country
anymore," Trump warned.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/25/146579832477.jpg

Police and investigators work near the area of the mass shooting at the Pulse
nightclub on in Orlando, Florida on June 12, 2016. (AFP photo)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/35/146579832723.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/51/146579833003.jpg



LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2016 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             August 3, 2014 Sunday

Sex trafficking summit describes distressing new trends

BYLINE: BY HANNAH MADANS, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 490 words

DATELINE: VAN NUYS



HIGHLIGHT: Dark industry exploiting young teens now makes $32 billion a year,
experts say.


 The sex trafficking industry makes $32 billion a year: more than Nike,
Starbucks and Google combined.

A pimp sex-trafficking underage girls can make $650,000 a year - tax-free - by
having as a few as four children in his care.

And for many gangs, the sex trafficking business is less risky than selling
drugs.

Those were among the details shared by the FBI, Los Angeles Police Department
and Strength United, a local organization that helps exploited children, during
a Child and Sex Trafficking Summit on Wednesday night in Van Nuys.

Experts talked of a growing epidemic that involves 200,000 children a year in
the U.S.

Girls are getting younger and pimps are finding them via the Internet, experts
said. Runaways and homeless youth are common targets for pimps.

One in three teens is recruited as a prostitute within 48 hours of leaving home,
said FBI Special Agent Ronald Schloegel said.

But girls and boys without troubled backgrounds are at risk as well.

"If you're unloved, in need of attention, you're vulnerable," said Kim Roth,
executive director of Strength United. "They're going to exploit that need that
you have. It's a seduction."

Pimps operate by using Facebook to learn about a target and then exploit that
young person's interests and promise friendship or romance. Eventually, pimps
claim they're out of money and if the target really loved him, she would help.
Not wanting to lose what she thinks is love, the victim will become a
prostitute.

Roth and Schloegel said victims are then faced with threats of violence. Pimps
provide food and clothing, which are withheld if the victim refuses to bring in
money.

Schloegel said he has seen that pimps are increasingly tattooing girls. One pimp
even tattooed the acronym c.r.e.a.m. - "cash rules everything around me" -
across the eyebrows of the girls who worked for him.

The average age of the girls working as prostitutes is 14, younger than it has
been in the past. Roth said some pimps hang out near middle schools and high
schools, looking for girls who seem lonely or without friends.

Schloegel said that once girls become trafficked, their average life expectancy
is only seven more years because of violence and poor health. If a girl starts
at age 14, by age 21 she likely will be dead.

Being sex-trafficked at such a young age causes lasting psychological
development problems for the women, even if they do get out, said Dr. Stephany
Powell, executive director Mary Magdalene Project. The Van Nuys group helps
those who have escaped prostitution, offering therapy, education services,
résumé building and more.

"We deal with the women that have been left behind. They've been left behind as
girls," Powell said. She added that women who are sex-trafficked at age 13 and
get out at 22 "are still those 13-year-olds."

"The children are very important," she added, "but we can't forget about the
women because the women really are those children."



hmadans@losangelesregister.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             August 3, 2014 Sunday

Sex trafficking summit describes distressing new trends

BYLINE: BY HANNAH MADANS, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 490 words

DATELINE: VAN NUYS



HIGHLIGHT: Dark industry exploiting young teens now makes $32 billion a year,
experts say.


 The sex trafficking industry makes $32 billion a year: more than Nike,
Starbucks and Google combined.

A pimp sex-trafficking underage girls can make $650,000 a year - tax-free - by
having as a few as four children in his care.

And for many gangs, the sex trafficking business is less risky than selling
drugs.

Those were among the details shared by the FBI, Los Angeles Police Department
and Strength United, a local organization that helps exploited children, during
a Child and Sex Trafficking Summit on Wednesday night in Van Nuys.

Experts talked of a growing epidemic that involves 200,000 children a year in
the U.S.

Girls are getting younger and pimps are finding them via the Internet, experts
said. Runaways and homeless youth are common targets for pimps.

One in three teens is recruited as a prostitute within 48 hours of leaving home,
said FBI Special Agent Ronald Schloegel said.

But girls and boys without troubled backgrounds are at risk as well.

"If you're unloved, in need of attention, you're vulnerable," said Kim Roth,
executive director of Strength United. "They're going to exploit that need that
you have. It's a seduction."

Pimps operate by using Facebook to learn about a target and then exploit that
young person's interests and promise friendship or romance. Eventually, pimps
claim they're out of money and if the target really loved him, she would help.
Not wanting to lose what she thinks is love, the victim will become a
prostitute.

Roth and Schloegel said victims are then faced with threats of violence. Pimps
provide food and clothing, which are withheld if the victim refuses to bring in
money.

Schloegel said he has seen that pimps are increasingly tattooing girls. One pimp
even tattooed the acronym c.r.e.a.m. - "cash rules everything around me" -
across the eyebrows of the girls who worked for him.

The average age of the girls working as prostitutes is 14, younger than it has
been in the past. Roth said some pimps hang out near middle schools and high
schools, looking for girls who seem lonely or without friends.

Schloegel said that once girls become trafficked, their average life expectancy
is only seven more years because of violence and poor health. If a girl starts
at age 14, by age 21 she likely will be dead.

Being sex-trafficked at such a young age causes lasting psychological
development problems for the women, even if they do get out, said Dr. Stephany
Powell, executive director Mary Magdalene Project. The Van Nuys group helps
those who have escaped prostitution, offering therapy, education services,
résumé building and more.

"We deal with the women that have been left behind. They've been left behind as
girls," Powell said. She added that women who are sex-trafficked at age 13 and
get out at 22 "are still those 13-year-olds."

"The children are very important," she added, "but we can't forget about the
women because the women really are those children."



hmadans@losangelesregister.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             August 3, 2014 Sunday

Sex trafficking summit describes distressing new trends

BYLINE: BY HANNAH MADANS, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 490 words

DATELINE: VAN NUYS



HIGHLIGHT: Dark industry exploiting young teens now makes $32 billion a year,
experts say.


 The sex trafficking industry makes $32 billion a year: more than Nike,
Starbucks and Google combined.

A pimp sex-trafficking underage girls can make $650,000 a year - tax-free - by
having as a few as four children in his care.

And for many gangs, the sex trafficking business is less risky than selling
drugs.

Those were among the details shared by the FBI, Los Angeles Police Department
and Strength United, a local organization that helps exploited children, during
a Child and Sex Trafficking Summit on Wednesday night in Van Nuys.

Experts talked of a growing epidemic that involves 200,000 children a year in
the U.S.

Girls are getting younger and pimps are finding them via the Internet, experts
said. Runaways and homeless youth are common targets for pimps.

One in three teens is recruited as a prostitute within 48 hours of leaving home,
said FBI Special Agent Ronald Schloegel said.

But girls and boys without troubled backgrounds are at risk as well.

"If you're unloved, in need of attention, you're vulnerable," said Kim Roth,
executive director of Strength United. "They're going to exploit that need that
you have. It's a seduction."

Pimps operate by using Facebook to learn about a target and then exploit that
young person's interests and promise friendship or romance. Eventually, pimps
claim they're out of money and if the target really loved him, she would help.
Not wanting to lose what she thinks is love, the victim will become a
prostitute.

Roth and Schloegel said victims are then faced with threats of violence. Pimps
provide food and clothing, which are withheld if the victim refuses to bring in
money.

Schloegel said he has seen that pimps are increasingly tattooing girls. One pimp
even tattooed the acronym c.r.e.a.m. - "cash rules everything around me" -
across the eyebrows of the girls who worked for him.

The average age of the girls working as prostitutes is 14, younger than it has
been in the past. Roth said some pimps hang out near middle schools and high
schools, looking for girls who seem lonely or without friends.

Schloegel said that once girls become trafficked, their average life expectancy
is only seven more years because of violence and poor health. If a girl starts
at age 14, by age 21 she likely will be dead.

Being sex-trafficked at such a young age causes lasting psychological
development problems for the women, even if they do get out, said Dr. Stephany
Powell, executive director Mary Magdalene Project. The Van Nuys group helps
those who have escaped prostitution, offering therapy, education services,
résumé building and more.

"We deal with the women that have been left behind. They've been left behind as
girls," Powell said. She added that women who are sex-trafficked at age 13 and
get out at 22 "are still those 13-year-olds."

"The children are very important," she added, "but we can't forget about the
women because the women really are those children."



hmadans@losangelesregister.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 3, 2000 Thursday

Rattling McCain's skeletons;
CHARACTER;
The presidential hopeful was a war hero,;
but he's also had a few rough spots.

BYLINE: ANDREW COHEN, Washington Bureau

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 939 words

DATELINE: Washington


For Senator John McCain of Arizona, winning in New Hampshire this week was the
greatest triumph of a life marked by courage, independence and principle, and
marred by infidelity, temper and allegations of personal impropriety.

As public attention turns to the insurgent candidacy of Mr. McCain, he risks
losing the halo his life of public service has given him. If critics raise
questions about his past - his unruly youth, his extramarital affairs, his
fabled temper, his campaign contributors - he may find that the issue of
character cuts both ways.

That's because he has subtly but surely made character - his character - a theme
of his campaign against the moneyed special interests and unethical politicians.

If the test is to be squeaky clean, his critics ask, can he pass it? Up to now,
Mr. McCain has successfully defused the attacks.

He treated the whisper campaign over his temper and mental fitness last year
with humour ("Some people say I'm nuts for running for president," he joked) and
with documentation (he released thousands of pages of medical records showing
him to be psychologically sound).

He also dismissed allegations recently that he helped wealthy contributors with
a licence to buy a TV station from the Federal Communications Commission (he
said he had written many letters, and asked only to accelerate the process, not
influence it) or allegations that he could never work with Congress as president
because he is too stubborn (he pointed out all his supporters).

But if Mr. McCain drives Texas Governor George Bush to the wall, threatening the
party establishment, the tone may get nasty. If critics want dirt on Mr. McCain,
who presents himself as an apostle of the new politics, they will find some in
his personal life and his political career.

Mr. McCain was born into a prominent naval family in the Panama Canal Zone on
Aug. 29, 1937. Both his father and grandfathers were admirals, and it was
virtually ordained, he says, that he would follow in their footsteps, much as he
wanted to study history and literature at Princeton.

He attended the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, the storied institution on the
shores of Maryland, where he graduated fifth from the bottom of his class. His
academic life was marked by chronic insubordination and a file of demerits that
nearly saw him dismissed.

Having trained as navy pilot, he volunteered for Vietnam. He was shot down in
1967, imprisoned for 5½ years, and tortured when he refused initially to sign a
confession of guilt. Out of honour, he says, he refused early release when the
Vietnamese learned who his father was and wanted to exploit the propaganda
value.

There was a time when Mr. McCain did not want to talk about his experiences in
Vietnam. In fact, it was only recently that he realized that character was one
of his greatest assets, and he began to use (some say exploit) it as a
cornerstone of his campaign.

In New Hampshire, there was scarcely a meeting where he did not invoke his
military record and his foreign-policy experience, drawing the subtle contrast
between himself and Mr. Bush, who is seen to be weak in foreign affairs.

"I don't need on-the-job training in military or foreign affairs," Mr. McCain
said. "I am ready to lead."

It wasn't coincidental that his memoir, Faith of my Fathers, has appeared during
the campaign. Other candidates, such as Mr. Bush, have also published books, but
none has been a months-long bestseller.

Personality and politics will meet again in South Carolina, where about a
quarter of the electorate are veterans. Mr. McCain is expected to emphasize his
military service as he proposes military reform.

When he returned from Vietnam with crippling injuries (he still cannot lift his
arms above his shoulders), Mr. McCain's flying days were over. The navy
appointed him as its liaison to the Senate, where he got his first taste of
politics, and came to know many heavyweights, including former senator Gary
Hart.

By all accounts, his charm and humour were appealing.

"He was funny and gregarious," Mr. Hart said recently. "He's got a bad-boy
streak in him that's just wonderful. Mischievous is the word. There's a little
boy in there trying to get out."

As his career in the navy was coming to an end, so was his first marriage to
Carol Shepp, a former model he had married in 1965. They had one child and he
was father to two others adopted in that marriage.

In one of his many startling confessions, Mr. McCain has blamed himself for the
marriage's failure because of his extramarital affairs. He admits them openly,
as he does other flaws, but in a country seeking to establish a new standard of
morality in the White House, it could leave him vulnerable among conservatives.

Mr. McCain and his first wife were divorced in 1980, but she bears no ill will.

"I attribute it more to John turning 40 and wanting to be 25 again than I do
anything else," she told author Robert Timberg.

Mr. McCain soon married Cindy Hensley, 17 years his junior. They have four
children.

When a seat in Congress opened in Arizona in 1982, Mr. McCain ran. Because he
had only recently moved to the state, he was accused of being a carpetbagger. He
silenced critics when he told an all-candidates meeting that having been in the
navy, he had not been able to sink roots.

"As a matter of fact, the place I lived longest in my life was Hanoi," he said.

Like other ambitious politicians, Mr. McCain pined for the Senate, and when
Barry Goldwater retired in 1986, he won his seat. He has been re-elected twice.
It was there that he earned his reputation as "Senator Hothead" for his temper.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           December 2, 2009 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

'Lawman' finds Seagal fighting crime -- for real;
Action star plays role of an actual deputy

BYLINE: Gary Strauss

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 577 words


On the big screen, he has been Out for Justice, Under Siege and Above the Law.
Now, the action star is the law on A&E channel's Steven Seagal Lawman
(premiering tonight, 10 ET/PT).

Seagal has quietly served as an unpaid reserve deputy in Louisiana's Jefferson
Parish Sheriff's Office since the mid-'80s, when he befriended the late Sheriff
Harry Lee. But Seagal's law enforcement career is no longer under the radar.

Seagal, who is juggling a resurgent film career and wrapping up his second blues
album (he plays guitar and sings), agreed to have his sheriff's exploits
documented to highlight the  plight of New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina and
support local law enforcement.

"I'm nervous about the way things may be interpreted; I don't want people to
think I'm doing this for attention or to benefit me," says Seagal, who co-stars
with Robert De Niro in the Robert Rodriguez film Machete next year. "I just hope
this gives a shot to New Orleans and the police who need help. They need a voice
for the fine work they're doing."

Seagal, 58, who has a second home in bayou country, is a fully commissioned
deputy and spends several months a year in Louisiana. While on the force, he
usually works five-day shifts.

Jefferson Parish Col. John Fortunato, who partners with Seagal on the 13-episode
series, says Lawman captures deputies in a high-crime arena -- interrogating
suspects, breaking up fights, chasing bad guys and making arrests.

"It just so happens that Steven Seagal is a movie star, but this is not made for
TV, where there are second takes or things staged," Fortunato says. "He's out
patrolling areas where there's a considerable amount of crime. This is for
real."

Longtime fans are familiar with Seagal's martial-arts exploits, but Lawman
demonstrates Seagal's marksmanship. In tonight's episode, while providing
shooting tips, he nonchalantly clips the top off a Q-tip and a wooden match
from a distance of about 15 feet. "Usually, I can make the match light," Seagal
says. "But it was wet out that day."

Seagal also assists with martial-arts training and community outreach. But he
says he prefers night patrols, riding shotgun in squad cars: "I love getting out
on the streets and helping people."

Suspects and bystanders alike are often surprised to find Seagal along with
similarly armed, bulletproof-vested deputies. "When we're in the middle of
something, jumping people, I'll ignore that," Seagal says. "But the real bad
guys don't give a  (darn) who you are."

Still, some observers are starstruck. "We were at one home prevalent for drug
activity, and we're in the process of arresting people," Fortunato says. "Some
(bystanders) were more interested in autographs than they were in their loved
ones getting carted off to jail."

Seagal's film career has been indelibly marked by a tough-guy, in-your-face
persona. But real police work, Seagal says, involves more diplomacy that muscle.
"You try to be a friend instead of an enforcer," he says. "On my team, I make
sure there are good guys who don't want trouble, but are willing and able to
deal with it if they have to."

A&E programming exec Robert Sharenow says Seagal's sheriff's role "screamed out
to be documented."

"When we heard about his police work, it was a no-brainer," Sharenow says. "This
is the real thing. He's patrolling one of the most dangerous areas of the
country. But he isn't out there to kick butt, grandstand or show off. He's a
peace officer, looking to protect people."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Michael Muller, A&E

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                               November 21, 2007

Security concerns cloud virtualization deployments;
IT managers worry the intangible boundaries in virtual environments might not
keep out the bad guys

BYLINE: Denise Dubie

LENGTH: 1318 words


Virtual servers are prone to the same attacks that plague physical servers, as
well as to new threats that exploit weaknessesin hypervisor technology, experts
warn.

Server virtualization makes it possible to run multiple applications and
operating systems on fewer hardware resources, and it lets customers quickly
provision new resources based on demand. But the features that enable such
flexible computing cause network and security managers to wonder whether a
security threat in a virtualized environment could spread to the entire network.

"I am holding off on server virtualization because I have already been hearing
about security issues with the hypervisor," says Craig Bush, network
administrator at Exactech in Gainesville, Fla. "One server being breached
doesn't take down our entire network, but if it is possible for a hypervisor to
do that, I'll just wait until the security angle is more played out before I
jump into virtualization."

Here we address four of the top concerns about securing virtual environments and
attempt to discern the hype from reality.

~~ IT managers worry that security attacks designed to exploit a hypervisor
could infect virtual machines that reside on the same physical host, in what is
known as a "virtual-machine escape."

If a virtual machine is able to "escape" the isolated environment in which it
resides and interact with the parent hypervisor, industry experts say it's
possible an attacker could gain access to the hypervisor, which controls other
virtual machines, and avoid security controls designed to protect the virtual
machine.

"The Holy Grail of security in the virtual world is to bounce out of the
[virtual machine] and take control," said Pete Lindstrom, a senior analyst at
Burton Group, on a recent Webcast on virtualization security.

But while there are documented attempts to execute a virtual-machine escape,
some point out that a security disaster related to such an event has yet to be
proved.

"To my knowledge, there has never been a hack that has allowed a security
problem to propagate from one virtual host to another by way of the hypervisor
technology," says Steve Ross, a consultant with Catapult Systems, which is
helping logistics provider Transplace in Plano, Texas, deploy and maintain its
VMware virtual environments.

"It could happen, and the attacker or breach could hop from [virtual machine] to
[virtual machine], but I have yet to see it as a functional exploit out there
today," adds Tim Antonowicz, systems engineer at Bowdoin College in Brunswick,
Maine.Antonowicz, who uses VMware ESX to virtualize servers, says he tries to
thwart such problems by sequestering virtual machines in resource clusters,
depending on the sensitivity level of the applications or data the virtual
machine is housing. "You have to segregate machines in that manner to heighten
security," he says.

Edward Christensen, director of technical operations at Cars.com in Chicago,
also is taking steps to insulate his company's virtual environments.

"The old-school ways of securing an environment involve putting firewalls
between the database and application layers, for instance, but when you have a
virtualized environment, those lines get crossed," Christensen says. The online
automotive company uses VMware to virtualize servers on HP boxes, and
Christensen says being able to store virtual environments off the network helps
ease security worries. "It's one of the nice things about virtual environments,"
he says.

~~ The threat of virtual-server sprawl -- a scenario in which the ease of
deploying virtual machines results in more instances than planned -- makes
staying on top of patches and updates for operating systems critical in a
virtual environment."Patching becomes more challenging, because these [virtual
machines] move around, and they multiply," Burton Group's Lindstrom said.

"The ability to validate the patch status on individual machines becomes more
important in the virtual world."IT managers agree patching is critical in
virtual environments, but the real difference between virtual- and
physical-server patching isn't a security issue, it's about volume.

"We need to keep in mind that our servers that are virtualized require the same
patch management and maintenance as physical servers," Catapult's Ross says.
Transplace has three virtual environments -- two inside the network and one in
the DMZ -- which include about 150 virtual machines. "The hypervisor adds
another layer to focus on in patching, but patching itself is equally critical
on physical and virtual machines," Ross says.

For Bowdoin's Antonowicz, staying in front of virtual-server sprawl is a
priority now, because the time it takes to patch machines increases when servers
multiply beyond his direct control. In the past he routinely patched 40 servers,
but now he is responsible for securing more than 80. He hopes one day to find
tools to better automate the process.

"Virtual environments can grow too fast without physical constraints,"
Antonowicz says. "Before we roll out more [virtual machines], I want to look
into more automation around patching."

~~ As a rule, many IT managers avoid putting virtual servers in the DMZ, and
other IT managers won't run mission-critical applications on virtual machines in
the DMZ or even on those machines protected by corporate firewalls. According to
Burton Group's Lindstrom, however, it can be done when using proper security
measures. "You can run virtualization inside the DMZ as long as the firewall or
separating device is physical. And in most cases, as long as you are separating
out resources, you are good to go," he said.

Bowdoin's Antonowicz says DMZ or not, he sets up his virtual environments with
the mind-set that exploits exist, and he works to limit the access among
clusters of virtual resources. "Each cluster has its own set of resources and
accesses so you can't get from one to the other and there is no way to jump
within each cluster," he explains.

Many IT managers work to segment their virtual servers and keep them within
corporate firewalls, but some place virtual machines in the DMZ -- but only with
noncritical services running on them. According to Scott Engle, director of IT
infrastructure at Transplace, everything of value is behind the firewall, and
those applications running on virtual machines in the DMZ include such services
as DNS.

"We run [virtual machines] in a trusted segment on a trusted host. In our DMZ,
we will run physical boxes with a few VMware instances, but we do not bridge the
gap between trusted and untrusted networks," Engle says.

~~ Any new operating system is rife with flaws. So, does that mean hackers are
champing at the bit to find virtual-operating-system vulnerabilities and launch
security attacks?

Industry watchers advise security managers to remain a bit skeptical about
virtual operating systems and their potential to introduce more holes and
vulnerabilities than they can patch manually.

"Virtualization is essentially a new operating system, which is something that
hasn't been done for a long time, and it enables an intimate interaction between
underlying hardware and the environment," says Rich Ptak, founder and principal
analyst at Ptak, Noel and Associates. "The potential for messing things up is
significant."

The virtual hypervisor may not represent as much of a security threat on its own
as people might think, however. Having learned from Microsoft's well-publicized
problems patching Windows, companies such as VMware may have worked to limit the
potential for security holes in the hypervisor technology.

"VMware has done a good job compared to Microsoft, and the vendor seems to be
ahead of that type of issue," says Peter Christy, principal at Internet Research
Group. "But a hypervisor is a small piece of code that represents a small and
limited surface area, which is easier to make more secure than 80 million lines
of code."




LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2007 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  Immunity Inc

                        1130 Washington Avenue 8Th Floor
                             Miami Beach,  FL 33139
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (786) 220-0600
FAX: (786) 513-8100
URL: www.immunityinc.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Immunity was founded in 2002 as an attack-focused software security and
consulting company. The company is headquartered in Miami, Florida with other
employees throughout Canada, North and South America.  Immunity's flagship
product CANVAS has redefined the standard in penetration testing. CANVAS is a
trusted platform with hundreds of exploits, automated exploitation systems, and
a comprehensive, reliable exploit framework for penetration testers and security
professionals worldwide. The VisualSploit CANVAS Plugin is the first visual
exploit construction kit for non-programmers.  Immunity provides specialized
security services to new clients on request. Immunity also serves as an
information hub within the global security community, hosting the popular
dailydave mailing list and often serving as a source for analysis and opinion on
new threats, as reflected in various media coverage.  Immunity's technical team
is widely known at all levels within the security community. Team members often
give public talks at global venues such as BlackHat, CanSecWest, and PacSec.
Immunity regularly trains other professional penetration testers in
vulnerability analysis, exploitation technologies, and other specialized attack
techniques. Immunity employees contribute new exploits to CANVAS as well as
conducting ongoing research.  Immunity is managed by a husband and wife team.
The Founder and CTO of Immunity, Dave Aitel, is the author of several books
including The Shellcoder's Handbook and T

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 7,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              814 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Daily Press

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Film may inspire another Eagle

BYLINE: By Mark Staniforth; news@westerndailypress.co.uk

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 851  words


Twenty-eight years after adjusting his famously fogged-up glasses and launching
off the lip at Calgary Olympic Park, Eddie "The Eagle" Edwards is as surprised
as anyone to land in the company of an avalanche of Hollywood A-listers.

Mr Edwards, from Cheltenham, will be the star attraction at tonight's European
premiere of the £16 million film which lends his name and chronicles the journey
and ultimate fulfilment of one of the unlikeliest of Winter Olympic stars.

The 52-year-old, who soared to two last-place finishes amid unprecedented media
attention at the 1998 Games, has long since swapped the glasses for a pair of
permanent contact lenses and undergone surgery to correct his protruding jaw.

But Mr Edwards is determined that his legacy, if not his looks, will live on
through the renewed attention afforded to his exploits and ultimately manifest
in an unlikely new generation of British ski-jumping talent.

"I'm hoping kids will be inspired by the film and realise it was my dream to get
to the Olympics - and it was a dream that can come true," Mr Edwards said.

"It would be a wonderful legacy to leave if the film could inspire one young
British athlete to take up the sport and go on to become an Eddie The Eagle of
the future."

Since his exploits in Calgary saddled any prospective successors with such a
comic-book burden, it is hardly surprising that they should have been so few and
far between. Only one, Glynn Pedersen, has appeared at a Winter Games since.
Pedersen, a Canadian born to British parents, was a tenuous representative given
he had to spend a year living with an aunt in Hebden Bridge in order to
circumvent nationality rules.

At Salt Lake City in 2002, he out-jumped Mr Edwards by 20 metres, and at least
managed to avoid the ignominy of finishing last.

But Mr Edwards' latest ambition is not as preposterous as it sounds.
Eighteen-year-old twins Robert and Jake Locke, who are members of the Park City
ski-jumping club in Utah, represented Great Britain at last month's World Junior
Ski-Jumping Championships in Romania.

In addition, Mr Edwards has fostered a relationship with 15-year-old Jonty
Learoyd, born and brought up by British parents in Courcheval, who finished
fifth in this year's Youth Winter Olympics - albeit representing France.

Mr Learoyd, so immersed in ski-jumping culture that he leaped off his first 60m
jump at the age of six, has inevitably grown up well-versed in the exploits of
Eddie The Eagle - and is already experienced enough to take the inevitable
comparisons with the compatriot of his parents in good heart.

"My dad used to talk about him when I first started ski-jumping and when I
looked him up on Youtube I was completely amazed that a guy from Great Britain
could go all the way to the Winter Olympics," said Mr Learoyd.

"I considered him a bit of a legend and it was great to finally meet him - he
was such a normal, down-to-earth guy and it has been great to get to know him
and learn from him about the experience of going to an Olympics."

It may be a little too late to claim Mr Learoyd, who is firmly embebbed within
the French system and whose aspirations understandably extend to representing a
nation whose own ski-jumping tradition rather eclipses our own.

But the task of identifying future British ski-jumping talent has evolved beyond
the immediate post-Eagle aftermath of tightened eligibility criteria and an
unfair image which did little to encourage prospective jumpers down an already
difficult route.

For the nation's winter sports governing body, British Ski and Snowboard,
ski-jumping holds as much potential as any other winter discipline: perhaps more
than others, in particular given the relative lack of depth in the women's
sport, which was only added to the Olympic programme in 2014.

The Locke twins are licensed by - and in contact with - BSS, and the
organisation's chief executive Dave Edwards sees no reason why the Eddie The
Eagle movie should be anything but a good thing in convincing British kids
across all disciplines that appearing at a Winter Games is not necessarily
beyond them.

"I hope it does do positive things for winter sports in this country - I can't
see any reason why it wouldn't," said Mr  Edwards.

"Eddie had the aspiration to represent Great Britain at the Winter Olympics and
he proved that it was possible. The issue we have is there is no direct
mechanism for capitalising on any interest it creates - it is easy enough to be
inspired by Jenny Jones' bronze medal and sell out snow domes across Britain,
but more difficult to start out as an aspirant ski jumper."

Yet miracles happen. Ask the skeleton squad who have brought home four
consecutive Winter Games medals since 2002 despite having no ice chute to call
their own; or the cross-country skiers who have achieved World Cup medals while
their homeland continues to bask in an unseasonably warm winter.

Mr Edwards' greatest hope is that somewhere on the back row of a provincial
cinema this weekend lurks a young boy or girl inspired enough by his story to
take up the sport - and go on to become Great Britain's very own Golden Eagle.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Eddie soared to two last-place finishes at the 1998 Games
Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards hopes the new Hollywood film will shine spotlight on
ski jumping
The new Eddie The Eagle film stars Hugh Jackman, top, and Taron Egerton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           September 27, 2011 Tuesday

Minister says oil drilling in Cypriot economic zone "runs smoothly"

LENGTH: 511 words


Text of report in English by Greek Cypriot news agency CNA

Nicosia, 27 September: Drilling for hydrocarbons in Cyprus' Exclusive Economic
Zone (EEZ) runs smoothly, Minister of Commerce, Industry and Tourism Praxoulla
Antoniadou said on Tuesday.

Speaking to the press, following a visit to the National Energy Control Centre
in Nicosia, Commerce Minister said that the first results from the exploratory
drilling are expected in 73 days from the day the drilling has begun in early
September.

She explained that after the first results are carried out, the Government will
make its assessments and will take decisions on how the hydrocarbon reserves
will be exploited.

Commerce Minister said that both the President of the Republic and the
Government have the support of the whole international community regarding
Cyprus' sovereign right to explore and exploit the hydrocarbons in its EEZ.

"Turkish Cypriots and Turkey have therefore an additional incentive to
positively contribute in the efforts to reach a settlement to the Cyprus problem
and to reunify the island so that we can all move forward as partners of peace
in the region", she noted.

Antoniadou also said that she briefed her EU counterparts about the matter last
week, clarifying that Cyprus has a sovereign right to explore for hydrocarbons,
underlying that Turkey has to cooperate for a Cyprus solution.

Invited to comment on the presence of a Turkish exploration ship in the Eastern
Mediterranean, close to Cyprus' EEZ and asked whether the Cyprus government will
take any action on that, Antoniadou said that "this does not fall into my
competences", noting that "what I can assure you off is that the drilling
process runs well."

Asked whether the second bidding phase will take place in 2011, Commerce
Minister said that the matter is being discussed and that "we intend to have the
second bidding phase take place the soonest".

Turkey, whose troops occupy Cyprus' northern part since they invaded in 1974, is
the only country in the world, which does not recognise the Republic of Cyprus.
Following a decision by Nicosia to begin natural gas and oil exploration in its
EEZ, Ankara has deployed warships in the Eastern Mediterranean.

Drilling has already begun and is being carried out by Houston-based "Noble
Energy", off Cyprus' south-eastern coast.

The government of Cyprus has protested to the UN and the EU Turkey's moves,
saying it has a sovereign right to exploit its natural resources, pointing out
that Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots will benefit from any benefits that may
come from oil drilling.

Cyprus has signed an agreement to delineate the Exclusive Economic Zone with
Egypt and Israel with a view to exploit any possible natural gas and oil
reserves in its EEZ. A similar agreement has been signed with Lebanon but the
Lebanese Parliament has not yet ratified it.

UN-led talks between the leaders of the two communities in Cyprus are currently
underway in order to reach a negotiated settlement that would reunify the
island.

Source: Cyprus News Agency, Nicosia, in English 1241 gmt 27 Sep 11

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                              July 7, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

A pirate named Drake

BYLINE: Times Colonist

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 287  words


Thank Johnny Depp, his swagger and his eyeliner for reviving interest in the
pirates who once caused havoc on the seas. And as you stand in line this
weekend, waiting for your chance to catch Depp in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead
Man's Chest, consider our own connections to the world of piracy.

Back in the 1500s, Francis Drake was feared throughout the Caribbean. Feared,
that is, by the Spaniards, because Drake had a tendency to seize their gold and
silver.

His exploits made Drake and and his men quite rich, but they weren't in it just
for the money. They were devoted to Queen Elizabeth, and were doing whatever
they could to help England in its continual conflict with Spain.

In 1577, the queen commissioned Drake to take on the Spanish along the Pacific
coast of the Americas. After crossing through the Magellan Strait at the south
end of South America, he sailed well north, eventually landing in a port and
claiming the land around it for the English Crown.

He named his land Nova Albion -- and ever since, there has been speculation
about precisely where Drake's Nova Albion was. Former cabinet minister Sam Bawlf
wrote a book a few years ago claiming that Drake made it as far as Comox, a
notion pooh-poohed by communities in California and Oregon that claim Drake as
their own.

We'll likely never know whether Drake really made it to Vancouver Island -- but
there is no doubt that the English explorer, who was knighted for his exploits,
was a real-life pirate of the Caribbean.

Sadly, portraits of Drake don't show eyeliner, dreadlocks or a gold tooth, but
that's OK. When Depp brings history to life, he's allowed to enhance it just a
little.

And if his efforts help renew interest in our past, so much the better.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            August 25, 2000, Friday

GIULIANI MIGHT SUE PETA FOR MILKING' HIS IMAGE

BYLINE: David Seifman, Cathy Burke and Chris Wilson

SECTION: Sport+Late City Final; Pg. 002

LENGTH: 382 words


Mayor Giuliani last night threatened to sue animal-rights activists for drafting
him in their bid to cow the country's dairy farmers.

Virginia-based People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals raised hackles all
over "America's Dairyland" - and infuriated Hizzoner - this week when two
anti-milk billboards bearing Giuliani's picture and referring to his prostate
cancer showed up in Appleton and Oshkosh, Wis.

Another billboard with the ad - featuring a gaunt-looking Giuliani with a milk
mustache over the words "Got prostate cancer?" - is planned for Fond du Lac.

"If they don't pull it, I would strongly consider suing them, because I think
what they're doing is outrageous," Giuliani told reporters before a Manhattan
town-hall meeting.

"It would always be tasteless to exploit anyone's illness," he added. "I
obviously feel it's tasteless and inappropriate to exploit [mine]."

Giuliani claimed PETA was violating his civil rights by using his image without
permission.

A PETA spokesman said the ads went to Wisconsin because no one in New York would
take them.

Wisconsin farmers agreed with Giuliani.

"I think their antics are no longer funny. They're getting pretty despicable,"
said Tom Thieding, a Wisconsin Farm Bureau spokesman.

A Harvard School of Public Health study in April said consuming lots of dairy
products might modestly raise the risk of prostate cancer - although the case
was far from settled. It recommended further study.

But Manfred Kroger, a Pennsylvania State University food-science professor,
debunked the milk-cancer claim, saying:

"People need to listen to the consensus view. We cannot base personal or public
policy decision on case histories or the whims of people who want to make a
better world."

Giuliani agreed, saying, "Milk has nothing to do with why I have prostate
cancer. I think it's horrible they're trying to affect an entire industry like
that."

He even kept a milk carton at his table during the Town Hall meeting.

PETA also targeted talk-show host Rosie O'Donnell after it was reported she got
into a fishing accident in the Florida Keys.


LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IT LEAVES A SOUR TASTE: The group People for the Ethical Treatment of
Animals has invaded America's dairyland with ads exploiting Hizzoner's prostate
cancer.

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              818 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 31, 1997, Friday, Final Edition

Battling Cyber Saboteurs; Teams of Technicians Try to Make the Internet Safe for
Firms

Elizabeth Corcoran; Victoria Shannon, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 1286 words


If someone breaks into your house, you call the police. But whom do you call if
someone breaks into your company's computer network?

Eight to 10 times a day, worried network overseers call the CERT Coordination
Center at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh. While more than 50 CERTs --
Computer Emergency Response Teams -- around the world field such panicked calls,
the one at Carnegie Mellon is the biggest and best known.

"Most of the time, the first message that comes in is 'Help -- someone's trying
to crash my system,' " said Kathy Fithen, who manages CERT's daily operations.

As computer networks become both widespread and essential to companies and
government agencies, they also have become tempting targets for cyber saboteurs
-- people who try to exploit bugs or problems in widely used software programs
so they can wiggle into other people's networks or even shut them down all
together.

Earlier this month the Erol's Internet service joined the list of victims when
someone sent a racist and obscene message to all 140,000 of its subscribers.
(Technicians at Erol's were able to intercept and delete many of them before
they were read.)

Such concerns first became front page news in 1988, when a rogue computer
program let loose by then-college student Robert Morris nearly paralyzed the
Internet. Worse -- during that crisis there was no obvious source of help and
information for people trying to contain the damage.

In the aftermath, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), an arm
of the Defense Department that pioneered the Internet, turned to Carnegie
Mellon's Software Engineering Institute to create a central repository for
information about network vulnerabilities.

CERT has devoted little time to ferreting out security problems in personal
computer software. But it does encourage calls to its 24-hour hot line from
people running networks based on more sophisticated operating system software.
To encourage them to report their problems, CERT promises anonymity.

And CERT's team of 20 software experts is no vigilante force. It has no power to
arrest cybersneaks and doesn't try to track them down -- that's the job of state
and federal law enforcement officials. "We focus on providing technical
assistance," figuring out "what has happened and how," Fithen said. "We don't
care about why it happened or who did it."

When CERT has identified a new software bug and -- usually -- a fix for that
problem, it spreads the news by sending out an electronic "advisory." More than
10,000 people and organizations on CERT's electronic mailing list regularly
receive these dense, technical reports. They're also available to anyone who
wants to come to CERT's Web site (www.cert.org) and read them. CERT published 27
advisories last year.

One recent survey of more than 200 companies, conducted by the Baltimore
security firm WarRoom Research, concluded that nearly half had been successfully
attacked by intruders over the past year. That may understate the problem
because many companies are unwilling to admit that they have had electronic
break-ins, suggested Mark Gembicki, executive vice president of WarRoom
Research.

Over the past six years or so, "we've been moving away from this notion of the
'ethical hacker,' someone who explores computer networks for thrills," said
Scott Charney, chief of the Justice Department's computer crime and intellectual
property section and CERT board member. Now the attackers tend more to be
"disgruntled, former employees, more hacking for economic profit and gain,"
Charney said. "As we become more reliant on these networks . . . more
sophisticated criminal groups will target them."

"We'd like to see the trend toward increased understanding [of information
security] grow," said Rich Pethia, program director of CERT.

CERT's fundamental mission is education about network vulnerability. It holds
workshops and publishes papers. But mostly it uses the Internet -- because
broadcasting complex information to countless people with just a few clicks of a
mouse is what the sprawling network is best suited to do.

CERT doesn't charge for its help, though it is trying to figure out how to cover
its costs, perhaps through a door fee for special workshops. Most of its $ 4.2
million budget is still provided by DARPA, Pethia said. That money also includes
funds for research on how to create software that is less vulnerable to
malevolent hackers. "CERT is becoming more proactive," said John Salasin, a
program manager at DARPA.

Work at Carnegie Mellon's CERT is fast-paced and frenzied. "It's very
high-stress work," Fithen said. "We have a huge incident load. At any one time,
we have 300 incidents that are open and that we're working on." (In CERT-speak,
an "incident" is an unwelcome probe into a computer network or site.)

Some staff members are assigned to process electronic mail messages, which last
year topped 31,000. Three or four staff members handle incoming telephone calls.
They ask callers detailed questions about their problems and open up an
electronic file. Others then take over the problem, researching just what chinks
exist in the programs used by the victims and working with software vendors to
devise patches to block those holes.

Some security experts contend that CERT should publish information about
software problems and break-ins more swiftly than it does, rather than
postponing advisories until it has worked out technical "fixes" with software
vendors.

"It's an age-old question: Is it better to let people know they're vulnerable or
keep it a secret?" said Peter G. Neumann, an expert on computer security at SRI
International in Palo Alto. "It seems silly to hide information from the people
who need it."

"We don't want to cry 'Fire!' unless we know a way to an exit," Pethia said.
"But if we have a real fire and evidence that a vulnerability is really [being]
exploited . . . we'll go out with an advisory."

"What CERT does is react to situations," said Steve Cross, director of the
Software Engineering Institute. "We're also focused on designing systems that
are survivable at the very beginning."

Others say that CERT should share more with other computer response teams. Since
the Carnegie Mellon group receives the most reports of hacking, the more
information it passes on to other emergency response teams, the better equipped
they will be to tackle the problems referred to them, said Eugene Spafford, a
computer science professor at Purdue University, who helped found its CERT in
1990.

Security experts should even revisit the policy of keeping the names of victims
confidential, Spafford suggested. Greater public disclosure of problems might
spur software users to demand better products and help law enforcement officials
track down intruders, he said.

"It's time," Pethia said, "to put on information security seat belts."

UNWELCOME INSTRUSIONS

In a 1996 survey of Fortune 1000 firms, more than half said they detected
attempts from outsiders to gain computer access; of those firms that detected
attempts, more than half said at least 11 attempts were successful; and 63
percent of the firms reported at least one insider caught misusing the system.

Q: Detected attempts from outsiders to gain access in the past 12 months?

Yes 58%

No 12%

Don't know 30%

Q: How many insiders were caught misusing the computer systems?

1-10 34%

More than 10 30%

None 27%

Unknown 10%

NOTE: Numbers may not add to 100 percent because of rounding. Survey of Fortune
1000 firms was conducted by WarRoom Research; results are from 205 firms that
responded.


LOAD-DATE: January 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, davod a denoma for The Washington Post; Photo, ap; Chart, The
Washington Post, THE COMPUTER EMERGENCY RESPONSE TEAM Location: Carnegie Mellon
University in Pittsburgh Established: 1988 Purpose: To issue warnings about
software that hackers may exploit (usually by sending an advisory over the
Internet) Number of software experts: 20 Fee for their services: none Hot line
for systems administrators: 412-268-7090 College student Robert Morris leaves a
federal courthouse in Syracuse, N.Y., in 1990 after being given three years
probation and a $10,000 fine for nearly paralyzing the Internet in 1988.  Tracy
Tamules is program administrator at CERT, which got more than 31,000 requests
for help last year.  Bill Fithen, left, and Shawn Hernan at Carnegie Mellon's
Computer Emergency Response Team in Pittsburgh, which provides technical
assistance.  Rich Pethia is the program director at CERT.

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              819 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     October 6, 1991, Sunday, Final Edition

Byrd Accused of 'Pork Barrel' Politics;
Gingrich, Other Republicans May Seek to Exploit Issue in Campaigns

Eric Pianin, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A27

LENGTH: 915 words


House Minority Whip Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.), attempting to make Democratic
spending practices an issue in the 1992 campaign, last week accused Sen. Robert
C. Byrd (D-W.Va.) of using "pork barrel" politics to subvert the congressional
appropriations process.

Gingrich said in an interview that Byrd's efforts to transfer CIA and FBI
facilities to West Virginia "makes no sense at all except as a pure abuse of
power."

"The way in which Byrd in particular, but also a number of senior Democratic
chairmen, are exploiting the process to grab pork without merit could become a
vastly bigger scandal" than the current uproar over House members who bounced
8,331 checks at the House Bank, Gingrich said.

Gingrich has acknowledged writing three bad checks on his House Bank account.

The Republican leader's personal attack on Byrd, the former Senate majority
leader who assumed the chairmanship of the Appropriations Committee two years
ago, marks an escalation of tactics following a week of partisanship on the
House floor over several major 1992 spending bills. Gingrich and others said
they believe they can exploit the "pork" issue in next year's campaign.

Reps. Robert S. Walker (R-Pa.) and Dan Burton (R-Ind.) took the floor to
criticize a raft of projects earmarked for lawmakers' districts, including $ 144
million in "special purpose" housing and economic development grants that would
benefit members from 38 states. Burton also attacked the $ 48 million earmarked
for the approved plan to shift 2,400 FBI fingerprint identification jobs to a
new automated facility in Clarksburg, W.Va.

"This is one of the famous pork-barrel projects that our good friend, the
chairman of the Appropriations Committee in the Senate, is doing for his
district," said Burton, who contends that Congress is doing little to cope with
a soaring deficit.

Burton claimed that by moving fingerprint identification to West Virginia, the
government is adding $ 185 million to the overall cost of the project, an
assertion disputed by the FBI.

"I understand that that is a popular thing to do," Burton said. "But the fact of
the matter is the people in the rest of the country, in Indiana, and California,
and in New York, are paying for these pork-barrel projects, many of which are
not necessary."

Some Democrats say such public works and economic development projects are
essential during a recession.

Congress also is considering a Byrd-backed proposal to transfer 3,000 CIA
employees to West Virginia, a plan that has drawn sharp criticism from Rep.
Frank R. Wolf (R-Va.) and other area lawmakers who have become alarmed at Byrd's
mounting efforts to raid government agencies on behalf of his state.

During a rare public session of the House intelligence committee last July,
Chairman Dave McCurdy (D-Okla.) said his panel found that the CIA ignored
standard federal procedures for selecting a location, and chose a site in West
Virginia over objections from its own real estate consultant.

Last Friday, Gingrich charged that Byrd "runs over normal procedures and forces
agencies to lie." He said Byrd "has terrorized the CIA" into making the
decision. "It's a pure abuse of power," he said.

Byrd said through a spokesman that in both cases the FBI and the CIA had reached
their decisions on their own. "Senator Byrd feels that, what's important is if
it benefits the nation," the spokesman said. "It's secondary that it benefits
West Virginia."

Mark Mansfield, a spokesman for the CIA, said Friday that a consolidation
proposal that would send 3,000 employees to West Virginia was made
independently, and that the CIA had begun looking at a West Virginia site two
years before Byrd contacted the agency to support the idea.

A spokesman for the FBI said that plans to shift 2,400 jobs from Washington to
West Virginia stem from the need to replace an antiquated, manual fingerprint
identification operation with an automated system, as well as to find a more
stable work force to reduce turnover in the relatively low-paying jobs. He said
the decision to relocate to West Virginia would add, at most, $ 25 million to
the overall cost of the facility, now projected to be $ 483 million.

The Senate and House have completed work on three 1992 appropriations bills: $
80 billion for veterans, housing, environment and space; $ 19.9 billion for the
treasury, postal service and general government, and $ 21.9 billion for the
Commerce, Justice and State departments.

It proved to be another good week for Byrd, who locked up an additional $ 25
million for construction of a federal building and courthouse in Beckley, W.Va.,
$ 22.5 million for the National Technology Center at the Wheeling Jesuit
College, $ 10 million for a National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)
computer software validation center at West Virginia University in Morgantown,
and $ 2.1 million for a job training center and Alzheimer's clinic in the state.

But others also did well.

Bob Traxler (D-Mich.), chairman of the House Appropriations subcommittee with
jurisdiction over veterans, housing and space, claimed $ 124 million in federal
funds for Michigan, including $ 29 million in NASA programs.

Traxler's counterpart on the Senate Appropriations subcommittee, Barbara A.
Mikulski (D-Md.), lined up $ 20 million for construction of the Christopher
Columbus Center for Marine Research and Exploration in Baltimore and $ 25
million in NASA programs for the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              820 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 13, 1987 Thursday

Xerox aims to harness its own inventiveness

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 694 words


BY  OLIVER BERTIN
 The Globe and Mail
   Xerox Corp. may be tops in corporate research, but when it comes to
marketing, the company just can't seem to get it together.

Take the facsimile machine - or daisy wheels, laser printers, the
mouse, laser fingerprint detectors and the Windows technology that made
Apple Computer Inc. rich.

They were all invented by Xerox, and they were all made famous by
somebody else.

"Yes, this is a real problem for us," admitted William Spencer, the man
who runs Xerox's international research program from its head office in
Stamford, Conn. "What we haven't done well is exploit our ideas."

But that is all about to change, he promised.

"The Japanese have taught us many lessons in how to market our
research. We're working very hard to transfer our technology from the lab
bench to the marketplace."

Certainly, the company is working hard at the research and development
end of its business. It spends $1-billion
 annually on research, and a large proportion is aimed straight at the
marketplace.

At the Canadian R&D headquarters in Mississauga, Ont., there are 55
PhDs who are working on better inks and paper. In Rochester, N.Y., there's
work with electronics, polymers and lasers and, in California, the key
phrase is artificial intelligence.

"We want English to go in one end of the telephone, and French to come
out the other," Mr. Spencer said.
  Xerox realized long ago that it was losing its place in the highly
competitive copier world, and needed to find a new business if it were to
continue growing. "Xerox became quite complacent in the 1970s, and we were
in serious trouble by the early 1980s," Mr. Spencer said.

The problem came from the Japanese, and specifically from Canon Inc.,
which is now selling 300,000 copiers a year, more than anybody else in the
world.

The realization caused a fundamental shift in corporate direction. The
company decided to narrow the focus in its copier business and to move
into areas that are still considered futuristic.

Xerox gave away the low end of the copier market - "we couldn't make
any money" - and, instead, emphasized its more powerful and more expensive
machines. This strategy was successful and the company has regained the
lead in world copier sales, by value if not volume.

Xerox also decided to exploit its financial expertise, and turned
itself into one of the largest leasing companies in the world. Now, one-
third of its corporate revenue comes from this sector.

The company even leases aircraft to Air Canada, and a diverse
collection of other goods that includes ships and factories.

But from the research viewpoint, the most exciting change in corporate
direction was the marriage of the "old" copier technology with state-of-
the-art computers, and futuristic artificial intelligence.

Much of this work is broadly based, to say the least. "We want to see
how humans interact with each other," Mr. Spencer said.

Xerox is widely credited with being a leader in computer linguistics.
The French-English telephone is a long way off, but the company is already
using computers to translate French into English. A clerk simply inserts a
French document into the back of a fax machine, and watches as the
translated version comes out the front.

The machine is far from perfect, however. It has a very small, specific
vocabulary, and it often needs help with new words.

Other developments are closer to market. There is a new dictionary of
word stems that can cram four times as many words into one memory bank,
and researchers are developing a thesaurus.

Xerox has not forgotten xerography, but it has moved so far away that
it now uses a new name, "document processing." The key technology here is
micro-electronics, which has opened up a new world of possibilities.

Instead of optical lenses, the copiers of the future will use
photoreceptors that will digitize the words on a document and lay them out
on the screen of a personal computer.

"We'll have dynamic documents," Mr. Spencer said. "We'll be able to
edit them, change them, update them daily."

As for that paperless office that so many pundits have promised for so
long - forget it, Mr. Spencer says.

"The use of paper is increasing, and will do so for another decade or
so."

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Departments of Justice, Homeland Security and Labor Announce
Selection of Phase II Anti-Trafficking Coordination Teams

LENGTH: 835  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 The U.S. Departments of Justice, Homeland Security and Labor announced today
the selection of six new Anti-Trafficking Coordination Teams.  These teams will
lead Phase II of the ACTeam Initiative, an interagency effort to streamline
federal criminal investigations and prosecutions of human trafficking offenses.





 The six new ACTeams will be based in Cleveland; Minneapolis; Newark, New
Jersey; Portland, Maine; Portland, Oregon; and Sacramento, California.  Each
team will serve under the leadership of the local U.S. Attorney and the
highest-ranking federal investigative agents in the regional field offices of
the FBI, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and Department of Labor.




 "Human trafficking robs victims of their liberty, exploits them for labor and
for sex, and infringes not only on their rights, but on their essential
humanity," said Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch.  "Through the ACTeam
Initiative, we are harnessing resources across the federal government to ensure
that our multi-agency fight against human trafficking is as comprehensive and
effective as possible.  In the days and months ahead, the Department of Justice
will continue to work alongside our federal partners to prosecute wrongdoing,
support survivors, and bring this devastating crime to an end."



 "The Anti-Trafficking Coordination Team (ACTeam) Initiative is an important
tool in our collective ability to combat sex trafficking, forced labor and
domestic servitude here in the United States," said Secretary Jeh C. Johnson of
Homeland Security.  "It highlights our commitment to increase capacity to rescue
victims and bring perpetrators of these terrible crimes to justice.  Our
collective efforts are amplified when we work together in furtherance of shared
missions like this.  And, through DHS's Blue Campaign, we will remain focused on
ending human trafficking in the United States."



 "A trafficking victim shouldn't have to spend time trying to determine whether
they have a Department of Labor issue or a Department of Justice issue," said
Secretary Thomas Perez of the Department of Labor.  "Their basic rights are
being violated, and we can accomplish so much more to redress those crimes when
we work together.  The Anti-Trafficking Coordination Team Initiative, by
bringing our respective departments' collective resources and expertise to bear,
is helping us build a whole even greater than the sum of our individual parts."



 "Human trafficking is a modern day form of slavery that destroys lives and
exploits the most vulnerable in our society," said Director James B. Comey of
the FBI.  "These Anti-Trafficking Coordination Teams are the most effective way
to investigate human trafficking by allowing us to work in a collaborative,
victim-oriented manner."



 The new teams were selected by unanimous consensus of the Federal Enforcement
Working Group after a rigorous, competitive and nationwide selection process.
The group includes subject matter experts from the Department of Justice
(including the Civil Rights Division's Human Trafficking Prosecution Unit, the
Executive Office of U.S. Attorneys and the FBI's Civil Rights Unit); the
Department of Homeland Security (including ICE and Homeland Security
Investigations' Human Smuggling and Trafficking Unit); and the Department of
Labor (including the Office of the Inspector General and the Wage and Hour
Division).



 The new ACTeams will collaborate with the human-trafficking subject matter
experts in the Federal Enforcement Working Group to implement a strategic action
plan in their respective districts.  Over the next two years, teams are expected
to develop high-impact federal investigations and prosecutions, dismantle
human-trafficking networks, vindicate the rights of human-trafficking victims
and bring traffickers to justice.



 Launched in 2011 by the Attorney General and Secretaries of Labor and Homeland
Security, the ACTeam Initiative established six Phase I ACTeams in Atlanta; El
Paso, Texas; Kansas City, Missouri; Los Angeles; Memphis, Tennessee; and Miami.
In these ACTeam districts, prosecutions of forced labor, international sex
trafficking and adult sex trafficking rose even more markedly than they did
nationally.  For instance, the number of defendants convicted rose 86 percent in
ACTeam districts, compared to 14 percent in non-ACTeam districts, and 26 percent
nationwide.  Based on this demonstrated record of success, Attorney General
Lynch, Labor Secretary Perez and Homeland Security Secretary Johnson launched
Phase II of the ACTeam Initiative earlier this year.  The fight against human
trafficking remains a top priority for the three officials and they have
committed to collaborating with other governmental and non-governmental partners
to continue to enhance their anti-trafficking efforts.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                              823 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            October 14, 2012, Sunday

The Koch brothers' foray into politics

BYLINE: Bill Wilson and Roy Wenzl, The Wichita Eagle

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 2876 words


WICHITA, Kan. - In January 2009, just days after the inauguration of President
Obama, Charles and David Koch met in their company headquarters in Wichita with
their longtime political strategist, Rich Fink.

The country was headed toward bankruptcy, they agreed. Fink told them bluntly
that Obama's administration represented the worst of what Charles and David fear
most: a bloated, regulation-heavy, free-spending government that could plunge
the country into another deep recession. That day, Fink advised two of the
richest men in the nation that it would be the fight of their lives to stop the
government spending spree and to change the course of the country, starting with
the 2012 election.

"If we are going to do this, we should do it right or not at all," Fink, 61,
recalled telling the brothers. "But if we don't do it right or if we don't do it
at all, we will be insignificant and we will just waste a lot of time and I
would rather play golf.

"And if we do it right, then it is going to get very, very ugly."

Three and a half years later, Obama accused the Koch brothers of engineering "a
corporate takeover of our democracy."

The brothers' political spending and the network of conservative political
organizations and think tanks they fund have sparked protests.

Two years of condemnations and criticism prompted Charles Koch to break his
silence about politics. In his most extensive interview in 15 years, Charles
Koch, along with his family and friends, talked about why he wants to defeat
Obama and elect members of Congress who will stop what he calls catastrophic
overspending.

Government recklessness threatens the country and his business, he said.

The Kochs say the price for their political involvement has been high: death
threats, cyberattacks on their business, hundreds of news stories criticizing
them, calls for boycotts of the company's consumer goods, and what the brothers
see as ongoing and unjustified public attacks from the Obama administration.

The Kochs aren't finished. Win or lose in November, they plan to start a new
fight. They are organizing dozens of business and grass-roots groups to build
support for eliminating all corporate and agricultural subsidies.

The country must deal with corporate welfare, which they say exceeds $350
billion a year, before it can rein in spending on Social Security and Medicare,
Fink said.

"How is any American going to feel good about reforming Medicare, Medicaid and
Social Security when there is so much cronyism going on with these companies,
and businessmen are making off with so many tax dollars?" Fink asked.

The Kochs won't say how much they are spending or specifically what they are
doing to defeat Obama, but it's enough to prompt critics to question how much
political influence one family should have.

"The Koch political machine is the most elaborate, comprehensive financial dip
into American politics since Standard Oil and the robber barons a century ago,"
said Larry Jacobs, a political scientist at the University of Minnesota.

"This is the 21st century version of how you buy yourself a government in
America."

Their motive, Jacobs suspects, is wealth. "The rest of this may well be the
means to an end."

Charles Koch says his enemies accuse him of maneuvering "so that we can be free
to plunder or exploit people, exploit our employees, exploit our customers.

"And if that's true, why are we the only large company that's doing this?" he
asked. "If this were the easy way to make money, why wouldn't they be doing it?"

Charles Koch said he would prefer not to get involved in politics.

"I look at those activities as defensive," he said. "That is, we need to
preserve enough liberty and enough of a market economy so people can speak out
and have independent resources to provide diverse opinions, and try to put some
limits on the growth and intrusiveness of government."

The brothers say they are taking risks by speaking out. Mark Holden, Koch
Industries' senior vice president and general counsel, said there has been a
progression of attacks and lies about the company since Obama's election,
including:

Summer 2010: Austan Goolsbee, then Obama's chief economic adviser, commented on
Koch Industries' tax status during a briefing with reporters in Washington,
accusing the company of not paying taxes.

Under federal law, it's a crime to improperly access or disclose confidential
tax information, according to Holden, who suspects the administration was trying
to intimidate them because of their political views.

"It was false and malicious, too," Holden said. "We pay a lot of taxes."

May 2012: Stephanie Cutter, Obama's deputy campaign manager, said in a video
that the campaign is "going to call their BS," referencing the Kochs.

"Really?" Holden said. "If my kids said that to me, they'd be going to their
room. This is the deputy campaign manager? This is the discourse in this
country?"

May 2012: David Axelrod, Obama's senior political consultant, told the media in
a telephone conference that Mitt Romney is being aided by "the [political
strategist] Karl [Rove] and Koch brothers' contract killers in super PAC land,"
according to news accounts.

"And when you have Axelrod, one of [Obama's] top campaign officials, saying we
are contract killers - I mean, I don't know how somebody in the administration
can say that about a private citizen," said Charles Koch. "The attacks are
unbelievable."

"It's frightening because you don't know what they're going to do," he said.
"They have tremendous power. They can destroy just about anybody, whether you
are totally innocent or not."

July 2012: Sen. Frank Lautenberg, D-N.J., read a statement on the floor of the
U.S. Senate accusing the Koch brothers of being "two of the biggest sources of
secret money in politics."

With photos of the Koch brothers as a backdrop, captioned "The Koch Brothers:
Subverting the Democratic Process," Lautenberg spoke for three minutes, accusing
the brothers of picking their preferred politicians.

Lautenberg also read a list of Koch Industries' consumer products into the
record, detailing the various companies the Koch brothers own. Koch officials
called that action tantamount to inviting a boycott by consumers.

The attacks have forced the brothers to increase security around themselves and
their families, both said.

Obama's "criticism can stimulate a lot of anger and dislike toward us," David
Koch said, "so there's a huge security concern."

The threat the Kochs fear most from the government is the potential for
harassment by regulation.

"The government can shut our refineries down just by not letting us take an old
heater and replace it with a more efficient heater," Fink said. "You need a
permit for that. They have the power to shut us down."

The White House did not return calls seeking comment.

Fink said he warned the brothers that January day in 2009 about the perils of
taking on the president and upsetting the special interests that fund the
political system.

"I said that you guys will possibly risk the businesses that you have built and
your family legacy, and there's going to be a lot of fallback from this," he
said.

"They both of them said, 'Absolutely not. We are committed. We believe it is the
right thing to do. If we don't save the country we are not going to have a
company anyhow. So what's the big difference?'"

The Kochs believe the country is racing inevitably to economic disaster. They
blame Republicans and Democrats alike.

They say that overspending, coupled with future shortfalls in Social Security,
Medicaid and Medicare, along with interest on the national debt, will push the
country into bankruptcy, just as surely as a family that consistently spends
more than it makes will end up broke.

"We're running well over a trillion-dollar-a-year deficits with our national
debt climbing inexorably to greater and greater level," David Koch said. "The
Federal Reserve, of course, is buying the bonds the federal government issues to
finance the debt. And my God, if this continues to increase, we're going to have
ever-increasing inflation, it could become runaway inflation that would raise
interest rates on our national debt enormously, and our country could spiral
into bankruptcy."

The interest alone that the United States will owe to China in 2025 is projected
to be enough to fund that country's entire military, Fink said.

The Kochs say neither Obama nor Romney will address overspending or expanding
government.

"You go through history, the rate of increase in federal government has been
almost the same under Republicans as under Democrats," Charles Koch said. But he
said that under Romney the country's economic decline would proceed more slowly.

They also say that the country is threatened by cronyism, companies that would
lobby for regulations to cripple their competitors or for subsidies rather than
compete in the marketplace.

Although the Kochs have long complained about corporate subsidies, saying they
increase taxes and the price of goods, the company accepts subsidies for
production of ethanol. Not accepting them would put the company at a competitive
disadvantage, they say.

The Kochs believe that no government program can create real prosperity, and
that when government interferes with the markets, whether through subsidies,
taxation or excessive regulation, it diminishes prosperity.

A case in point, Charles Koch said, is low interest rates.

"I worry about the policy of the Fed, with zero interest rates. OK, that may
make some of the banks a lot of money, but what does it do to the person who
saved? Who's counting on income? How are they going to invest? They're going to
make now very risky investments to get any return. It's zero return on
depositing your money now. That wasn't what they banked on when they saved this
money and thought they'd have enough to live on when they retired."

Another is the housing crisis. The problems, he said, started with regulations.

"Fanny and Freddie were subsidizing the majority of houses, and they were
directing the banks where to put it, and underwriting losses. So once again,
this is, the banks profited from this, and the losses were socialized.
Taxpayers, the ordinary person, the poor people are bearing that - to enrich a
few bankers."

The Kochs think government is an obstacle to making money that should be
removed, said Jim Steele, who with Don Barlett just released "The Betrayal of
the American Dream." The book accuses the "ruling elite" - including the Kochs -
of impoverishing the American middle class by pushing initiatives such as
deregulation, outsourcing and balanced budgets to enrich themselves.

The Kochs have spent more than three decades building a vast, sophisticated
network of think tanks, university researchers and citizen groups to advocate
for limited government, lower taxes and limited regulation.

"We feel that the views of the foundations that they support have been really
instrumental in undermining the economic well-being of the middle class," Steele
said.

Free markets to the Kochs mean freedom to make money, Steele said.

"I think they view government as an intrusion in their liberty to make money,"
he said. "Any government regulation is seen as an intrusion that would interfere
with that process."

Steele said the Kochs are using money they gleaned from lower taxes on dividends
and on the wealthy to finance a disinformation campaign against Obama.

Steele said claims by Republicans that Obama is responsible for the current
budget deficit are preposterous.

"His predecessor ran up the deficit, and because of the issues with Bush II, the
economy slows down, tax collections are down and that contributes to the
deficit.

"So now they're going to run ads basically with free money, the money they've
saved not paying taxes on their dividends, to accuse him of the deficit
problems.

"It's truly preposterous."

Only a crisis can produce real change, economist Milton Friedman wrote in 1982.
"When that crisis occurs," he wrote, "the actions that are taken depend on the
ideas that are lying around."

The Kochs spent three decades making sure they had plenty of ideas lying around.

One of the biggest idea generators is the Mercatus Center, started by Fink with
seed money from Charles Koch. The group has studied the privatization of Social
Security and analyzed environmental regulations asking if they do more harm than
good. The answer is often yes.

In 2004, The Wall Street Journal called the Mercatus Center the most important
think tank you've never heard of. When President George W. Bush's Office of
Management and Budget late in 2001 sought suggestions for regulations in need of
reform, 14 of the 23 "high priority" changes it considered came from Mercatus.
Eight of those dealt with environmental regulations.

The center is housed at George Mason University in Fairfax, Va., where Fink once
taught economics. George Mason also is home to the Institute for Humane Studies,
chaired by Charles Koch, and the Charles G. Koch summer internship, a 10-week
program for college students who believe in limited government and low taxes and
who want a career in public policy.

The institute places students with 80 like-minded nonprofits. When nonprofits
need someone to testify before state legislatures, speak to groups or write
letters to the editor, they can tap the institute's talent pool.

Charles Koch says the bulk of his charitable spending goes to these type of
educational activities. The family gives money to about 200 universities each
semester to further research and teaching of free-market economics and support
students who believe in those ideas.

The family won't say how much it has spent to build its network. But the Charles
Koch Foundation alone has given about $60.5 million to think tanks and
universities since 2000, according to IRS filings. About $40 million of that has
gone to George Mason and its affiliated groups. The foundation is just one of
many sources of money for the network, Fink said.

It's been money effectively spent, according to Joe Aistrup, a political science
professor at Kansas State University. The Koch brothers' political genius, he
said, began in recognizing the absence of libertarian think tanks in the 1970s
promoting that individual well-being and prosperity are fostered by individual
freedom and limited government.

Prior to that, there was "nothing at all devoted to government not doing
anything, essentially," he said.

In 1983, Charles asked Fink to evaluate four groups he was funding, including
the Council for a Competitive Economy, made up of 2,000 business leaders who had
pledged to lobby Congress for an end to corporate subsidies. But when it came
time to testify against their own subsidies, most dropped out of the group. "It
was like a failing institution," Fink said.

Fink and his economic students spent six weeks studying ways to bring about
social change and came up with a blueprint to invest Charles' money to advance
free-market economics.

They gave money to hundreds of universities to generate ideas. They funded
dozens of think tanks to turn those ideas into public policy proposals. They
created grass-roots groups to push for the proposals. And they helped elect
politicians who would turn the proposals into law.

In 1984, Fink, the Kochs and another businessman created their first grass-roots
group, Citizens for a Sound Economy, with about $1.5 million in seed money from
David Koch. They statistically tested economic issues - international trade, a
balanced budget amendment, a supermajority vote on tax increases - on membership
lists of about 130 organizations and discovered that a flat tax had the greatest
appeal.

The group initially called for privatizing government and adopting a flat tax.
It opposed President Ronald Reagan's highway bill because it was loaded with
pork projects. It opposed Hillary Clinton's health-care reform. It also helped
defeat President Bill Clinton's BTU tax - a tax on energy - in 1993. In selected
states, including Kansas, it fought tax increases and sought tort reform.

Some have accused the Kochs of starting and funding the tea party.

Fink says they didn't start it; CNBC reporter Rick Santelli did when, on the
floor of the Chicago Stock Exchange, he called for a tea party to protest
government spending. But Fink believes they laid the groundwork for it to take
hold.

Charles and David Koch, each worth an estimated $31 billion, directly support
causes and candidates at the national or state level.

They won't say how much they are spending to influence the election.

The Koch Industries Political Action Committee has spent $2.3 million in the
2012 election cycle, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.

They've spent more than $60 million lobbying Washington in the past decade and
$12.7 million backing political candidates, usually Republicans, since 1990.

The total amount being spent isn't public, thanks to campaign finance laws that
allow nonprofit groups to keep the identity of their donors secret.

Americans for Prosperity plans to spend $110 million to defeat Obama, its
director, Tim Phillips, told the national media in early August.

MCT photo

Charles and Liz Koch, share a moment while at Koch headquarters last month in
Wichita, Kan. Liz says she is the only one who has cut his hair during their 44
years of marriage.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers

                              824 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 12, 2008 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Saving face;
How social sites may hurt your employee image

BYLINE: Jim Stafford, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 840 words


Let's pretend that you and your posse went out on the town last weekend for a
last blast before your vacation ends. It was "drown night" at your favorite
Bricktown bar, and you and your friends documented with digital photographs
every drink that went down.

You were so proud of your exploits that you spent Sunday posting all the photos
on your Facebook page, along with captions that event exaggerated your drinking
prowess.

Then it's back to work where you are up for a promotion to a job of much higher
responsibility.

So now what? Well, the HR office conducts some due diligence on their potential
new office golden boy and discover the Facebook pages along with the photographs
of the wild weekend.

'The memory bank'  You are quietly passed over for the promotion, which instead
went to a co-worker who has no Facebook identity, or at least doesn't have one
the HR office can find. It can happen, said a senior security adviser with
software giant Microsoft.

"The Internet is the memory bank, if you will, that never goes away," said
Microsoft's Cordell Crane. "Anything that you put out there will pretty much
stay out there. People can copy it and save it forever. They can come back to
haunt you or sing your praises, etc."

That's why Microsoft recommends that people maintain a "professional identity"
online that is separate from a social site where full identity is not disclosed.

"So when you get a job you say this is my blog or this is where I have accounts
on, MySpace, Facebook, Live Spaces from Microsoft, Linked-In," said Cordell
Crane, Microsoft's Strategic Security Adviser. "When they search on your
identity they are going to find your professional identity."

How to separate your two worlds  If your personal exploits are on a site that
doesn't include your full name, employers are less likely to stumble across the
information, Crane said.

"That is a good line of separation between the two worlds," he said.

Oklahoma City human resources professional Jim Farris of James Farris Associates
recommends job seekers maintain a professional appearance even down to the
e-mail address they choose. For instance, a name such as  wildchild@hotmail.com
is certain to raise red flags.

"You don't want something cutesy, you want something that is professional,"
Farris said.

As for bragging on a social network about personal exploits such as a wild
weekend in Bricktown, remember that it is sort of a permanent record, Farris
said.

"You have to recognize that that stuff is there for the duration," he said.
"That's a good way to get sidelined before you ever have a chance to get in the
game."

Jim Stafford:  475-3310,  jstafford@oklahoman.com

ONLINE TIPS

Microsoft Strategic Security Adviser Cordell Crane offered online "dos and
don'ts" for employees blogging or posting on social network sites:

Don't include a link on your resume to any site which includes inappropriate
content for a business audience.

Be very careful what you put online. If you have a MySpace or Facebook account,
people you won't want to be reading your profile may be able to access it, even
if you think nobody will read it. Don't post anything that you don't want a
prospective employer (or your mom!) to read.

Do consider creating a personal Web site, if you're unemployed, specifically
related to your job search, including your resume, samples, portfolio and
certifications. Include only professional and academic information.

Post in haste, repent in leisure. Remember that a hastily written blog post
critical of your job or detailing your wild night with a hot date can be read
today, regardless of when it was posted. You may not even remember posting it,
but, a potential employer will certainly keep it mind.

Do be careful what you write. Keep in mind that just about anything that is
online can be read by someone - or everyone. If you don't want the world to read
what you've posted, make sure they can't. Don't put it online or post it
anonymously. Tips for online Teens

Microsoft also offers a safety guidelines for families and home computer use at
www.safety.msn.com:

Lose the last name on your site, and don't use other people's full names or
anything that identifies you or them. Don't use your first name or a nickname
that would attract the wrong kind of attention.

Drop any information that locates you - school, where you work, the town where
you live.

Consider whether or not you really want your space completely public. You
probably don't.

Be smart about photos: Any picture of a person shows their ethnic background,
their general age, a way to positively identify them in a group, and usually
shows their socio-economic status. That's a great deal of information for a
predator.

Be savvy about what your friends write about you on their Spaces and blogs. You
may not be the one putting yourself at risk. Check out your friends' sites to
make sure they're not telling everyone that your family is going out of town
next week, providing information to people who are targeting houses to
burglarize.

Source: Microsoft Corp.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: A Facebook image shows an image that will possibly cause
trouble with employers for an employee or potential employee. - PROVIDED BY
MICROSOFT CORP.
Photo 2: A Facebook page that shows an "employer friendly" image by a
prospective employee. - PROVIDED BY MICROSOFT CORP.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              825 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             April 3, 2008 Thursday

Technology: Newly asked questions: What's an IFrame attack and why should I
care?

BYLINE: Jack Schofield

SECTION: GUARDIAN TECHNOLOGY PAGES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 494 words


Malware distributors are using Google search results to load malicious code onto
computers Photograph: Reuters

It's now a popular way of trying to load malware onto users' PCs without them
going to an evil or compromised website. In fact, they only have to click on a
link in a Google search for a popular site, where the exploit has been
preloaded. Sites affected include USA Today, WalMart and ZD Net Asia, but it's
spreading.

An IFrame (which isn't another Apple product - it stands for "inline frame") is
just a way of loading one web page inside another, usually from a different
server. That can be useful for building online applications. But malware writers
can make the included page just one pixel square - meaning you can't even see
it's there - and obfuscate the JavaScript that will run automatically from that
included page so that it looks something like %6C%20 %66%72%61%6D%65%62%6F -
leaving no obvious clue that it's malicious.

When this idea got going, the IFrame code would be inserted by hacking web
servers, or adding it to banner advertisements. Over the past six months,
however, there has been a huge growth in the use of "poisoned" search results.

Big websites often cache (store) the results of search queries run on their
sites - say, the links for a search for "malware IFrame" - and then forward
these to search engines such as Google, which can generate search results
directly. Malware authors exploit the system by putting in a search query like
"malware IFrame" plus all the malicious IFrame's text. If the site doesn't check
search terms adequately for obfuscated Javascript, the IFrame data is stored and
passed on. When someone then searches for "malware IFrame" and clicks a result,
the attack is initiated directly from the search result, because the browser can
read the obfuscated Javascript - even if you can't.

Malware distributors like this because they don't need to hack the server, and
can use popular searches to benefit from the site's SEO (search engine
optimisation) practices and get a high ranking at Google. The attack usually
includes half a dozen "drive-by" exploits, and also uses "social engineering" to
get users to install something else, such as a video codec that is actually a
Trojan. Windows users without the IE security update MS04-040 (from 2004!) are
particularly vulnerable. There seem to be lots of them. (See tinyurl.com/7xw34.)

How can the attacks be stopped? Sites that cache searches must improve their
input checking, and server operators can search for IFrame exploit code. Google
is trying to remove malware search results, and automatically detects some
exploits and warns that "This site may harm your computer".

Windows users should make sure they have installed all security updates, and
preferably upgrade to XP SP2 with IE7, or Vista. Running an active anti-malware
guard can also help. That should just leave the people dumb enough to think they
need to install a new codec to view porn.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              826 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            December 30, 2013 Monday

New NSA surveillance secrets revealed

SECTION: NEWS_; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 813 words


LONDON -- A German magazine lifted the lid on the operations of the National
Security Agency's hacking unit Sunday, reporting that American spies intercept
computer deliveries, exploit hardware vulnerabilities, and even hijack
Microsoft's internal reporting system to spy on their targets.

Der Spiegel's revelations relate to a division of the NSA known as Tailored
Access Operations, or TAO, which is painted as an elite team of hackers
specializing in stealing data from the toughest of targets.

Citing internal NSA documents, the magazine said Sunday that TAO's mission was
"Getting the ungettable," and quoted an unnamed intelligence official as saying
TAO had gathered "some of the most significant intelligence our country has ever
seen."

Der Spiegel said TAO had a catalog of high-tech gadgets for particularly
hard-to-crack cases, including computer monitor cables specially modified to
record what is being typed across the screen, USB sticks secretly fitted with
radio transmitters to broadcast stolen data over the airwaves, and fake base
stations intended to intercept mobile phone signals on the go.

The NSA doesn't just rely on James Bond-style spy gear, the magazine said. Some
of the attacks described by Der Spiegel exploit weaknesses in the architecture
of the Internet to deliver malicious software to specific computers. Others take
advantage of weaknesses in hardware or software distributed by some of the
world's leading information technology companies, including Cisco Systems, Inc.
and China's Huawei Technologies Ltd., the magazine reported.

Der Spiegel cited a 2008 mail order catalog-style list of vulnerabilities that
NSA spies could exploit from companies such as Irvine, California-based Western
Digital Corp. or Round Rock, Texas-based Dell Inc. The magazine said that
suggested the agency was "compromising the technology and products of American
companies."

Old-fashioned methods get a mention too. Der Spiegel said that if the NSA
tracked a target ordering a new computer or other electronic accessories, TAO
could tap its allies in the FBI and the CIA, intercept the hardware in transit,
and take it to a secret workshop where it could be discretely fitted with
espionage software before being sent on its way.

Intercepting computer equipment in such a way is among the NSA's "most
productive operations," and has helped harvest intelligence from around the
world, one document cited by Der Spiegel stated.

One of the most striking reported revelations concerned the NSA's alleged
ability to spy on Microsoft Corp.'s crash reports, familiar to many users of the
Windows operating system as the dialogue box which pops up when a game freezes
or a Word document dies. The reporting system is intended to help Microsoft
engineers improve their products and fix bugs, but Der Spiegel said the NSA was
also sifting through the reports to help spies break into machines running
Windows.

One NSA document cited by the magazine appeared to poke fun at Microsoft's
expense, replacing the software giant's standard error report message with the
words: "This information may be intercepted by a foreign sigint (signals
intelligence) system to gather detailed information and better exploit your
machine."

Microsoft said that information sent by customers about technical issues in such
a manner is limited.

"Microsoft does not provide any government with direct or unfettered access to
our customer's data," a company representative said in an email Sunday. "We
would have significant concerns if the allegations about government actions are
true."

Microsoft is one of several U.S. firms that have demanded more transparency from
the NSA -- and worked to bolster their security -- in the wake of the
revelations of former intelligence worker Edward Snowden, whose disclosures have
ignited an international debate over privacy and surveillance.

Der Spiegel did not explicitly say where its cache NSA documents had come from,
although the magazine has previously published a series of stories based on
documents leaked by Snowden, and one of Snowden's key contacts -- American
documentary filmmaker Laura Poitras -- was listed among the article's six
authors.

No one was immediately available at Der Spiegel to clarify whether Snowden was
the source for the latest story.

Another company mentioned by Der Spiegel, though not directly linked with any
NSA activity, was Juniper Networks Inc., a computer network equipment maker in
Sunnyvale, Calif.

"Juniper Networks recently became aware of, and is currently investigating,
alleged security compromises of technology products made by a number of
companies, including Juniper," the company said in an email. "We take
allegations of this nature very seriously and are working actively to address
any possible exploit paths."

If necessary, Juniper said, it would, "work closely with customers to ensure
they take any mitigation steps."

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                              827 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

Jim Carrey calls lawsuit by man who married his late ex-girlfriend 'heartless'

SECTION: CLASSIFIEDS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 483 words


LOS ANGELES * Jim Carrey says a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the estranged
husband of his ex-girlfriend is a heartless attempt to exploit him and vowed to
fight the case.

Mark Burton of Portland sued Carrey in Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday,
accusing the actor of providing the prescription drugs his wife Cathriona White
used to overdose in September 2015. The wrongful death lawsuit contends Carrey
improperly obtained prescriptions for Ambien and the powerful opioid oxycodone
under the alias Arthur King.

The suit accuses Carrey of giving White the medications days before she was
found dead in one of Carrey's homes. White and Carrey dated in 2012 and were
photographed together in May 2015.

"What a terrible shame," Carrey wrote in a statement. "It would be easy for me
to get in a back room with this man's lawyer and make this go away, but there
are some moments in life when you have to stand up and defend your honour
against the evil in this world.

"I will not tolerate this heartless attempt to exploit me or the woman I loved,"
Carrey wrote. "I really hope that some day soon people will stop trying to
profit from this and let her rest in peace." Carrey is known for such movies as
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Truman Show, and Ace Ventura: Pet
Detective.

Coroner's officials ruled the 30-year-old makeup artist's death a suicide.

Burton and White married in 2013. A coroner's official told reporters that the
pair were separated and planned to divorce, however Burton's attorney Michael
Avenatti declined to characterize their relationship beyond saying they were
legally married at the time of White's death.

Carrey's attorney Marty Singer wrote in a statement that White and Burton never
lived together.

The lawsuit accuses Carrey of violating a section of California's Health and
Safety Code against the use of aliases to obtain prescription medications.

"White's death was tragic and easily avoidable," the lawsuit states.

Carrey's prescriptions were legally obtained and his doctor and insurers were
aware of his alias use, Singer wrote. He said many actors use aliases for
prescriptions to protect their privacy.

The issue of prescriptions issued to a celebrity under aliases because an issue
when Los Angeles prosecutors attempted unsuccessfully to obtain felony
convictions against two of Anna Nicole Smith's doctors and her lawyer-boyfriend
over prescription drugs she obtained before her accidental overdose in 2007.

Defence lawyers contended the aliases were used to protect Smith's privacy, and
last year a judge who dismissed the final felony counts against Smith's
confidante Howard K. Stern said it was a common practice.

"Everyone did it," Judge Robert J. Perry said in July 2015. "Everyone did it to
protect her privacy from the prying eyes of the ever-present press
representatives in Ms. Smith's life." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Telegraph-Journal (New
Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                              828 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 1, 2014 Monday

Washington: Reno man receives 8-year prison term for crossing state lines to
have sex with a minor

LENGTH: 556  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A Reno, Nevada, man was sentenced Monday to eight years and one month in prison
for traveling to Fresno to engage in illicit sexual conduct with a 14-year-old
girl he originally met on line.

Ismael Martinez, 26, appeared before U.S. District Judge Lawrence J. O'Neill.
According to court documents, in August 2013 the parents of the female victim
advised the Fresno County Sheriff's Office they had discovered text messages on
a cellphone suggesting their daughter was engaging in sexual relations with
someone from out-of-state. The ensuing investigation revealed Martinez had
traveled from Reno to Fresno on multiple occasions to engage in sexual relations
with the girl. On Dec. 19, 2013, Martinez was indicted and he pleaded guilty to
the charge earlier this year.

This case was the product of an investigation by the U.S. Immigration and
Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), the Fresno
County Sheriff's Office and the Central Valley Internet Crimes Against Children
Task Force. Assistant U.S. Attorney Brian W. Enos prosecuted the case.
"As this case underscores, parents need to talk to their kids about how to stay
safe in cyberspace - cautioning them to always think before they click," said
Michael J. Toms, the acting assistant special agent in charge who oversees HSI
Fresno. "Young people, who would never approach a stranger in person, think
nothing of interacting with someone they don't know online. The predators who
are lurking on the Internet exploit that trust. Homeland Security Investigations
will continue to aggressively target online child predators, but parents,
because of their proximity, are the first line of defense."

This case was a product of Project Safe Childhood, a Department of Justice
initiative launched in 2006 to combat the growing epidemic of child sexual
exploitation and abuse, and HSI's Operation Predator, an international
initiative to protect children from sexual predators.

Led by the U.S. Attorneys' Offices and the Criminal Division's Child
Exploitation and Obscenity Section, Project Safe Childhood marshals, state, and
local resources to locate, apprehend, and prosecute those who sexually exploit
children, and to identify and rescue victims. For more information about Project
Safe Childhood, please visit www.justice.gov/psc.

Since the launch of Operation Predator in 2003, HSI has arrested more than
12,000 individuals for crimes against children, including the production and
distribution of online child pornography, traveling overseas for sex with
minors, and sex trafficking of children. In fiscal year 2014, more than 2,000
individuals were arrested by HSI special agents under this initiative.

HSI encourages the public to report suspected child predators and any suspicious
activity through its toll-free Tip Line at 1-866-DHS-2-ICE or by completing its
online tip form. Both are staffed around the clock by investigators. Suspected
child sexual exploitation or missing children may be reported to the National
Center for Missing & Exploited Children, an Operation Predator partner, via its
toll-free 24-hour hotline, 1-800-THE-LOST.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              829 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Yukon News (Yukon)

                            January 20, 2012 Friday
                                 Final Edition

In oil boom, petroleum engineers are a hot commodity

BYLINE: Kristen Hays, Reuters

SECTION: BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1401  words

DATELINE: HOUSTON


While millions of college grads look forlornly into the worst U.S. job market in
decades, Emily Woner pretty much guaranteed herself one of America's best-paid
post-graduate jobs before she ever set foot on campus.

Spurred by an early interest in following her father's footsteps into the oil
sector, Woner secured a post-high school internship with Oklahoma City-based
Devon Energy Corp.

After summers spent riding seismic trucks in the Barnett shale, designing water
pipelines in east Texas and helping model oil reservoirs in Wyoming, she's now a
22-year-old senior at the University of Tulsa waiting to take a job in one the
country's most sought-after professions: petroleum engineering.

"I'm really lucky. In my class, a lot of us are already committed to companies,"
Woner said.

Luck has little to do with it. Energy companies are racing to exploit America's
vast shale gas and oil fields, the increasing discoveries of which has upended
markets and sparked the biggest drilling boom in generations.

While Wall Street slashes the kind of banking and trading positions that were
once the most coveted for top graduates, energy firms can't hire fast enough for
the technical jobs that have been all but overlooked for a generation.

The shale boom has run into many obstacles: environmental concerns from
earthquakes to water safety, a lack of needed materials, and logistical
bottlenecks.

But the shortage of specialty engineers may prove one of the most vexing.
Poaching is rife and supplies are short, putting a premium on industry veterans
who know how to get the most value out of wells that can cost tens of millions
of dollars to drill.

Oil companies have seen the squeeze coming for years, and - to a degree - the
job market has responded. Bachelor's degrees in petroleum engineering trebled to
over 750 since 2001.

But industry officials and analysts say it is likely still not enough for
companies to maintain their ambitious growth in North American shale oil plays,
Canada's oilsands, deepwater offshore Brazil, post-war Iraq and other frontiers.

At least 40 per cent of the globe's petroleum engineers are expected to retire
in the coming decade, according to top industry recruiters. A generation lost to
the 1980s oil bust leaves a thin cadre of mid-career professionals to take up
the slack until incoming 20-somethings get up to speed.

"We know it will be a challenge to get our share of the talent to meet our
growth needs," said Frank Rudolph, executive vice-president of human resources
at Devon.

Half of the world's energy companies say they will delay projects if they can't
get the right people, according to a 2011 Schlumberger Business Consulting
survey of 37 global firms.

And competition is more fierce than ever, said Dane Groeneveld, regional
director of NES Global Talent, a worldwide oil and gas industry recruiter.

"It's at the front end where you're creating the value and really finding those
assets, which really underpin the share price," he said. "It's just at the
foundation of the future of the business where you tend to find that people are
fighting more tooth and nail for people in that space."

Key to future supply

Petroleum engineers seek out oil and gas reservoirs, whether tens of thousands
of feet beneath the sea or locked tight in thick shale far underground. They
also design methods, equipment and processes to coax as much oil and gas as
possible from those unforgiving recesses.

They work with geologists, geophysicists and other specialists to study layers
and porosity of rock with seismic data maps and rock samples. Then they decide
how to best extract oil and gas, whether by injecting water or steam or blasting
cracks in the sides of wells using chemicals and sand to create fissures for oil
and gas to flow - a process that has become politically charged amid fears of
contaminating groundwater.

Their roles have grown ever more crucial as the industry expand into unforgiving
frontiers - ultra-deep water far offshore, or the Arctic - and as they develop
ever more high-tech methods, from multi-dimensional real-time reservoir data and
electromagnetic surveys to horizontal drilling.

"The technical complexity of future oil supply requires both technology and
qualified petrotechnical professionals in greater number than the easier oil of
previous generations would have required," said Al Escher, area director of
North and South America for Schlumberger Business Consulting and a petroleum
engineer.

During the oil bust, companies kept producing to pay the bills, but slashed
exploration and petroleum engineers. College students also fled oil-centric
programs. That changed in the 2000s as US crude prices broke into triple digits,
reaching an all-time high of nearly $150 a barrel in 2008.

Demand has intensified once again as oil firms rush to tap into the vast oil and
gas reserves trapped in US shale rocks, a process that requires far more wells
than the big-ticket offshore fields that were the mainstay in recent decades.

US shale oil plays - most of which produced almost no oil just a few years ago -
now pump nearly 1 million barrels per day, with potential to jump to 3 million
barrels per day by 2035 as more reservoirs in more plays are found, according to
the National Petroleum Council. Canadian production is also booming, while
Brazil's offshore output also is poised to surge.

Answering the call

Petroleum engineering programs have upped enrollment to meet that demand.
Bachelor's degrees awarded shot up 181 per cent to 753 since 2001, according to
the American Society for Engineering Education's 2011 report.

And they're getting lucrative jobs. Total employment surged 221 per cent to
28,210 since 1997. Mean salaries jumped 87 per cent to $127,970 over the same
time span - 26 per cent higher than nuclear engineers, the second best-paid
engineering discipline, according to the US Bureau of Labour Statistics.

With demand so high and opportunities so widespread, companies send interns like
Woner to offshore platforms, onshore drilling sites and other
get-your-hands-dirty tasks in hopes of signing up the best ones early and often.

"I can show you a picture and tell you about it, but until you're standing on
the drilling rig on the top of the mud pits and actually smell that smell, it's
something you can't wrap your head around," said Daniel Rohling, 28, a senior
reservoir engineer for El Paso Corp, where he interned before graduating in
2006. "It's the same with the whole industry."

Yet petroleum engineering programs are feeling the pinch as well, even capping
enrollment because they can't entice enough professors to trade high
private-sector salaries for classrooms.

"Our faculty are maxed out and we have six faculty openings, but it's really
difficult to find faculty because the job market is so hot," says Stephen
Holditch, head of the petroleum engineering program at Texas A&M University.

"Companies are competing for employees and giving bonuses, but our faculty has
not had a raise in two years."

He expects the number of graduates to max out at 1,000 to 1,200 per year beyond
2011.

SHHH, WE'RE POACHING TOO

While engineering graduates are hot commodities, experienced professionals in
their late 30s and 40s are the most coveted.

"Although now we're seeing a sharp market increase in college graduates in the
field being hired too, the mid-career professionals represent revenue. They can
hit the ground running and they're not about to retire," said Bonnie Browning, a
recruiter for Q4B, a managed recruiting firm whose clients include
ConocoPhillips, Occidental Petroleum Corp and Schlumberger.

Salaries can reach as high as $700,000 to $800,000 for senior engineers in
managerial roles overseeing exploration, hikes of 20 to 30 per cent, says
Groeneveld.

He also said producers are offering bonuses and perks - such as help with
selling a house - both to workers they hope to place in remote locale and those
sought for US hotspots.

Meanwhile, 20-somethings like Woner and Rohling are taking on more
responsibility faster than the outgoing generation, running exploration projects
in prolific shale oil plays like the Eagle Ford in Texas or the Bakken in North
Dakota.

"The younger crowd is starting to lead the teams and the crews," Rohling said.
"More and more, we're calling the shots in a lot of different areas, like the
shales.

"We're going to pick up the torch of this industry long before we should have
had to," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Richard J. Carson, Reuters; Daniel Rohling, a  28-year-old reservoir
engineer, poses in the lobby of the El Paso  building in downtown Houston,
Texas. Energy companies are racing to  exploit America's vast shale gas and oil
fields.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2012 Yukon News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              830 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            July 16, 2005, Saturday

GOLF: THE OPEN 2005: NORMAN LEADS PRAISE FOR HEROIC WIE

BYLINE: BY JAMES CORRIGAN AT ST ANDREWS

SECTION: First Edition; SPORT; Pg. 69

LENGTH: 392 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Wie: Incredible exploits


Michelle Wie's dream of becoming the first female to qualify for a male major
was cruelly shot down last night just as it seemed possible that she could
actually achieve the impossible. But still there was widespread praise here for
the 15-year-old's incredible exploits in Ohio, with Greg Norman even going so
far as claiming: 'It's only a matter of time until she does it'.

Clay Ogden might not agree. The 20-year-old did not deserve to take on the
persona of golf's biggest bully but by hammering Wie 5 and 4 in the
quarter-finals of the US Public Amateur Links Championship at Shaker Run in
Lebanon (the equivalent of a 5-0 drubbing at football) the college boy from Utah
did so anyway.

Thus the tantalising prospect of Wie storming the gates of Augusta National by
earning the right to play at next year's Masters disappeared in 14 short holes.
But here at St Andrews, players like Phil Mickelson and Norman were queuing up
to praise her efforts in qualifying for the final- 64 matchplay stages in the
first place and then, heroically, seeing off three older, male rivals to go
through to the last eight.

'I think it's very difficult to put into perspective what Michelle Wie is
doing,' said Mickelson. 'I would be amazed if this was a 15-year-old boy playing
in men's tournamants and coming within a few strokes of making the cut in a PGA
Tour event.'

Mickleson was alluding to Wie's performance in last week's John Deere Classic
and was impressed enough to declare that Wie is a better player than he was as a
17-year-old. 'When I was 17 I couldn't come close to making a cut,' he said. 'I
just can't believe any 15-year-old, especially a girl, could be doing what she's
doing. I can't fathom it.'

He was not the only one. Norman was equally open-mouthed. 'You know, golf has
seen some phenomenal changes in the last 30 years, but Michelle?' he said. 'I so
wanted her to do it, it would have been great. But it's only a matter of time.'

Wie will now return to matching her unique talent against the female
professionals, another group of unfortunates she so nearly humbled when leading
the US Women's Open with a round to go. Europe is given its chance to size up
the 6ft Hawaiian in the next fortnight as she competes in the Evian Masters next
week in Les Bains, and then the British Women's Open at Sunningdale.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 Independent Print Ltd

                              831 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                              May 6, 2010 Thursday

Grim reminder to look for alternative energy sources

BYLINE: G Panicker

SECTION: VIEWS AND OPINIONS; The Bottomline

LENGTH: 768  words


NOBODY knows when British Petroleum's (BP) oil well will stop leaking after the
underwater explosion that killed 11 began releasing about 5,000 barrels of oil
per day. Conventional approaches have failed in the deep waters of the Gulf of
Mexico.

Innovative attempts to disperse oil deep under water are being made. BP's
workers are also building a containment dome, a giant structure that the company
plans to lower into place over one of the three leaks to catch the escaping oil
and allow it to be pumped to the surface. Relief wells beside the leaking pipes
to reduce pressure are being drilled. That will take time. In the meantime, bad
weather is hampering relief work.

As everyone gropes for the answers, an environmental disaster worse than the
infamous Exxon Valdez saga is brewing. A giant slick is floating to America's
shores from its origin 65km off Louisiana. Bad weather and stormy seas frustrate
the bid to check the slick.

The spill renews the poser: Are we on the right track in securing our energy
needs from the deep? If not, drilling companies are not the only ones to be
blamed. Oil companies, desperate for reserves, have been shut out from
traditional oil sources by state energy companies, where the environmental risk
can be managed better.

But because of oil politics, the reserve-rich nations have forced companies to
go far out into the sea and plumb depths as deep as 12,000 metres in their
search for oil. An environmental challenge on land has been shifted to the
oceans with even greater consequences and greater uncertainty as the attempted
remedial measures show.

But oil demand is not going away anytime soon. So is the risk from potential
disasters as our energy needs keep growing. We can try to minimise a collective
crisis if producers and consumers cooperate to exploit reserves with manageable
risk first. But it is unlikely the resources hoarders share such lofty goals.

The risk of disasters is real as new frontiers open up, among other places in
Brazil and West Africa. Russia and Norway have settled on offshore border in
Barents Sea, which may hold as much as 10 billion barrels of oil. China is
contesting Japan's attempt to exploit the sea dividing them. US President Barack
Obama has allowed drilling in certain parts of the Atlantic and Alaska, but has
imposed a moratorium after the latest rig disaster. It was an oil slick off
Santa Barbara in 1969 that led to a moratorium in offshore oil exploration
initially.

But companies will learn from the current disaster and push boundaries. We need
oil and companies will point at the history of offshore drilling without major
incidents. Ironically, it is southern states of the United States that supported
offshore exploration that are now most worried.

Washington has pressed its vast resources into the fight. The US can afford to
throw a billion dollars at it. So what happens when things go wrong offshore of
a poor nation?

For those of us who were horrified by a wayward Indonesian mine that drilled
until it hit a geological formation that spewed mud and buried villages, it is
still a scary but a distant story.

But we are inextricably bound to such risks by our huge need for fossil fuels.
As companies venture out farther, the probability of human error and mechanical
failure is taken for granted until a rude shock is delivered.

Our voracious need should not be an excuse to look at other energy options. The
way out is alternative energy. Energy as well as other companies must invest in
them more actively. Consumers and shareholders should encourage companies to
become bolder in their search for alternatives.

Consumers should show tolerance for a higher price and support improved energy
efficiency. Energy has costs - in terms of price at the pump and in terms of
environmental damage. The true cost of oil is not what one pays at the pump.

We are on the cusp of new technologies. Nuclear, which can offer alternative
energy at a competitive price, is of course not without risk.

We still can use more sun and wind power and drive cars powered by electricity
or renewable fuels such as diesel from algae. We have technologies to use wave
power and to tap the power of the flowing water. We may soon have an opportunity
to produce our energy from fuel cells. But the faster adoption of such
technologies will depend on proactive corporate and consumer attitude and
governmental push.

Only by doing so, we can limit disasters to our drinking water supplies and
shoreline from Gulf-like colossal tragedies. At the very least, the world must
start moving truly beyond petroleum.

The writer is with BT's foreign desk

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              832 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Sunday Express

                            September 9, 2007 Sunday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Terrorists toxic cloud kills 9/11 hero rescue dog

BYLINE: By Stuart Winter

SECTION: NEWS; 43

LENGTH: 618  words


THE terrorist attacks on New York may have claimed their final victim - Jake the
heroic rescue dog.

As the sixth anniversary of the outrage that changed the world approaches,
Jake's death at the age of 12 is a chilling reminder of the suffering it left.

Scientists are carrying out tests to see if the black labrador was killed as a
result of the toxic cloud thrown up when the World Trade Center collapsed in
rubble.

Jake spent the aftermath of 9/11 scouring the wreckage for survivors. He had
been brought to the massive crater at Ground Zero because of the fame he had
earned as a rescue dog in the Rocky Mountains.

Jake's bravery, tenacity and acute sense of smell were so admired by the New
York Fire Department that he was treated to a steak dinner at a swanky Manhattan
restaurant when the rescue operation was over.

But the hours Jake spent burrowing through the tangled wreckage and blinding
dust may have been his death sentence.

The toxic cloud of pulverised concrete, glass shards, shattered computer screens
and other chemicals produced what has been described as America's Chernobyl.

A condition nicknamed World Trade Center cough has been blamed on the fallout
from the destruction of the Twin Towers as the plume of smoke contaminated
offices and residential areas in the days after the attack.

Beside the 2,749 victims killed outright, many of the emergency crews, rescue
volunteers and construction workers who flocked to the scene - some without face
masks - suffered damaged lungs, burned throats and seared mouths from the
poisonous clouds.

The death of at least one New York detective, James Zadroga, has been blamed on
the pollution from the "dirty bomb" unintentionally created by the terrorists.

Many of the 20,000 workers involved in the clean-up have reported respiratory
problems and are seeking millions of dollars in compensation.

Environmental campaigners have been so critical of the authorities for their
failed attempts to clean up that the scandal threatens the presidential
aspirations of the former city mayor Rudy Giuliani.

Veterinary scientists at the University of Pennsylvania are carrying out tests
on Jake's remains to see if he, too, was a victim.

Jake's exploits were the stuff of legend and he was one of just 200 dogs in the
US certified to tackle disasters.

Besides his exploits at the World Trade Center, he was also one of the frontline
rescue animals sent to New Orleans in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. He was
taken ill a few weeks ago, developing a temperature of 105 degrees and suffering
so much pain that his owner Mary Flood decided to put him out of his misery.
After a last, poignant walk through the fields near his home in Oakley, Utah,
Jake was put to sleep.

Mary had taken Jake in as a 10-month-old puppy after he was abandoned in the
street with a broken leg and dislocated hip. Once he had been nursed back to
health, he was trained as a rescue dog to help in searches around the high peaks
near his home in the Rockies.

He was on 24-hour standby to be flown into any disaster zone with his owner and
when he was off duty he was used as a therapy animal, visiting patients at a
children's burns unit, hospitals and old peoples' homes.

In the aftermath of the disaster, veterinarians were surprised that the canine
rescue workers seemed far better equipped to handle the hazardous conditions
than humans.

Professor Cynthia Otto, a veterinarian at the University of Pennsylvania,
launched a study into the health of dogs used at the scene and early results
showed they were not getting sick despite the terrible conditions.

If Jake's death is linked to the toxic rubble, it could see litigation from
other owners of the rescue animals called to the frontline.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FAITHFUL TO DEATH: Jake at the Twin Towers disaster site with his
owner, Mary Flood

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved

                              833 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday

Washington: The Government is in Pursuit of a Less Secure Internet

LENGTH: 1121  words

DATELINE: Washington


American Civil Liberties Union, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

A government proposal to change the rules for obtaining search warrants risks
making all of us more vulnerable to cyber-attacks.

The FBI wants to be able to infect computers with malware when it doesn't know
where exactly they're located. The implications for computer security, and for
constitutional limits on the government's search powers, are drastic.

The Department of Justice is asking a judicial committee to amend Rule 41 of the
Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, which generally permits magistrate judges
to issue search warrants to the government only for searches within their
judicial district. The government wants to lift the geographical limitation to
allow it to conduct electronic surveillance of devices whose locations are
unknown.

The Advisory Committee on Criminal Rules, which includes mainly judges, is
holding a hearing tomorrow to consider the government's proposal. The ACLU will
explain at the hearing why the proposed rule could be a game changer in
degrading online security and how it could green light systemic constitutional
violations.

We know that the FBI - and possibly other law enforcement agencies - have been
infecting the devices of criminal investigative targets since at least 2001. But
if the proposed amendment is adopted, it will throw the doors wide open to an
industry peddling tools to undermine computer security, and make the U.S.
government an even bigger player in the surveillance software industry. That's
cause for concern when you consider the government's own track record on data
security. As we noted in a comment we submitted last week to the committee ahead
of tomorrow's hearing, "Agencies struggle with the most basic security
practices, such as using good passwords, updating anti-virus software, and
encrypting internet traffic on their websites." Federal agencies reported a
staggering 25,000 data breaches in 2013, and foreign governments and hackers
have repeatedly penetrated federal systems - the White House's network being the
latest.

Flaws in surveillance software used by the U.S. government could expose targets'
devices not just to American law enforcement agents, but to foreign governments
and malicious parties eager to exploit vulnerabilities to collect sensitive
information. And the government's record when it comes to assessing the
reliability of technology it has purchased doesn't exactly inspire confidence
(think Healthcare.gov).

Possibly even more disconcerting, however, is the market for vulnerabilities the
amendment would encourage. In order to successfully infect the computers of
targets, law enforcement agencies are increasingly seeking to purchase or
so-called "zero-day" software exploits. Zero-day exploits take advantage of
software vulnerabilities that are unknown to the software's manufacturer.
Governments pay big bucks - reportedly into the hundreds of thousands of dollars
- to acquire them, resulting in a largely unregulated market for these tools.
Since the use of a given zero-day exploit depends on the continued existence of
the vulnerability it's exploiting, governments withhold their existence from the
manufacturer.

That is, quite simply, frightening. Government officials often say that
cyber-attacks are one of the biggest threats faced by this country. Given that
assessment, shouldn't government be fixing, not exploiting, insecurities in
widely used technologies? Indeed, a panel appointed by the president to review
the NSA's surveillance programs wrote that "it is in the national interest to
eliminate software vulnerabilities rather than to use them for US intelligence
collection." But by codifying law enforcement's ability to use malware to
remotely access targets' computers, the proposed amendment to Rule 41 would be a
major boost to the zero-day market, further commodifying vulnerabilities and
incentivizing the government to stay mum when it discovers them.

The constitutional concerns raised by the amendment are no less serious, and go
beyond the kinds of procedural questions generally addressed by the committee.
There are strong arguments that zero-day exploits are too intrusive,
destructive, or dangerous to be reasonable under the Fourth Amendment,
considering they endanger far more computers than those they target. For
example, Stuxnet, the exploit launched by the United States and Israel
apparently to target facilities in Iran, spread far beyond the targeted computer
systems, infecting the networks of major U.S. companies. Similar questions arise
for far less dramatic methods for infecting targets' computers.

For example, we learned last week that in 2007 the FBI delivered spyware to a
suspect by faking an Associated Press story and sending a link to the suspect's
MySpace account. When the suspect clicked on the link, surveillance malware
installed itself on his computer and initiated a search. What we don't know is
whether the suspect unwittingly forwarded the link to other people or shared it
via social media. If he did, the computers of numerous innocent people could
easily have been secretly infected with malware and searched. In other
investigations, the computers of law-abiding citizens could get easily swept up
in an attack simply because they visited the same site as a target. That kind of
dragnet search is unacceptable by the Constitution's standards.

The committee demonstrated its thoughtful approach to these questions earlier
this year, when the DOJ submitted an even broader proposal that would have
allowed remote hacking of computers, as well as remote access to cloud-based
services (like Gmail or Dropbox) during a search of a physical computer. The
committee recognized the concerns raised by privacy advocates, and scaled back
that proposal to ensure the government serve warrants on cloud service providers
in order to access that information. When we testify tomorrow, we will urge the
committee to reject the remaining parts of the government's proposal.

The proposed amendment would expand the government's power to conduct searches
of a particularly invasive nature. If such searches are to be allowed at all,
they should be carefully regulated by Congress, which is better suited to weigh
the constitutional and policy concerns that the proposal raises. We hope the
committee recognizes that, and rejects the proposed amendment to Rule 41.

The amendment, if passed, would have enormous implications for the security of
each and every one of us. That's a decision our elected representatives - and
each of us - should be weighing in on.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              834 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday

Washington: The Government is in Pursuit of a Less Secure Internet

LENGTH: 1121  words

DATELINE: Washington


American Civil Liberties Union, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

A government proposal to change the rules for obtaining search warrants risks
making all of us more vulnerable to cyber-attacks.

The FBI wants to be able to infect computers with malware when it doesn't know
where exactly they're located. The implications for computer security, and for
constitutional limits on the government's search powers, are drastic.

The Department of Justice is asking a judicial committee to amend Rule 41 of the
Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, which generally permits magistrate judges
to issue search warrants to the government only for searches within their
judicial district. The government wants to lift the geographical limitation to
allow it to conduct electronic surveillance of devices whose locations are
unknown.

The Advisory Committee on Criminal Rules, which includes mainly judges, is
holding a hearing tomorrow to consider the government's proposal. The ACLU will
explain at the hearing why the proposed rule could be a game changer in
degrading online security and how it could green light systemic constitutional
violations.

We know that the FBI - and possibly other law enforcement agencies - have been
infecting the devices of criminal investigative targets since at least 2001. But
if the proposed amendment is adopted, it will throw the doors wide open to an
industry peddling tools to undermine computer security, and make the U.S.
government an even bigger player in the surveillance software industry. That's
cause for concern when you consider the government's own track record on data
security. As we noted in a comment we submitted last week to the committee ahead
of tomorrow's hearing, "Agencies struggle with the most basic security
practices, such as using good passwords, updating anti-virus software, and
encrypting internet traffic on their websites." Federal agencies reported a
staggering 25,000 data breaches in 2013, and foreign governments and hackers
have repeatedly penetrated federal systems - the White House's network being the
latest.

Flaws in surveillance software used by the U.S. government could expose targets'
devices not just to American law enforcement agents, but to foreign governments
and malicious parties eager to exploit vulnerabilities to collect sensitive
information. And the government's record when it comes to assessing the
reliability of technology it has purchased doesn't exactly inspire confidence
(think Healthcare.gov).

Possibly even more disconcerting, however, is the market for vulnerabilities the
amendment would encourage. In order to successfully infect the computers of
targets, law enforcement agencies are increasingly seeking to purchase or
so-called "zero-day" software exploits. Zero-day exploits take advantage of
software vulnerabilities that are unknown to the software's manufacturer.
Governments pay big bucks - reportedly into the hundreds of thousands of dollars
- to acquire them, resulting in a largely unregulated market for these tools.
Since the use of a given zero-day exploit depends on the continued existence of
the vulnerability it's exploiting, governments withhold their existence from the
manufacturer.

That is, quite simply, frightening. Government officials often say that
cyber-attacks are one of the biggest threats faced by this country. Given that
assessment, shouldn't government be fixing, not exploiting, insecurities in
widely used technologies? Indeed, a panel appointed by the president to review
the NSA's surveillance programs wrote that "it is in the national interest to
eliminate software vulnerabilities rather than to use them for US intelligence
collection." But by codifying law enforcement's ability to use malware to
remotely access targets' computers, the proposed amendment to Rule 41 would be a
major boost to the zero-day market, further commodifying vulnerabilities and
incentivizing the government to stay mum when it discovers them.

The constitutional concerns raised by the amendment are no less serious, and go
beyond the kinds of procedural questions generally addressed by the committee.
There are strong arguments that zero-day exploits are too intrusive,
destructive, or dangerous to be reasonable under the Fourth Amendment,
considering they endanger far more computers than those they target. For
example, Stuxnet, the exploit launched by the United States and Israel
apparently to target facilities in Iran, spread far beyond the targeted computer
systems, infecting the networks of major U.S. companies. Similar questions arise
for far less dramatic methods for infecting targets' computers.

For example, we learned last week that in 2007 the FBI delivered spyware to a
suspect by faking an Associated Press story and sending a link to the suspect's
MySpace account. When the suspect clicked on the link, surveillance malware
installed itself on his computer and initiated a search. What we don't know is
whether the suspect unwittingly forwarded the link to other people or shared it
via social media. If he did, the computers of numerous innocent people could
easily have been secretly infected with malware and searched. In other
investigations, the computers of law-abiding citizens could get easily swept up
in an attack simply because they visited the same site as a target. That kind of
dragnet search is unacceptable by the Constitution's standards.

The committee demonstrated its thoughtful approach to these questions earlier
this year, when the DOJ submitted an even broader proposal that would have
allowed remote hacking of computers, as well as remote access to cloud-based
services (like Gmail or Dropbox) during a search of a physical computer. The
committee recognized the concerns raised by privacy advocates, and scaled back
that proposal to ensure the government serve warrants on cloud service providers
in order to access that information. When we testify tomorrow, we will urge the
committee to reject the remaining parts of the government's proposal.

The proposed amendment would expand the government's power to conduct searches
of a particularly invasive nature. If such searches are to be allowed at all,
they should be carefully regulated by Congress, which is better suited to weigh
the constitutional and policy concerns that the proposal raises. We hope the
committee recognizes that, and rejects the proposed amendment to Rule 41.

The amendment, if passed, would have enormous implications for the security of
each and every one of us. That's a decision our elected representatives - and
each of us - should be weighing in on.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              835 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               The Guardian (Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island)

                           November 11, 2004 Thursday

Devil's Brigade a virtual unknown before 1968 movie told their story

BYLINE: Thorne, Stephen, CP

SECTION: SPECIAL; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 709  words


They wore American uniforms, used American equipment and ate American rations.
They even wore an American badge.

If the contributions of Canada's regimental soldiers in Italy were obscured
after the Second World War, exploits of the country's 1st Special Service
Battalion were virtually unknown until a 1968 film made them into heroes.

The Devil's Brigade, starring William Holden and Cliff Robertson, relates the
tale of the Canada-U.S. 1st Special Service Force, its early struggles with
patriotic rivalries and its rise to become a legendary fighting unit.

"It wasn't bad," said Charles Mann, 82, of Port Hope, Ont., a former supply and
reconnaissance platoon sergeant in the combined unit known as the 1st Special
Service Force.

He was touring Italy with Canadian veterans of the Italian campaign.

"The movie is reasonable; it's an entertaining piece of celluloid."

But as Mann and former Devil's Brigade sergeant Vern Doucette visit places like
Rimini, Ortona and Catania with those who fought there, their memories go back
to La Difensa and Anzio and hills with numbers like 750 and 1170.

The movie focused on La Difensa, the German-held mountain top near Mignano,
Italy, that was a key stronghold along Highway 6 to Cassino and, ultimately,
Rome.

British commandos and U.S. Rangers had failed in frontal assaults on the German
position, where heavy guns were pointed out over the Liri Valley.

Using ropes and carrying all their equipment, the Helena, Mont.- trained unit
scaled the cliffs of La Difensa behind the German positions, undetected.

They took the mountain in hours instead of the expected 30 days.

"Who would expect a whole regiment to climb up a cliff?" said Mann. "But we did.
We met more resistance than we expected.

"But we got the mountain. That's all that matters."

Mann and his comrades could see the abbey at Montecassino before the unit was
pulled out and redeployed elsewhere. Visiting Cassino recently, he saw from a
distance the spot he left 60 years ago, but no tours took him there.

The special service unit took mountains at La Rementanea, Sammurco, Radicosa,
Mayo and Vischiatara.

Ignored for years by their own countrymen, their exploits were well known to the
Germans, who dubbed them Die Schwartze Teufeln (The Black Devils).

The nickname came from the journals of a captured German officer, who, in
reference to their charcoal-blackened faces, wrote: "Those black devils are all
around us."

Usually outnumbered and given seemingly impossible tasks, their losses were
heavy. They were handed 25 per cent of the beach head on the U.S.-led invasion
at Anzio with only about 700 left of their 1,800-man force.

As they waited to launch the assault, the wounded came trickling back - many
before doctors said they were ready - and their numbers grew.

They were fighting there for 99 days, taking appalling losses but holding the
beachhead.

Doucette, 83, a native of Yarmouth, N.S., said his commanding officer once told
him the Devil's Brigade took 310 per cent casualties in Italy.

Many were wounded more than once. Doucette, known as "Deuce" to his buddies, was
wounded four times - twice by shrapnel and twice by bullets.

Because they were, as Mann said, "hidden under the American flag," the Canadian
wounded were often shuffled around.

They were sent to U.S. field hospitals but when the Americans found out they
were Canadians, they transferred them to British hospitals.

Getting back to an American unit from inside the British medical system was
often a nightmare. Mann said he knew a Canadian soldier named Alan (Lippy)
Lennox from Winnipeg who ended up in North Africa trying to get back to the
Devil's Brigade in Italy through the British system. It took him two months.

American officers would come through the wards of the U.S. field hospitals,
tossing American Purple Heart medals on the beds of the wounded. But if they
found out the soldier was a Canadian, they'd take it back.

Doucette received a purple heart the first time he was wounded. He gave it back
voluntarily. Mann said others hid theirs and brought them home.

Instead, Doucette got wound stripes on the sleeve of his uniform - but he got
only three because two of his wounds came within hours of each other on the same
day - a ricochet in the throat and shrapnel in the leg.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: About 150 of the Second World War's most fearsome soldiers parade in
Halifax in August 2001 for the 55th reunion of the elite Devil's Brigade. The
joint Canadian and American commando force was among the first Allied units to
enter Rome during the Second World War. If the contributions of Canada's
regimental soldiers in Italy were obscured after the war, exploits of the
country's 1st Special Service Battalion were virtually unknown until a 1968 film
made them into heroes.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2004 The Guardian, a division of Hollinger Canadian Newspapers, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              836 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 30, 2016 Wednesday

The Trump Transition, the South Korean Leadership Quagmire, and North Korea's
Opportunity

LENGTH: 596  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York City: Council on Foreign Relations has issued the following news
release:



 As a seemingly personality-driven, rather than policy-driven, Trump transition
unfolds in the United States and Park Geun-hye's scandal-ridden political crisis
deepens with no clear end in sight in South Korea, North Korea under Kim Jong Un
is comparatively a bastion of stability and fixed strategic purpose. But
Pyongyang may have far more capacity as a source of instability than as an
exploiter of uncertainty in Washington and Seoul.





 Indeed, North Korean efforts to exploit American and/or South Korean political
weakness have often been the catalyst that has brought U.S.-South Korea alliance
coordination back on track--or, as was the case with the Korean War--deepened
U.S. involvement on the peninsula to a greater degree than then-President Harry
Truman had intended months prior to the start of the war when his administration
withdrew U.S. troops from the Korean peninsula.



 President-elect Donald Trump affirmed in an early phone call to Park the U.S.
commitment to the alliance and has denied he ever suggested during the election
campaign that South Korea and Japan pursue nuclear self-defense. An early
meeting and vote of confidence from Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has been
another early step toward reaffirming U.S. defense commitments in Asia. The
Trump transition has presumably been briefed regarding the seriousness of North
Korea's sprint to obtain the capability to hit the United States, and the New
York Times has analyzed that the urgent need for cooperation between Washington
and Beijing will force President-elect to delay pledges to pursue a trade war
with China.



 How does Kim Jong Un exploit the bounty of a strategic environment in which
many indicators are seemingly blowing in Pyongyang's favor? No doubt, North
Korea's leadership is anxious to make itself a high priority on the agenda of a
Trump administration, but the seeming absence of a guiding foreign policy
framework for the administration should also give Pyongyang pause since the
usual assumptions and constraints that shape U.S. policy formation may not hold.
How would a Trump administration respond to a North Korean long-range missile
launch or nuclear test? Can a politically paralyzed South Korea be a source of
restraint against U.S. unilateral action? We do not know.



 When will Trump get around to issuing his campaign invitation for a Kim Jong Un
visit to the United States to discuss economic development of a nuclear North
Korea? Trump's initial national security picks are unlikely to be predisposed to
this option. It could be a long wait.



 Given the strategic opportunity to exploit U.S. and South Korean political
weakness, Kim Jong Un's best near-term course of action may indeed be the one
that is most difficult for him to embrace: sit tight and be quiet.



 Efforts to take advantage of South Korean political paralysis through
aggression will surely invite a unified U.S.-South Korean response. Early tests
of North Korean nuclear and missile capabilities may catch a new Trump
administration unprepared and increase the likelihood of a unilateral U.S.
response.



 Neither outcome would likely benefit Kim Jong Un or help him achieve his
strategic goals, but both responses are seemingly innate to North Korean
thinking. Otherwise, Kim's failure to recognize and accept his good geostrategic
fortune may lead to disastrous consequences for all concerned.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              837 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 30, 2016 Wednesday

The Trump Transition, the South Korean Leadership Quagmire, and North Korea's
Opportunity

LENGTH: 596  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York City: Council on Foreign Relations has issued the following news
release:



 As a seemingly personality-driven, rather than policy-driven, Trump transition
unfolds in the United States and Park Geun-hye's scandal-ridden political crisis
deepens with no clear end in sight in South Korea, North Korea under Kim Jong Un
is comparatively a bastion of stability and fixed strategic purpose. But
Pyongyang may have far more capacity as a source of instability than as an
exploiter of uncertainty in Washington and Seoul.





 Indeed, North Korean efforts to exploit American and/or South Korean political
weakness have often been the catalyst that has brought U.S.-South Korea alliance
coordination back on track--or, as was the case with the Korean War--deepened
U.S. involvement on the peninsula to a greater degree than then-President Harry
Truman had intended months prior to the start of the war when his administration
withdrew U.S. troops from the Korean peninsula.



 President-elect Donald Trump affirmed in an early phone call to Park the U.S.
commitment to the alliance and has denied he ever suggested during the election
campaign that South Korea and Japan pursue nuclear self-defense. An early
meeting and vote of confidence from Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has been
another early step toward reaffirming U.S. defense commitments in Asia. The
Trump transition has presumably been briefed regarding the seriousness of North
Korea's sprint to obtain the capability to hit the United States, and the New
York Times has analyzed that the urgent need for cooperation between Washington
and Beijing will force President-elect to delay pledges to pursue a trade war
with China.



 How does Kim Jong Un exploit the bounty of a strategic environment in which
many indicators are seemingly blowing in Pyongyang's favor? No doubt, North
Korea's leadership is anxious to make itself a high priority on the agenda of a
Trump administration, but the seeming absence of a guiding foreign policy
framework for the administration should also give Pyongyang pause since the
usual assumptions and constraints that shape U.S. policy formation may not hold.
How would a Trump administration respond to a North Korean long-range missile
launch or nuclear test? Can a politically paralyzed South Korea be a source of
restraint against U.S. unilateral action? We do not know.



 When will Trump get around to issuing his campaign invitation for a Kim Jong Un
visit to the United States to discuss economic development of a nuclear North
Korea? Trump's initial national security picks are unlikely to be predisposed to
this option. It could be a long wait.



 Given the strategic opportunity to exploit U.S. and South Korean political
weakness, Kim Jong Un's best near-term course of action may indeed be the one
that is most difficult for him to embrace: sit tight and be quiet.



 Efforts to take advantage of South Korean political paralysis through
aggression will surely invite a unified U.S.-South Korean response. Early tests
of North Korean nuclear and missile capabilities may catch a new Trump
administration unprepared and increase the likelihood of a unilateral U.S.
response.



 Neither outcome would likely benefit Kim Jong Un or help him achieve his
strategic goals, but both responses are seemingly innate to North Korean
thinking. Otherwise, Kim's failure to recognize and accept his good geostrategic
fortune may lead to disastrous consequences for all concerned.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              838 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 30, 2016 Wednesday

The Trump Transition, the South Korean Leadership Quagmire, and North Korea's
Opportunity

LENGTH: 596  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York City: Council on Foreign Relations has issued the following news
release:



 As a seemingly personality-driven, rather than policy-driven, Trump transition
unfolds in the United States and Park Geun-hye's scandal-ridden political crisis
deepens with no clear end in sight in South Korea, North Korea under Kim Jong Un
is comparatively a bastion of stability and fixed strategic purpose. But
Pyongyang may have far more capacity as a source of instability than as an
exploiter of uncertainty in Washington and Seoul.





 Indeed, North Korean efforts to exploit American and/or South Korean political
weakness have often been the catalyst that has brought U.S.-South Korea alliance
coordination back on track--or, as was the case with the Korean War--deepened
U.S. involvement on the peninsula to a greater degree than then-President Harry
Truman had intended months prior to the start of the war when his administration
withdrew U.S. troops from the Korean peninsula.



 President-elect Donald Trump affirmed in an early phone call to Park the U.S.
commitment to the alliance and has denied he ever suggested during the election
campaign that South Korea and Japan pursue nuclear self-defense. An early
meeting and vote of confidence from Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has been
another early step toward reaffirming U.S. defense commitments in Asia. The
Trump transition has presumably been briefed regarding the seriousness of North
Korea's sprint to obtain the capability to hit the United States, and the New
York Times has analyzed that the urgent need for cooperation between Washington
and Beijing will force President-elect to delay pledges to pursue a trade war
with China.



 How does Kim Jong Un exploit the bounty of a strategic environment in which
many indicators are seemingly blowing in Pyongyang's favor? No doubt, North
Korea's leadership is anxious to make itself a high priority on the agenda of a
Trump administration, but the seeming absence of a guiding foreign policy
framework for the administration should also give Pyongyang pause since the
usual assumptions and constraints that shape U.S. policy formation may not hold.
How would a Trump administration respond to a North Korean long-range missile
launch or nuclear test? Can a politically paralyzed South Korea be a source of
restraint against U.S. unilateral action? We do not know.



 When will Trump get around to issuing his campaign invitation for a Kim Jong Un
visit to the United States to discuss economic development of a nuclear North
Korea? Trump's initial national security picks are unlikely to be predisposed to
this option. It could be a long wait.



 Given the strategic opportunity to exploit U.S. and South Korean political
weakness, Kim Jong Un's best near-term course of action may indeed be the one
that is most difficult for him to embrace: sit tight and be quiet.



 Efforts to take advantage of South Korean political paralysis through
aggression will surely invite a unified U.S.-South Korean response. Early tests
of North Korean nuclear and missile capabilities may catch a new Trump
administration unprepared and increase the likelihood of a unilateral U.S.
response.



 Neither outcome would likely benefit Kim Jong Un or help him achieve his
strategic goals, but both responses are seemingly innate to North Korean
thinking. Otherwise, Kim's failure to recognize and accept his good geostrategic
fortune may lead to disastrous consequences for all concerned.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              839 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     January 10, 1995 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

COALITION TO FIGHT RIVERBOAT CASINOS GAMBLING PROPONENTS HAVE GOTTEN THEIR
MESSAGE OUT. NOW CIVIC ACTIVISTS AND RELIGIOUS LEADERS HAVE ORGANIZED.

BYLINE: Nathan Gorenstein, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 569 words


The battle over riverboat gambling has been joined.

A new coalition of religious leaders, civic activists and community groups
yesterday announced a campaign against waterborne gambling, thereby challenging
the casino operators who have had command of the public's attention.

The coalition, called Pennsylvanians Against Gambling Expansion (PAGE), said
political leaders were failing their moral duty by advocating an expansion of
gambling.

"Governments should not exploit the gullibility of their people," said William
Devlin, director of the Philadelphia Family Policy Council.

PAGE members contend riverboat gambling would exploit the poorest and neediest,
would not provide long-term economic growth and would contribute only to crime
and family dissolution.

They also attacked the reasoning offered by the city's best-known proponent of
riverboat gambling, Mayor Rendell, which is that gambling will help the city's
economy.

"Mayor Rendell wants Philadelphians to blow their paychecks in Philadelphia
rather than Atlantic City," said Devlin.

While members conceded that Pennsylvania has historically permitted games of
chance - the state lottery and horse racing, to name two - they argued there was
no need to expand the opportunity for what they consider abuse.

"To go to Atlantic City, at least they have to make arrangements," said the Rev.
Allen Jenkins, minister at the Faith United Methodist Church in South
Philadelphia and a former driver for New Jersey Transit.

Mr. Jenkins said he once regularly drove Philadelphians to and from Atlantic
City. "I used to watch the people leave the city with a smile on their face . .
. and come back as sad as can be," he said.

PAGE was created in the expectation that a bill to legalize riverboat gambling
would soon be introduced in the state legislature.

Almost a dozen casinos have taken options on riverfront property in Philadelphia
and Bucks County in an effort to secure their competitive positions if a bill is
passed.

Gov.-elect Tom Ridge has said he wants any bill to require a statewide
referendum, which many think reduces the likelihood gambling will come to
Pennsylvania.

But just last month a major casino operator, Aztar Inc., obtained an option on
22 acres of land in Bensalem.

Speakers at yesterday's news conference flatly rejected claims that gambling was
needed to help rejuvenate the city's economy by attracting more tourists and
creating jobs.

They predicted that few among Philadelphia's poorest would be hired for any jobs
in the casinos, but that those people would be among the most likely to lose
what money they have by gambling.

"Any entity that traffics, in effect, in human misery is not going to build a
moral civilization," said Ronald O'Brien, one of the group's organizers and the
coordinator of the news conference.

Also working with PAGE is a Pittsburgh area group, No Dice. The groups are also
circulating an anti-gambling petition they plan to submit to legislators in
Harrisburg.

Devlin said a study by the University of Massachusetts concluded gambling did
not produce long-term economic benefits, and a number of speakers pointed to
Atlantic City's experience.

They maintained gambling has benefited only a small fraction of Atlantic City's
population, while causing small businesses to close and doing little to improve
the city's otherwise deteriorated physical condition.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              840 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 14, 2015 Friday
                                Regional Edition

There is no dignity in the sex trade

BYLINE: Cindy McCain

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 651 words


Amnesty International recently adopted a proposal that recommends
decriminalizing the sex trade, a move that it says is for the human rights and
equal protections of sex workers. This proposal instead gives amnesty to pimps,
brothel owners and sex buyers by recognizing everyone in sex work as "consenting
adults." Men and women in the vulnerable position of selling their bodies for
sex should be offered services and solutions to provide them with safe
alternatives.

The proposal instead legalizes their exploitation. Amnesty International  says
that people who engage in sex work often do so because they have been
marginalized and have limited choices. The decision to sell one's body for sex
made in the absence of better circumstances is not a human right. A buyer or
trafficker who takes advantage of someone's lack of choice for their own
financial or sexual gain is an exploiter of human rights and should be
criminalized.

Sex work and sex trafficking cannot reasonably be separated. Sex work fuels the
demand for commercial sex, which is the indisputable driving force behind the
sex-trafficking industry. Supply will always meet demand, and in this equation,
supply is too often vulnerable men and women, and, at its very worst, children.
Under the group's proposal, sex traffickers and brothel owners could operate
with immunity for facilitating what they say is consensual sex work. Protections
should not be afforded to those who prey on a person's vulnerability or lack of
basic needs. Decriminalizing sex work would put those in the sex industry, and
vulnerable populations around the world, in greater danger by giving no
authority to go after those who exploit others for personal profit, all under
the guise of protecting those in harm's way.

This industry is not safe, and Amnesty International understands that sex
workers in many countries face high levels of violence,  but it draws the
implausible conclusion that the danger lies in societal stigma, not in the
precarious nature of the sex industry and those who exploit it. Recently in
Charleston, W.Va., an escort  fended off and killed her attacker when he arrived
for a "date" with a "kill kit," including a gun, handcuffs, an ax, machete,
bulletproof vest, knives, a box cutter, bleach and several trash bags. This
person is thought to be tied to the deaths of four other escorts and carried a
list of 10 other women selling sex whom he intended to harm. In 2009,  a Texas
man shot and killed an escort for not agreeing to have sex with him, and the
horror stories continue. Stigma isn't the danger.

This proposal tells women, men and children that sex work is a safe and accepted
choice, and that those who pay to have sex with them have the human right to
express their personal autonomy. Amnesty International says that some buyers
"develop a stronger sense of self in their relationships with sex workers,
improving their life enjoyment and dignity." The sexual fulfillment and dignity
of sex clients as a human right has been placed higher than the safety and
stability of those caught in the sex trade. Dignity for exploited women and
children is ranked below that of commercial sex buyers.

Although Amnesty International does not have the authority to make or enforce
laws, its influence as an international human rights organization presents a
challenge in the uphill battle to combat societal acceptance of the degradation
of women and children for sex. Its policy recommendations matter to the
international community, although perhaps after this proposal, they should
matter less.

This policy is a step backward in the fight against human trafficking worldwide.
It is misguided thinking, dangerous for women and children, and a heartbreaking
abandonment of those being sold for sex each and every day.

The writer is chairman of the Human Trafficking Advisory Council at the McCain
Institute for International Leadership.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                              841 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                           November 17, 2015 Tuesday
                                  WEB Edition

Eagles offense is in a depth spiral

BYLINE: By David Murphy; Daily News Columnist

SECTION: WEB; P-com Spt. Eagles; Pg. 999

LENGTH: 935 words


THE TROUBLING thing to consider is that this Eagles offense might actually be
overachieving.

Monday, Chip Kelly noted that the outcome of a football game sometimes comes
down to a single play. He noted that his team has lost to Atlanta, Washington
and Miami by a field goal or less. Maybe it was a subtle way of saying that the
Eagles would be 7-2 if they had made all their kicks. But let's think about it
from a different perspective.

The outcome of each play from scrimmage is dictated by two variables: the
ability of the coaching staff to put its players in one-on-one or one-on-none
situations, and the ability of the players to win those battles. It is a team
game, sure, and the acumen of the playcaller is a huge part of it. But a coach
is not an alchemist, and, at some point, it becomes a one-on-one game.

When you look at the Eagles' depth chart, how many one-on-one winners do you
see?

Take the best team in the league and force it to play 10-on-11 against the worst
team in the league and which team will you put your money on? Look at it that
way, and losses like the one the Eagles suffered on Sunday are much less
confusing. The Eagles and Dolphins were technically at even strength, but with
one of the most physically dominant defensive tackles in the game lining up
against a career backup guard, it did not always look that way. These are the
matchups that determine the outcomes of games, just as sure as removing a player
from either side would do the same.

The teams that win have coaches who understand how to exploit these matchups,
but those coaches often have a greater number of those matchups to exploit. That
second observation is the one that pertains to the Eagles.

Take Miles Austin. How many times this season has he offered Kelly a matchup to
exploit?

Riley Cooper?

How about offensive line, where a trio of career backups joined Lane Johnson and
Jason Kelce on Sunday. Forget exploitation: How many matchups should Kelly
expect Dennis Kelly, Matt Tobin and Allen Barbre not to lose?

When a team starts a game with an even-or-negative talent differential at half
of the matchups on the field, it better make up for it with the other half. Or
else how can it expect to win more than half of its games?

The less talent a playcaller has at a given position, the more dependent he is
on the talent level of his opponent's side of the matchup. Sounds like a good
recipe for inconsistency, no?

Kelly was asked yesterday whether the lack of production from his outside
receivers was a concern. He responded by saying that the Eagles thought they had
matchups against their inside receivers that they could better exploit. Well,
yeah. Why might that have been the case?

Chances are, Kelly understands the problem. He watches the same game as
everybody else. But he is also the one in charge of dealing the cards in his
hand, and it is looking increasingly likely that his success in his first
go-around as an NFL coach will hinge on his performance in that department
moving forward.

The current individual talent level on the offensive side of the ball directly
correlates with the attention paid to the unit in the draft over the past three
years. In Kelly's first three drafts as head coach, the Eagles have selected
only six offensive players, the lowest total of any team in the NFL. In fact, 17
teams have selected twice that many players. It takes 22 players to go two-deep
on offense. The Eagles have drafted six.

With regard to volume, consider that the Steelers' line of succession at wide
receiver - Santonio Holmes to Mike Wallace to Emmanuel Sanders to Antonio Brown
to Martavis Bryant - also has seen them draft Limas Sweed, Markus Wheaton, Dri
Archer and Sammie Coates in the first through third rounds. There is good
scouting, but there is also churn.

In some respects, it is early. Kelly has had complete control for less than one
year, and the numbers game predates his regime. The Eagles drafted a total of
two wide receivers from 2010 to '13: Cooper in the fifth and the immortal Marvin
McNutt in the sixth. Over the last five years, they've drafted two offensive
linemen in the first four rounds. Brown caught 16 passes for 167 yards for the
Steelers as a rookie. It's far too early to pass judgment on Nelson Agholor or
Eric Rowe. Meanwhile, Lane Johnson, Bennie Logan and Jordan Matthews have
provided excellent value.

That said, Kelly the coach is already three years into his first draft cycle,
which gives a team four or five years of value before it must pay a player a
market wage or replace him with the next young guy. Fall behind in the cycle and
you end up with losses like Sunday's to the Fightin' Suh.

You can argue that Austin should have been able to keep his feet in bounds in
the back of the end zone in the fourth quarter, but you'd also be arguing that
he shouldn't have been available for the Eagles to sign for a couple of million
bucks at the end of the offseason. On the free-agent market, a team is simply
hoping to get what it pays for. It is naive to plan on getting more.

The four-year window is where a team gets its value. If it cannot draft a
suitable replacement within that time frame, then it must pay a huge premium for
a matchup-winner or pay a player like Cooper $4.8 million (which is less than
the Browns agreed to pay Dwayne Bowe so that he could amass eight targets and
three receptions in four games).

You get what you draft. Otherwise, you get what you pay for. After that, you get
what your talent gives you. For the Eagles, that means 4-5.

Email: dmurphy@phillynews.com

On Twitter: @ByDavidMurphy

Blog: ph.ly/HighCheese

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: (Jeffrey G. Pittenger/USA Today)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              842 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Port Arthur News (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 17, 2012 Saturday

Manvel exploits Titans defense, grabs bidistrict victory

BYLINE: David Coleman, The Port Arthur News, Texas

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 1450 words


Nov. 17--CHANNELVIEW -- For a second straight week, Port Arthur Memorial's fatal
flaw proved the difference in a win and a loss.

This time, the inability to stop the run ended the Titans' season as Manvel beat
Memorial 49-37 in the Class 5A, Division II bidistrict playoffs.

Manvel rushed for 202 yards on 23 carries in the first half alone and finished
with 309 rushing yards in the game.

"The kids played extremely hard," Memorial head coach Kenny Harrison said. "We
had some injuries which we had to make some adjustments for. But, I was pleased
how the kids battled through that. It says a lot about these seniors and our
football team. (Manvel) did what good teams do and went right at us. Their
coaching staff ran the ball right there and took advantage of us."

Manvel opened the game with a 13 play scoring drive, capped by a 3-yard TD pass
caught by Texas A&M commit Kyrion Parker from Shane McCarley.

Memorial answered with 10 straight points sandwicheD around Jacody Boone's
second interception of the season. Ricardo Estupinan kicked a 27-yard field goal
with just under 4 minutes left in the first quarter. After the Mavericks drove
down to the Titan 39 on the ensuing drive, Boone picked off Manvel's Shane
McCarley at the Titan 19.

The Titans drove 81 yards and scored on quarterback Ricky Fisk's 1-yard run, his
13th TD run of the season with 9:57 left in the second quarter. After Memorial
went up 10-7 with 10 minutes, 23 seconds left in the second quarter, Manvel
reeled off 21 straight points.

The Mavericks needed just six offensive plays to score three TDs. Qyalan Clay
scored on a 46-yd run less than 30 seconds after Fisk to make it 14-10 Manvel.

On Memorial's first offensive play after the kickoff, Manvel's Gary Haynes
intercepted a Fisk pass and returned it 35 yards for a TD to make it 21-10.
After an Edward Mayfield run on first down of the ensuing drive, Fisk was sacked
by Manvel defensive end Trey Silvers and fumbled the ball, which Manvel
recovered at the Titan 29.

Four plays later, Mavericks senior Richard Rose scored on a 13-yard run to make
it 28-10 with 8:11 to go in the first half.

Memorial gave up over 300 yards in back-to-back games, allowing 654 yards
combined to La Porte and Manvel. In the past four games, the Titans had allowed
1,025 yards, after averaging 180 rushing yards allowed in the previous seven
games.

Part of the problem Memorial had defensively was key players being out with
injuries. Titan cornerback Devin Cockrell did not suit up for the game with a
rib injury and was replaced in the lineup by Boone. Then, on the game's first
play, senior defensive tackle Matthew Romar was poked in the eye and temporarily
lost vision in it.

"Any time you lose a kid like Matthew Romar, it's tough to replace that,"
Harrison said. "They ran right where Matthew would have been. He got poked in
the eye and lost vision in his left eye. He ended up going to the hospital. He
stayed on the bench for a little bit to see if his vision would come back but it
didn't, so he went to the hospital."

By the end of the game, Memorial had also lost starting defenders Jalen Barnes
and James Jenkins to injuries. Despite all that, the Titans still held Manvel's
prolific quarterback McCarley to just 174 passing yards in the game. Jenkins
also had another Titans interception in the second quarter that led to another
Estupinan field goal.

"Our kids came out and played extremely hard, " Harrison said. "I couldn't be
prouder of this group of kids. I wish the outcome could have been different. I
told them (at halftime) that it was nothing Manvel did to us, it was mental
mistakes on my part that put us in a hole a little bit. If we can correct those,
we'd be fine in the second half. We did that and made a run at them in the
second half and had some chances. Manvel is a good team and did what they needed
to do."

The Titans were able to outscore Manvel 24-14 in the second half, but it was too
little, too late. Memorial grabbed the opening kickoff of the second half and
marched down for a quick touchdown with Mayfield and Fisk running for 45 of the
60 yards the drive covered. Fisk capped it with his 14th rushing TD this season.

Fisk finished the game with 86 rushing yards, giving him 983 rushing yards this
season. Mayfield topped 100 yards for the second time this season with 12
carries for 100 yards, including 58 yards on six carries in the third quarter
alone. The senior ended the season with 333 rushing yards, passing freshman
Kameron Martin for the second-most on the team.

"I think driving down on that first drive and scoring, there was a momentum
swing," Harrison said. "We had momentum on our side. We had a couple of
opportunities to make some third down stops, but their players made good plays
to get it. If we had made a couple of those, we'd have been in good shape. They
have some great athletes over there."

Though leading receiver Roderic Rucker was hobbled by injuries and shut down by
Texas A&M commit Tavares Garner for just two catches for 17 yards, Fisk was able
to spread the ball around to six different receivers in the game. John Leday led
the team with five catches for 73 yards while Brandon Leday had four catches for
56 yards.

Both Albert Jacobs and Tayylor Labrie had fourth quarter TD catches, as Jacobs
finished with two catches for 39 yards and Labrie equaled his season receptions
with three catches for 29 yards. Labrie scored a TD in each of the last two
games after entering the La Porte game with just one catch all season.

Memorial ends the season at 8-3 while Manvel (10-1) will play Fort Bend Dulles
in the area round at a site and time to be determined.

Manvel 49, Port Arthur Memorial 37

Turning point: After scoring a quick touchdown to take back the lead, Manvel's
Gary Haynes jumped a stop route in the flats on Memorial's next offensive play
and returned it 35 yards for a score. That sapped any momentum Memorial had in
the quarter and sparked a points explosion that left the Titans trailing 28-10
with eight minutes left in the first half. Memorial never came within 12 points
of the Mavericks again.

On offense: Wideout John Leday became just the fourth receiver in Titan history
to break 1,000 yards in his career. He finished his Memorial career with 73
catches for 1,011 yards in two seasons.

Random stat: Manvel had eight penalties for 85 yards in the second half, while
Memorial had one for 15 over the same stretch.

Playoff record: Port Arthur Memorial head coach Kenny Harrison saw his record in
playoff games drop to 6-4 with the loss. It's the first time Memorial fell in a
bidistrict game since 2009, when the Titans lost to La Porte.

Intercepted: Manvel quarterback Shane McCarley was picked off twice in a game
for the first time since North Shore did it in the Mavericks' second game of the
season. The two picks Memorial made Saturday was as many as McCarley had thrown
in the previous five games combined.

5A BIDISTRICT PLAYOFFS

MANVEL 49, PA MEMORIAL 37

PAM        3    10    10    14    -- 37

Manvel        7    28    0    14    -- 49

First Quarter

Manvel  -- Kyrion Parker 3 pass from Shane McCarley (Juan Henriquez kick), 7:05

PAM -- Ricardo Estupinan 27 FG, 3:58

Second Quarter

PAM -- Ricky Fisk 1 run (Estupinan kick), 10:23

Manvel -- Qyalan Clay 46 run (Henriquez kick), 9:57

Manvel -- Gary Haynes 35 interception return (Henriquez kick),

Manvel -- Richard Rose 13 run (Henriquez kick),

PAM -- Estupinan 37 FG, 5:18

Manvel -- Carlos Thompson 33 pass from McCarley (Henriquez kick), 0:50

Third Quarter

PAM -- Fisk 7 run (Estupinan kick), 10:37

PAM -- Estupinan 19 FG, 3:43

Fourth Quarter

Manvel -- Thompson 33 pass from McCarley (Henriquez kick), 9:54

PAM -- Albert Jacobs 22 pass from Fisk ( Estupinan kick), 8:23

Manvel -- Rose 2 run (Henriquez kick), 2:39

PAM -- Tayylor Labrie 20 pass from Fisk (Estupinan kick), 0:56TEAM STATISTICS

PAM    Manvel

First downs    26    24

Rushes-yards    36-177    45-309

Passing yards    231    174

Total yards    408    483

Passes    18-28-1    13-22-2

Punts     1-34    1-56

Fumbles-Lost    1-1    1-0

Penalties-Yards    4-50    17-150

INDIVIDUAL STATISTICS

RUSHING--PAM,Ricky Fisk 24-86, Edward Mayfield 12-100, John Leday 1-1, TEAM
2-(-10). Manvel,, Shane McCarley 10-87, Clay 20-149, Rose 10-46, Carlos Thompson
2-25, Reggie Hemphill 1-2, TEAM 2-0.

PASSING--PAM, Fisk 18-28-1 231. Manvel, McCarley 13-22-2 174.

RECEIVING--PAM,, John Leday 5-73, Brandon Leday 4-56, Albert Jacobs 2-39,
Tayylor Labrie 3-29, Edward Mayfield 2-19, Roderic Rucker 2-17. Manvel, Thompson
5-98, Clay 3-3, Kyrion Parker 2-18, Austin Bennett 2-37, Koda Matin 1-17.

___ (c)2012 The Port Arthur News (Port Arthur, Texas) Visit The Port Arthur News
(Port Arthur, Texas) at panews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121117-ZH-Manvel-exploits
-Titans-defense-grabs-bidistrict-victory-1117-20121117

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZH


                      Copyright 2012 The Port Arthur News

                              843 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 19, 2011 Monday

Comets exploit Panthers' passing attack in 21-6 win

BYLINE: Zach Stich, Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 378 words


Sept. 19--PARKERS PRAIRIE -- The Hillcrest Comets were able to take advantage of
the poor air game by Parkers Prairie Panthers in a 21-6 victory.

The Comets came out on fire in the first quarter scoring 14 points on two
touchdowns and two successful kicks. The first was a 4 yard run by Theo Taylor
with Taylor Isaac kicking the extra point. The second touchdown was on defense
when Cooper Patch had a 30 yard interception return for six, Isaac booted in
another point.

In the second quarter The Panthers were able to get on the board scoring a
touchdown when Wyatt Samuelson had a 7 yard run, but the following kick was
blocked.

The Comets struck back for the last points of the game in the third quarter when
Taylor had a 22 yard run. Isaac's kick was good.

"We have been executing more efficiently, but we still had penalties at the
wrong times," Said Head Coach Charlie Brue. "Taylor also really stepped up his
running game tonight."

Taylor finished the evening with 35 rushes for 203 yards and two touchdowns for
the Comets, while teammate Gene Twedt recorded three interceptions of Panther
quarterback Hunter Arnold.

The Comets will look once again to their defense for outstanding play as they
travel to Verndale next Friday for a 7 p.m. game.

Hillcrest Lutheran Academy Comets 21, Parkers Prairie Panthers 6

HLA 14 0 7 0 -- 21

PP 0 6 0 0 -- 6

1st Quarter

(HLA) Theo Taylor 4 yd run (Taylor Isaac kick)

(HLA) Cooper Patch 30 yd Int. return (Isaac kick)

2nd Quarter

(PP) Wyatt Samuelson 7 yd run (kick failed)

3rd Quarter

(HLA) Taylor 22 yd run (Isaac kick)

HLA PP

Rushing 219 140

Passing 103 68

Att.-Comp.-Int.11-6-1 16-5-4

First Downs 13 9

Penalties 6-45 3-25

Hillcrest Lutheran Academy

Rushing: Taylor 35-203 yds; Mark Undseth 2-16 yds

Passing: Dalton Tostenson 6-11-1 103 yds

Receiving: Chris Bigelow 2-41 yds; Undseth 2-15 yds; Twedt 1-40 yds

Defense: Undseth 9 tackles; Twedt 3 int.

Parkers Prairie

Rushing: Dylan McCallson 16-61 yds; Wyatt Samuelson 7-27 yds; Tyler Schlosser
12-46 yds

Passing: Hunter Arnold 5-16-4 140 yds

Receiving: Samuelson 1-24 yds; Schlosser 1-18 yds; Alec Alberts 1-11 yds

___ (c)2011 the Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) Visit the
Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) at www.fergusfallsjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110919-1FF-Comets-exploit
-Panthers-passing-attack-in-21-6-win-0919-20110919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FF


                Copyright 2011 Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn

                              844 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                            October 14, 2012 Sunday

Many high school stars have found home in NFL

BYLINE: Mike Richard

SECTION: SPORTS; FOOTBALL FLASHBACK; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 2049 words


The game of professional football really began to take shape and gain popularity
following World War II.

High school teams were in abundance, and Saturday afternoons were a time for
exciting gridiron exploits. Many of the top high school players moved on to the
college ranks, while others continued to hone their skills on the numerous
semipro teams that every community seemed to have back then.

Worcester was home to such semipro squads as the Quinsigamonds, the Eagles and
the Dartmouths, while there were also the Leominster Lions, Gardner Merchants,
Webster Colonials, Auburn Cyclones, Athol Dukes and Milford Trojans.

In addition, Millbury, Dudley, Marlboro, Southbridge, Clinton and Hudson were
among the many other towns that boasted semipro football.

Once television became prevalent in homes, semipro football met a sudden demise
since football fans didn't have to venture out to chilly autumn football fields.
Instead, they could tune in to watch the weekly exploits of the New York Giants,
who were the local favorite of many by virtue of their continual appearance on
television.

This week, we'll take our final look at local products from Central Mass. high
schools who moved on to professional football careers in the NFL.

Paul Duhart, who was a fine player at St. Peter's High in the late 1930s,
attended the University of Florida before entering World War II. With the number
of college players volunteering for the service, the Gators team was forced to
disband. So after being discharged in 1944, Duhart had no college team to return
to.

All discharged veterans were allowed to sign free agent contracts, so Duhart
joined Green Bay and helped the Packers win the 1944 NFL championship. The
following year, he entered the NFL Draft and became the first former Gator to go
in the first round when he was drafted by Pittsburgh with the second overall
pick.

Following several injuries which shortened his career, Duhart played for both
the Boston Yanks and Pittsburgh in 1945 before his career ended after 13 games.
He later coached at Mary E. Wells High in Southbridge.

Worcester Classical athlete Vinnie Yablonski and Southbridge's Bill Swiacki
(Wells High) each attended Columbia University in the mid-1940s and played for
Leominster's Lou Little. In the 1947 game where Columbia ended Army's 32-game
unbeaten streak, 21-20, Swiacki scored a touchdown and Yablonski booted the
extra point for the margin of victory.

Yablonski joined the Chicago Cardinals in 1948 and played a total of 40 games at
fullback in a four-season career, while Swiacki spent five seasons in the NFL
with the Giants and later the Detroit Lions. A left end, Swiacki caught 10
touchdown passes in 1948 and wound up with 18 for his career.

Another Worcester-born player, Clayton Lane, who played college ball at the
University of New Hampshire, had a one-game career as a tackle with the New York
Giants in 1948.

Gene Filipski attended Bartlett High in Webster for two years, playing football
and baseball, but at age 15 moved to Sacramento, Calif., to live with his
brother, who was in the Air Force. Filipski was all-state in California and
received an appointment to West Point, where he played under the legendary Red
Blaik. The halfback spent two years for the New York Giants in 1956-57, winning
the NFL championship with them that first season.

Gardner's Frank Morze was a standout lineman who helped the 1950 Wildcats to the
Class B state title, kicking the extra point in a 7-6 victory over Leominster to
clinch a 9-0 season. He followed his high school coach, Walt Dubzinski, to
Boston College before spending eight seasons and 84 games in the NFL with San
Francisco and Cleveland as a center/tackle.

Several other Central Mass. high school standouts also saw some NFL time through
the 1960s. Hudson's Pete Manning, who was a sensational high school running back
and went to Wake Forest, spent two seasons as a defensive back with the Chicago
Bears (1960-61). Harry Crump, who graduated from Westboro High in 1959, played
fullback at Boston College and later played two games in 1963 with the Boston
Patriots.

Pete Perreault, a 1957 graduate of Shrewsbury High, attended Boston University
and went on to a nine-year pro career with the AFL's New York Jets from 1963
through '67, the AFL's Cincinnati Bengals in 1968, then returned to the Jets
from 1969-70 before finishing up his career with the Minnesota Vikings in 1971.
He played a total of 87 games at guard and linebacker.

The first three-generation family in the NFL was the Pyne family of Milford, but
later they were joined by the Clay Matthews family (Clay Sr., Clay Jr. and Clay
III). George Pyne Sr. played a season for Providence in 1931, while his son
George Pyne Jr. was a defensive tackle with the Boston Patriots in 1965 for 14
games.

Jim Pyne had the longest NFL career, spending seven seasons in the NFL with
Tampa Bay (1995-97), Detroit (1998), Cleveland (1999-2000) and Philadelphia
(2001). Pyne attended Milford High and later Choate Rosemary Hall before moving
on to Virginia Tech, where his No. 73 jersey was retired. An offensive lineman,
he played in 81 NFL games.

St. Bernard's graduate Milt Morin, who later was a standout at the University of
Massachusetts, had one of the most storied careers of any local player. An
exceptional tight end, he was a first-round draft pick of the Cleveland Browns
in 1966 and spent 10 seasons with them. In 129 career games, he caught 16 career
touchdown passes with his best season coming in 1968 when he had five touchdowns
and more than 700 yards receiving.

One of Morin's teammate at UMass was Phil Vandersea, a 1961 graduate of
Northbridge High who played in the Rams' backfield and scored in each of the
four varsity seasons he played. He finished with 148 career points and 16
2-point conversions, a Northbridge record.

He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in 1965 as a defensive end and played
for the NFL champions that season. After a year in New Orleans in 1967, he
returned to the Packers in 1968-69, playing a total of 46 games in his career.

John Fitzgerald was a 300-pound fullback at Southbridge High and later played as
a two-way tackle at Boston College. He was a fourth-round draft pick of the
Dallas Cowboys in 1970 and spent his entire 10-year career with them. A durable
center and tackle, he played in 138 NFL games, including four Super Bowls.

Brian Herosian and Bill Cooke both attended Worcester Academy and later the
University of Connecticut before pro careers beckoned. Herosian played one
season with the Baltimore Colts at safety in 1973 before playing in the Canadian
Football League with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. Cooke, a defensive specialist,
saw time over six seasons with four teams - Green Bay (1975), San Francisco
(1976-77), Detroit (1978) and Seattle (1978-80).

Unquestionably, the most successful football player from Central Mass. has to be
Milford's Howie Long, whose 13-year career with the Oakland/Los Angeles Raiders
included a Super Bowl win in 1984 and landed him in the Pro Football Hall of
Fame.

While at Milford High, Long played for Dick Corbin's 1975 Super Bowl champions
that beat Pittsfield, 42-14. He later attended Villanova. He was a second-round
pick of the Raiders and played 179 games at defensive end and defensive tackle,
and continues his TV career to this day.

Prior to Long, Milford had two members of its 1974 team go on to play in the
United States Football League. Pat Cornelius was a tackle with the USFL's Los
Angeles Express in 1983.

Teammate Joe Restic Jr., who later played for the Notre Dame's national
champions of 1977, was with the Boston Breakers in 1983, then moved with the
Breakers to their next two destinations - New Orleans in 1984 and Portland in
1985.

The now-defunct Wachusett League probably sent more players to the NFL in the
1970s and early '80s than any other Central Mass. league, with some players
having more success than others.

No question, the Morris family of Ayer provided Central Mass. with one of the
most prolific backfields in history when the late Owen Kilcoyne coached the
Panthers.

Older brother Joe Morris was a dynamic running back at Ayer before taking his
talents to Syracuse and later the New York Giants for eight seasons, including a
Super Bowl in 1987. While many felt the 5-foot-7 running back was too small for
the NFL, he proved skeptics wrong, scoring 50 career touchdowns and three times
rushing for more than 1,000 yards.

His brothers, Larry Morris and Jamie Morris, both of whom helped Ayer to a 50-0
Super Bowl win over Monty Tech in 1980, attended Syracuse and Michigan,
respectively. While Larry played only two games for Green Bay in 1987, Jamie
spent three seasons in the NFL with Washington (1988-89) and also played three
games with New England in 1990.

Ironically, the fourth brother, Mike Morris, whom many felt was the best
all-around athlete of the brothers, never played in the pros, but worked for
many years as a strength and conditioning coach with the New England Patriots.

Oakmont Regional's Shawn Halloran, who succeeded Doug Flutie at Boston College,
played three games as a replacement player for the St. Louis Cardinals during
the strike season of 1987.

In addition, two Lunenburg products, Brian Saranovitz and Bob White, both of
whom played for Walt Dubzinski Jr.'s Super Bowl champions that edged
Southbridge, 15-14, in 1979, also caught on with NFL teams. Saranovitz was on
the 1987 New England Patriots roster but never got into a game, while White
spent three seasons as an offensive lineman with Dallas from 1987-89.

Kenny Gamble, who played a season at Cushing Academy in 1985, moved on to
Colgate and spent three seasons as a running back with the Kansas City Chiefs
(1988-90).

The 1990s had two local products who led their respective high schools to Super
Bowl championships before eventually moving to the NFL.

St. Peter-Marian's Jerry Azumah helped another football dynasty led by Kilcoyne
to the 1994 Super Bowl championship with three touchdowns in a 42-15 win over
Oakmont. After an outstanding career as a running back at the University of New
Hampshire, he was a defensive back with the Chicago Bears for seven NFL seasons,
from 1999-2005.

Gardner's lone Super Bowl championship came in 1997, and co-captain Jacques
Cesaire was one of the more important cogs in the Wildcats' 12-6 win over
Wahconah Regional. Cesaire later starred at Southern Connecticut State. He was
not drafted, but signed with the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent
and played on the defensive line for nine seasons before his release just prior
to the 2012 season.

Currently, three local high school products are connected with NFL teams.
Burncoat's Ron Brace, who played at Boston College, has been a defensive tackle
with the New England Patriots since 2009.

Meanwhile, Ryan Durant, a St. Bernard's graduate via Syracuse University, has
been on the roster of the Tennessee Titans the past three seasons and is now on
the season-ending injured reserve list, while Holy Name's Emil Igwenagu made the
Philadelphia Eagles' eight-man practice squad.

Mike Richard can be contacted by email at rich0725@aol.com

CMass in NFL Championships, Super Bowls

Year Player Team Result Championship

1933 Ollie Satenstein NY Giants Lost to Chicago, 23-21 NFL Championship

1940 Ray McLean Chicago Beat Washington, 73-0 NFL Championship

1941 Ray McLean Chicago Beat NY Giants, 37-9 NFL Championship

1942 Ray McLean Chicago Lost to Washington, 14-6 NFL Championship

1943 Ray McLean Chicago Beat Washington, 41-21 NFL Championship

1944 Paul Duhart Green Bay Beat NY Giants, 14-7 NFL Championship

1946 Ray McLean Chicago Beat NY Giants, 24-14 NFL Championship

1952 Bill Swiacki Detroit Beat Cleveland, 17-7 NFL Championship

1956 Gene Filipski NY Giants Beat Chicago, 47-7 NFL Championship

1963 Harry Crump Boston Lost to San Diego, 51-10 AFL Championship

1965 Phil Vandersea Green Bay Beat Cleveland, 23-12 NFL Championship

1976 John Fitzgerald Dallas Lost to Pittsburgh, 21-17 Super Bowl X

1978 John Fitzgerald Dallas Beat Denver, 27-10 Super Bowl XII

1979 John Fitzgerald Dallas Lost to Pittsburgh, 35-31 Super Bowl XIII

1984 Howie Long LA Raiders Beat Washington, 38-9 Super Bowl XVIII

1987 Joe Morris NY Giants Beat Denver, 39-20 Super Bowl XXI

2012 Ron Brace NE Patriots Lost to NY Giants, 21-17 Super Bowl XLVI

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS
(1) Former Ayer High star Joe Morris played eight seasons for the New York
Giants, winning a Super Bowl in 1987. (2) Milford High's Howie Long played 13
seasons with the Raiders, winning a Super Bowl in 1984, before being inducted
into the Hall of Fame. (3) Jim Pyne, another Milford High product, played seven
seasons in the NFL for Tampa Bay, Detroit, Cleveland and Philadelphia.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              845 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

Microsoft eyes cracks in Windows;
Vulnerability exploited by group tied to hacking of DNC

BYLINE: Brett Molina and Elizabeth Weise USA Today

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 256 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Microsoft says it will release a patch next week to address vulnerabilities in
its Windows operating system exploited by a group reportedly tied to the Russian
government and linked to the theft of emails from the U.S. Democratic National
Committee.

The group, called Strontium by Microsoft but Fancy Bear or APT 28 by other
security researchers, has been tied to Russian state-sponsored hacking.

U.S. government intelligence agencies have said Russian groups were behind
attempts to interfere with this year's presidential election.

Strontium has targeted government agencies, diplomatic institutions, military
organizations, defence contractors and public-policy research institutes,
Microsoft's executive vice-president of Windows and devices group Terry Myerson
said in a blog post on Wednesday.

Myerson did not directly link Strontium to Russia, only that it has been used
"to target a specific set of customers."

The exploits used by Strontium involve versions of Windows going back to Vista
as well as Adobe's Flash, according to Myerson.

Microsoft says the group launched a campaign involving spear phishing, where
users will receive a malicious email disguised as a message from a friendly
individual or business. If successful, hackers using the exploits could gain
access to a victim's computer. A patch is expected by November 8.

The patch won't prevent Strontium from launching attacks, but it will need to
find new vulnerabilities.

The exploits were first discovered by Google's Threat Analysis Group, and shared
publicly on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited

                              846 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            February 12, 2010 Friday

Champion of Afghan fighters 'goodtime Charlie' dies

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 532 words


Fulsome tributes poured in for Charlie Wilson, who despite a playboy image,
became an influential player in the Cold War, funnelling billions of dollars in
weapons to the Afghan mujahideen through a secret CIA programme.

His exploits became the subject of the 2007 movie adaptation of a book
chronicling his efforts, starring Tom Hanks as Wilson and Julia Roberts as the
Houston socialite Joanne Herring who inspired him to help the Afghans.

"Charlie Wilson led a life that was oversized even by Hollywood's standards,"
said a statement from the governor of Texas, Rick Perry.

Wilson, dubbed by Texas newspapers as "Goodtime Charlie" because of his
hard-partying, scandal-prone ways, succumbed to a heart attack on Wednesday,
said Memorial Health System of East Texas spokeswoman, Yana Ogletree.

As the head of the House of Representatives Defence Appropriations Subcommittee,
Wilson quietly oversaw vast funding increases for the CIA's campaign against
Soviet forces in Afghanistan, with Pakistan playing a prominent role.

But arming the Afghan fighters - seen as a triumph in Washington after the
Soviets withdrew - turned out to have unintended consequences that have since
haunted the US.

Some of the Afghan warlords that Wilson championed and who received millions
from the CIA are now viewed as dangerous Islamist extremists with ties to
al-Qaida, including Gulbuddin Hekmatyar and Jalaluddin Haqqani.

"As the world now knows, his efforts and exploits helped repel an invader,
liberate a people, and bring the Cold War to a close," said defence secretary
Robert Gates, who worked with Wilson during his years at the CIA.

"After the Soviets left, Charlie kept fighting for the Afghan people and warned
against abandoning that traumatised country to its fate - a warning we should
have heeded then, and should remember today," Gates said.

Even after the attacks of September 11, Wilson never expressed regret about
arming the Afghan warriors.

"We were fighting the evil empire. It would have been like not supplying the
Soviets against Hitler in World War II," he told Time magazine in 2007.

"Anyway, who the hell had ever heard of the Taliban then?"

The Central Intelligence Agency broke with tradition and eventually gave Wilson
the Honoured Colleague Award for his efforts in Afghanistan, the first civilian
to receive the award.

"It is the rare congressman who by dint of personality, persistence and country
smarts did something that literally altered history on the global stage," said
Dan Rather, the former CBS television journalist.

Wilson was known to recruit beautiful women to work in his Washington office,
who were nicknamed "Charlie's Angels" after the television show, and he often
brought along his latest glamorous girlfriend on trips to Pakistan and the
Middle East.

Wilson endured a harrowing Justice Department investigation into allegations he
had snorted cocaine in Las Vegas.

Prosecutors never filed charges, as one key witness could only recall Wilson
partaking of cocaine in the Cayman Islands - outside the reach of US
authorities.

Asked years later in an ABC television interview if the allegations were true,
Wilson joked: "Nobody knows the answer to that and I ain't telling."

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              847 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            January 24, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Hockey Notebook

BYLINE: John Kernaghan, The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. SP03

LENGTH: 378  words


Marlie coach in praise of Quinn?

For a guy who stands to gain in a big way if the Maple Leafs dump head coach Pat
Quinn, Paul Maurice is scarcely damning the big Irishman with faint praise.

"Pat Quinn is brilliant," Maurice said Sunday after his Toronto Marlies edged
the Bulldogs. "Spend just five minutes with him and you'll realize no one has
the breadth of knowledge he has. He has seen so much."

When Maurice was named as head coach of the Leafs' American Hockey League farm
team, the general consensus was that he was being groomed to take over the reins
at some point in the future or in the nearer term if Toronto management soured
on Quinn.

The Marlie coach knows a bit about twisting in the wind. When he coached
Carolina, he was on the firing line frequently.

He took the Hurricanes to the 2002 Stanley Cup but was fired in December of the
next season. But there's not nearly the media pressure on a coach in Carolina as
there is in Toronto, which fancies itself as the epicentre of hockey.

"Pat will be fine," Maurice said.

"He has broad shoulders to handle that kind of thing."

High-tech cam scores support

NBC's goaliecam made its debut Saturday and to good effect based on its limited
use.

The lipstick-tube sized camera was fixed to the helmet of Philadelphia Flyer
goaltender Robert Esche and showed first hand the kind of anarchy a goalie deals
with.

The camera showed what Esche was seeing, fast frames of sticks, skates and puck.

The device also illustrated the limited view a goalie has of shots from the
blueline with players jockeying for position in front of him.

Another innovation was a shift timer which followed Pittsburgh's Sidney Crosby
and Flyers' Simon Gagne. It showed the current shift plus accumulated time.

Sabres look to exploit Leafs

Games to watch for in the next week:

Buffalo at Toronto Thursday -- the forecast could call for more pain for the
Leafs as the speedy Sabres, more properly built for the new NHL, try to exploit
Pat Quinn's slow, ailing outfit.

Montreal at Toronto Saturday -- if misery loves company, this should be a tame
affair. But the traditional rivalry is being rekindled.

Philadelphia at New York Rangers Monday -- the Flyers will try get some more
distance from the Rangers atop the Atlantic division in this clash of styles.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              848 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday

Illinois Couple Indicted for Kidnapping and Transportation of a Minor with
Intent to Engage in Sexual Activity

LENGTH: 626  words


A federal grand jury indicted an Illinois couple on charges of kidnapping and
transportation with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity with a minor,
announced Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice
Department's Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney James A. Lewis of the Central
District of Illinois and Special Agent in Charge Sean Cox of the FBI's
Springfield Division.


"Parents with adopted children who are struggling are all too frequently targets
for those willing to say and do whatever it takes to gain access to those
vulnerable children," said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell. "The Criminal
Division is committed to bringing to justice anyone who seeks to exploit
children and risk their safety. Every child in America deserves a safe home."
"Protecting children is a community responsibility," said U.S. Attorney Lewis.
"Law enforcement relies on the assistance of proactive neighbors, school
officials and parents to protect our kids."
"The FBI is dedicated to the protection of children," said Special Agent in
Charge Cox. "We will continue to use our resources to pursue those who would
exploit them for their own benefit."
Nicole Eason, 37, and Calvin Eason, 46, formerly of Danville and Westville,
Illinois, were charged in an indictment unsealed today with two counts of
kidnapping of a minor and one count of transportation of a minor. They were
previously charged by a criminal complaint and arrested on April 3, 2015, in
Tucson, Arizona. The couple has remained in custody since their arrest.
According to allegations in the criminal complaint, Nicole and Calvin Eason
participated in an online adoption discussion board in 2006 and 2007, and sought
to adopt a child through a process sometimes referred to as private "re-homing."
This practice is often associated with "disrupted" or failed adoptions, when an
adoptive family places their child in another home because the adoptive family
can no longer care for the child.
According to the complaint, the Easons communicated with a minor's parents and
allegedly misrepresented material facts about their background to gain the
parents' trust. The Easons also allegedly lied about having a home study
"waiver," which the parents believed was needed to transfer custody of their
child. Based on the Easons' false misrepresentations, the parents transported
their child across state lines in 2007. Both Nicole and Calvin Eason allegedly
sexually abused the child while he/she was in their custody.  The indictment
further alleges that Nicole and Calvin Eason kidnapped a second minor in the
same manner in 2008. The Easons allegedly transported the second minor across
state lines.
The allegations and charges contained in the complaint and indictment are merely
accusations, and the defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven
guilty.
This case is being investigated by FBI's Springfield Division. The case is being
prosecuted by Trial Attorney Jennifer Toritto Leonardo of the Criminal
Division's Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney
Elly Peirson of the Central District of Illinois.
This case was brought as part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide initiative
to combat the growing epidemic of child sexual exploitation and abuse launched
in May 2006 by the Department of Justice. Led by U.S. Attorneys' Offices and the
Criminal Division's Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section, Project Safe
Childhood marshals federal, state and local resources to better locate,
apprehend and prosecute individuals who exploit children via the Internet, as
well as to identify and rescue victims. For more information about Project Safe
Childhood, please visit www.projectsafechildhood.gov . 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              849 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     September 5, 1996 Thursday 1ST EDITION

Buffaloes, Rams run to daylight Big rushing games on loose Saturday

BYLINE: By Vicki Michaelis, Denver Post Sports Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-01

LENGTH: 717 words

One team is a member of the Western Athletic Conference, with its reputation for
putting gaudy passing statistics in the scorebook. The other team has a
drop-back passer, deep talent at receiver and a head coach with a penchant for
airing it out.

Yet, this week the defensive coordinators at Colorado State and Colorado are
talking tailbacks, a whole lot of tailbacks, enough to play a game of
three-on-three.

Last season CU was so stocked at tailback it decided to run the position by
committee, with three backs sharing time. Those three are back. This season CSU,
in the same sweet quandary, introduced a trio that last Saturday combined for
477 rushing yards.

Running backs could be running the show when CU and CSU meet Saturday in Fort
Collins (7 p.m., ESPN2).

"It is pretty ironic if you think about it, but it all comes down to what you
can exploit in an opposing defense," CU tailback Lendon Henry said.

Colorado State didn't just exploit, it exploded against Tennessee-Chattanooga's
defense last Saturday. Each of the Rams' rushers gained at least 100 yards, with
sophomore Damon Washington finishing with 212 yards.

Sophomore Jaime Blake rushed for 138 yards, and senior Calvin Branch, a transfer
from Iowa State, gained 127 yards on just five carries, a 25.4-yard average.

"Not to downgrade the competition, but they played Tennessee-Chattanooga. When
you play a game like that, you're supposed to gain those types of yards," said
Henry, who rushed for 75 yards against Washington State in the Buffs' opener.

Countered CU linebacker Matt Russell: "I don't care who you played, when you put
those kinds of numbers up, you've got great backs."

The Buffs' defenders have seen great backs, in their conference and on their own
team. Herchell Troutman, the head of last year's rushing committee at CU, led
the Buffs trio with 826 yards in '95. Against CSU, he took a swing pass from Koy
Detmer deep in CU territory and ran 89 yards, to the Rams' 4 yard line.

"Troutman really impresses me," CSU defensive coordinator Larry Kerr said. "He
hits the hole fast and accelerates well."

Kerr compared his acceleration to Washington's, although he added that Troutman,
who finished with 83 yards in the Buffs' opener, has superior strength despite
his inferior height (5-foot-7 to Washington's 5-11).

Still, CU defensive coordinator A.J. Christoff noted: "Their backs are much
bigger than ours. That creates a problem from the physical standpoint."

Branch, like Henry, is a slasher. At the start of spring practice, Branch was a
new transfer and a distinct No. 3 on the depth chart. He found his opening in
two-a-days, when Washington missed time with tendinitis and Blake had a
hamstring pull.

By the start of the season, coaches couldn't - and didn't want to - choose among
the three. So they're trying the time-share plan, a la CU (don't tell them,
though, that the Buffs had the idea first).

Against Tennessee-Chattanooga, they planned to get each back 25 carries.
Washington got only five because he overheated on a 70-yard touchdown run on the
Rams' second play of the game.

Nevertheless, the division of rushing duty might end up more equal than CU had
last year. Troutman got half the carries. Henry and Marlon Barnes split the
other half.

This year, the Buffs have Troutman and Henry in a two-back rotation. Barnes will
be a reserve.

Henry likes the tailback tandem concept more than the tailback trio, saying it
"allows the person that's in to get a sense of security."

On the other hand, 477 yards also can make CSU's coaches feel secure in their
ground game.  Bussey at Michigan CU head coach Rick Neuheisel told the team
yesterday that Tyronee Bussey, a Buff who is fighting leukemia at his home in
Detroit, should be here next weekend for the Michigan game.

Neuheisel's friend Brad Caulkins is donating use of his private plane to pick up
Bussey and his family in Michigan. The plan is for them to arrive Thursday and
leave Sunday.

"My hope is that (Tyronee) will be on the sidelines in a jersey for the Michigan
game," Neuheisel said.  Injury report Starting left guard Kyle Smith (lower back
strain) returned to practice yesterday    Barnes injured his back while
weightlifting Tuesday and is day-to-day.

Natalie Meisler contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 05, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The Denver Post/John Leyba Herchell Troutman impresses CSU
defensive coordinator Larry Kerr, 'He hits the hole fast and accelerates
well.'Herchell Troutman, just 5-foot-7, led the Buffs with 83 yards in the
opener.

                        Copyright 1996 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              850 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 12, 1992, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Schools Growing Harsher In Scrutiny of Columbus

BYLINE: By SAM DILLON

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 1403 words


Even at Christopher Columbus High School in the Bronx, where the choir still
sings the Italian national anthem at gatherings, the Great Navigator is under
revisionist siege.

Though Columbus's bust still gazes proudly from a school pedestal, in its
classrooms he is a tarnished figure who blundered into the New World and made a
hash of its exploration. Compared with that at many schools, though, the
treatment is fairly generous.

On the 500th anniversary of his landfall in the New World, students across New
York and the nation are learning everything from skepticism to contempt for the
explorer's exploits. At a Brooklyn high school last week, a 17-year-old debater
pilloried Columbus as a pitiful fraud who cheated his sailors and lied about his
discoveries.

A Mock Trial

Fourth-grade students at a private school in Greenwich Village rehearsed a play
mocking Columbus as a bewildered fool obsessed by gold. In Scarsdale, N.Y., a
jury of seventh-grade students voted 4-1 to declare Columbus a villain after a
mock trial.

One history book popular this year in some area high schools portrays Columbus
as a Renaissance Darth Vader who ushered in five centuries of imperialism by
enslaving, raping and butchering the native Caribs who greeted his 1492 voyage.

"With Columbus, revisionism has carried the day," said Gilbert Sewall, director
of the American Textbook Council, a New York-based group that reviews
educational curricula. "Columbus has undergone what is perhaps the most dramatic
reworking of any major historical figure in memory."

The assault on Columbus began in the 1970's, Mr. Sewall said, with new
scholarship partly motivated by mounting interest in multicultural thinking. The
debate both inside and outside schools has accelerated in the years leading up
to the quincentenary; on Friday, a major revisionist Columbus film, "1492:
Conquest of Paradise," opened in New York.

Today, all of America's leading high school history texts give the explorer's
many failings equal billing with his accomplishments, Mr. Sewall said.

The quincentenary attacks have ignited a reaction from some indignant Columbian
loyalists. One of the most vocal is William E. Simon, the former Treasury
Secretary, who is scheduled to deliver a speech today at Adelphi University on
Long Island. The speech is billed as a counter to the "Columbus bashing in the
news today."

"The arrival of this glorious anniversary in the greatest democracy in the
history of the world finds Columbus under siege and America divided," Mr. Simon
said in an advance text of the speech.

According to the revisionists, Columbus "was a villain, a kind of seagoing
Genghis Khan," Mr. Simon said in the speech. But "Columbus was above all a man
of deep faith. . . . He changed the fate of the whole world forever. And he
changed it for the better."

Adelphi's president, Peter Diamandopoulos, who invited Mr. Simon to deliver the
address, said that Columbus remains "the hero of all heroes," despite his
failings.

The loyalists appear to be losing ground, however. Tonya Frichner, an Onandaga
Indian lawyer who addressed 750 elementary and high school students on Friday at
Aaron Davis Hall in Harlem about Columbus's often brutal treatment of Indians,
said she had been encouraged by the acceptance she found for her critical views
during months of lecturing.

Textbooks have played an important role in the changing perceptions. Daniel
Boorstin's 1986 "History of the United States" -- one of the more traditional of
the mass market high school texts, Mr. Sewall said -- refers to Columbus as a
"true leader," but also notes that Native Americans suffered after Columbus's
landfall.

Atrocities Recounted

"For some it meant the end of their Native American civilization," the book
says. "For some it meant slavery. For nearly all of them Europeans brought
shock, disease and change."

At the other end of the spectrum is "Columbus: His Enterprise -- Exploding the
Myth," by Hans Koning, a Dutch-born novelist. The book, which has been assigned
to students at several schools in the New York region, calls Columbus's first
Atlantic crossing a "drama of the murderer coming ever closer to his victims."

Columbus and his men seized Caribbean women as "sex slaves," sent attack dogs to
maul naked Indians, and disemboweled other natives who resisted conquest, the
book says. During Columbus's second voyage, the book reports, Columbus rounded
up 1,500 Arawak Indians and shipped 500 to Spain, where 300 were sold into
slavery. The other 200 died along the way, according to the book, which is
published by the Monthly Review Press.

The Koning book was assigned to students participating in the Native American
Education Program, a federally financed agency that offers supplementary classes
to American Indians attending the city's public schools.

Stephanie Betancourt, a Seneca Indian who is a coordinator of the program, said:
"For Native Americans, every Columbus Day is like salt in our wounds. These are
days of mourning."

The Koning text was also required reading at Polytechnic Preparatory Country Day
School in the Bay Ridge section of Brooklyn. Teachers, hoping to force students
into developing their critical skills by analyzing a controversial text, urged
students to read the book with a skeptical eye. But its lurid passages provided
seniors with plenty of ammunition for anti-Columbus barrages during a debate on
Friday.

"Columbus the great navigator wanted to go to India, landed near Cuba and
mistook it for Japan," jeered Larksham Guttikonda, a 17-year-old senior. Later
Stephane Clare, the captain of the school's debate team, assumed Columbus's
ticklish defense to the hoots of a rowdy crowd.

"No one is saying that Columbus did not commit atrocities," Miss Clare answered.
"It might be frightening, but he was an example of everything that is the
American ideal. He was an adventurer, he was an explorer, he was a breaker of
new ground."

'1992 Moral Judgments'

After the debate Miss Clare said, "We shouldn't be putting our 1992 moral
judgments on Columbus. He should be taught as a great man who committed
atrocities."

At the Middle School in Scarsdale, a retelling of those atrocities tipped the
scales against Columbus during a "teach-in" last week. Some students argued that
Columbus had shown courage in his explorations, said Len Tallevi, the head of
the school's social studies department. But after "students brought out that
some Indians were hanged and burned alive," a seventh-grade jury convicted the
explorer as a villain, Mr. Tallevi said.

At the privately run Little Red Schoolhouse in Greenwich Village, 9-year-old
Carlos Heim played Columbus in a class skit last week written by a parent. "We
need gold!" Carlos shouted during a rehearsal. "Find us more gold! I have
claimed this land for the profit and glory of Spain!"

Other fourth-grade actors, playing Indians, shouted back at Columbus: "We
already had languages, ideas and religions. We did not ask for new ones."

Despite the revisionist wave, Columbus's heroism remains a central theme in some
schools, and students like 11-year-old Simone Mazyack, who attends Public School
125 in Harlem and is of Jamaican and Puerto Rican descent, still speak with
old-fashioned admiration for the explorer.

"If Columbus hadn't made the sail," she said, "there wouldn't be this many
buildings, because the Indians wouldn't have this much technology and it would
still be mostly grass."

But Simone's sixth-grade teacher, Cathy Connors, urged her class to consider
African contributions to the New World by having them read from a book, "They
Came Before Columbus," written by a black scholar, Ivan Van Sertima. The book
argues that African navigators sailed to the Caribbean before Columbus.

At Christopher Columbus High School, the re-evaluation of its namesake has been
fueled by increased ethnic diversity in the student body. The school got its
name at its 1939 inaugural, when Fiorello H. La Guardia was Mayor and the
school's Pelham Parkway neighborhood was overwhelmingly Italian and Jewish.
Today its 3,604 students are 42 percent Hispanic, 22 percent black, and 10
percent Asian.

Howard Feldman, assistant principal for social studies, said the school's
teaching had moved away from a "Eurocentric" view of its namesake, with
increased emphasis on the cultures the 15th-century intruders smashed.


LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: In classrooms throughout the nation, students are now learning
skepticism for the exploits of Christopher Columbus. Stephane Clare, the captain
of the debate team at Polytechnic Preparatory Country Day School in Bay Ridge,
Brooklyn, argued for Columbus during a debate at the school on Friday. (Rebecca
Cooney for The New York Times) (pg. B7)

Chart: "Two Views of 1492"

The way Columbus's story used to be told:

"At last the rulers of Spain gave Columbus three small ships, and he sailed away
to the west across the Atlantic Ocean. His sailors became frightened. They were
sure the ships would come to the edge of the world and just fall off into space.
The sailors were ready to throw their captain into the ocean and turn around and
go back. Then, at least they all saw the land ahead. They saw low green shores
with tall palm trees swaying in the wind. Columbus had found the New World. This
happened on October 12, 1492. It was a great day for Christopher Columbus -- and
for the whole world as well."

From 'My Country," by Merlin M. Ames, elementary school textbook published by
California State Department of Education elementary, 1947.


Recent U.S. history texts broaden the account:

"When Columbus stepped ashore on Guanahani Island in October 1492, he planted
the Spanish flag in the sand and claimed the land as a possession of Ferdinand
and Isabella. He did so despite the obvious fact that the island already
belonged to someone else -- the 'Indians' who gathered on the beach to gaze with
wonder at the strangers who had suddenly arrived in three great, white-winged
canoes. He gave no thought to the rights of the local inhabitants. Nearly every
later explorer -- French, English, Dutch and all the others as well as the
Spanish -- thoughtlessly dismissed the people they encountered. What we like to
think of as the discovery of America was actually the invasion and conquest of
America."

From 'The Story of America,' by John A. Garraty, Holt, Rinehart and Winston,
Inc. Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, Inc. 1991. (pg. B7)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company

                              851 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 20, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

What to Watch

SECTION: TV Week; Y04

LENGTH: 732 words


SUNDAY

The Poseidon Adventure

8 p.m. on NBC

A storm-tossed luxury liner is the target of a bomb in this remake of the 1972
theatrical adventure film.

The S.S. Poseidon leaves Cape Town, South Africa, with 2,500 passengers,
including a Homeland Security agent (Adam Baldwin) and a terrorist (Peter
Butler). As passengers toast the new year, a bomb rips through the ship,
capsizing it and leaving terrified survivors to make their way in an upside-down
vessel.

The cast includes Steve Guttenberg, Bryan Brown, Peter Weller, Alex Kingston and
Sylvia Syms in a role made famous by Shelley Winters.

Explorer: Nightmare In Jamestown

8 p.m. on National Geographic

The Thanksgiving Day celebration has its roots in the settlement of the colony
at Plymouth, Mass.  --  but more than a decade earlier, English settlers had
established a colony at Jamestown, with a much different outcome.

Archaeologists and forensic experts have unearthed evidence of murder,
starvation and disease  --  along with a mysterious hero  --  at the colony
established in Virginia in 1607. This documentary looks at modern-day clues to
what life was like in the 17th-century English colony.

Earth To America!

8 p.m. on TBS

A collection of comedians, from Will Ferrell to Wanda Sykes, will play for
laughs about a serious topic. Taped in Las Vegas, this two-hour show spotlights
environmental awareness with satire, sketches and stand-up routines from Tom
Hanks, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Steve Martin, Ray Romano, Robin Williams and others.

TUESDAY

2005 American Music Awards

8 p.m. on ABC

Mick Jagger and the Rolling Stones are scheduled to perform live as part of this
annual salute to the best of contemporary music. Twenty-one awards in eight
music categories will be presented to winners chosen by the public. Cedric the
Entertainer hosts the three-hour show, airing live from the Shrine Auditorium in
Los Angeles.

Nova: The Storm That Drowned A City

8 p.m. on PBS

The fury of Hurricane Katrina is the focus of this new documentary, which
explores how the flood defenses and relief planning of New Orleans were not
enough to withstand the storm. "Frontline: The Storm" follows at 9 p.m.,
examining the local and federal response that failed to keep up with the storm's
impact and aftermath.

I'm King Kong! The Exploits Of Merian C. Cooper

8 p.m. on TCM

Trek through Hollywood history and into the life of Merian C. Cooper, the
producer whose giant gorilla terrorized New York. Cooper, a real-life
adventurer, discovered that his off-screen exploits provided the energy that
brought his films to life. Showings of "King Kong" (1933) and "Mighty Joe Young"
(1949) follow the documentary.

WEDNESDAY

Kenny Chesney: Somewhere In The Sun

8 p.m. on ABC

A wintertime retreat to a tropical island is something most of us can only
fantasize about, but it's the real deal for Kenny Chesney. His paradise site  --
"somewhere in the Caribbean" is as specific as it gets  --  is his escape
between concerts and studio sessions. On this special, Chesney performs some of
his hits, including "Young," "When the Sun Goes Down" and "There Goes My Life."

The program also includes segments from Chesney's July concert tour, both behind
the scenes and on stage.

Faith Hill: Fireflies

9 p.m. on NBC

Three of Hill's concerts are showcased in a special that also includes a session
with her favorite songwriters. Hill performs her recent hit "Mississippi Girl,"
which she calls "an autobiographical song that was not written by me." (John
Rich of Big & Rich and Adam Shoenfeld wrote it.)

SATURDAY

Animal Planet Heroes: Hurricane Reunions

8 p.m. on Animal Planet

Emotional reunions are at the heart of this program, which follows the stories
of several owners who had to leave their pets behind, how they found each other,
and the rescuers and shelter workers who made the reunions possible.

The Reading Room

9 p.m. on Hallmark

A storefront reading room, complete with popular magazines and a soda machine
that dispenses free beverages, is the legacy of William Campbell's late wife,
Helen.

At her behest, Campbell, played by James Earl Jones, establishes the room in a
struggling neighborhood, hoping to inspire literacy and dignity. Instead he is
mugged, and he weathers break-ins and warnings to shut down.

But Campbell stubbornly keeps the reading room open and seeks acceptance in the
community.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post

                              852 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                               May 9, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

our ENERGY POLICY is TILTING at WINDMILLS

BYLINE: Frederick Forsyth

SECTION: NEWS; OPINION, COLUMNS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 319 words


IT HAS not been a very good spring so far for the climate change warriors. A few
years back the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (the IPCC, a UN body)
urged all right thinkers to cut back on gas and oil, not to mention horrible old
King Coal, by switching to burning wood and other biofuels. Britain of course
immediately obeyed.

The giant power generator Drax in Yorkshire switched from coal to wooden pellets
shipped from the USA. This meant that valuable primal forests were cut down at
enormous expense of energy (chainsaws, long-haul trucks etc), ground to sawdust
(more energy) and shipped to the UK (even more energy via ship fuel pumped into
the atmosphere). Now it seems wood pellets cause more pollution and CO2 than
coal.

So it appears that the vaunted biofuels do more harm than good, apart from using
up huge acreages that could grow food for the starving. The latest report
(another change of mind) tells us that shale gas is after all a blessing because
it is low on CO2 and fracking should be encouraged.

So much for all the eco-freaks who have been marching and demonstrating round
our few efforts to trace and exploit the oceans of shale gas beneath our feet.

In other words none of them seems to know what they are talking about. First it
is "use biofuels" now it is "denounce biofuels". Then it was "shale gas is
dangerous" now "exploit all the shale gas you have".

Unsaid but also true is that everything from the famous Kyoto Protocol of 1997
proposed to save the world has been revealed as mumbo-jumbo. The USA, which
refused to sign Kyoto to worldwide denunciation, went ahead with fracking and
has since not only turned around her economy through cheap home-sourced energy
but also reduced her CO2 output as well.

The EU, which swallowed Kyoto hook, line and sinker, has been ordering its
members down the wrong road. And that includes us, led by our demented Energy
Secretary Ed Davey.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2014 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              853 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             August 17, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Studies explore tumors' nature

BYLINE: By Tom Corwin Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 503 words


Cancerous tumors exploit a natural process to hide from the body's immune
system, which would otherwise destroy them.

Medical College of Georgia researchers who discovered this quirk also have a
drug that might reverse it, which next month could be tried on people for the
first time.

MCG researchers David Munn and Andrew Mellor garnered international attention in
1998 when their paper in the journal Science showed how a developing fetus,
which contains foreign genetic material, is protected from the mother's immune
system. They isolated a chemical called indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase that created
a local immune suppression by degrading the tryptophan that killer T cells need
to operate. They also found that tumors exploit the same chemical to create
tolerance for themselves within the immune system.

In their latest paper, published today in The Journal of Clinical Investigation,
the MCG researchers found that IDO can activate another known mechanism for
creating tolerance within the immune system, called regulatory T cells.

It is only recently that researchers have truly begun to understand the role
these cells play in the body, Dr. Munn said.

In a study published in February in the journal Nature Immunology, researchers
at the University of Washington found that mice whose regulatory T cells, or
Tregs, were removed or knocked out developed "catastrophic autoimmunity" in
which the body's immune system turned on itself.

"These Tregs must be constantly monitoring the immune system and preventing it
from activating and responding to your own cells and also to harmless foreign
substance," Dr. Munn said. "The tumor is just hijacking a system that has long
been doing its appropriate job of keeping your immune system from overreacting."

Collaborators at Moffitt Cancer Center and Research Unit in Tampa will begin
phase I trials on the drug that negates IDO as early as next month to determine
toxicity and dosage, Dr. Munn said.

Because MCG is not yet set up to do those early trials, it will join in on the
next phase of the clinical research. A new Comprehensive Cancer Center at MCG
and the leadership of its director, Dr. Kapil N. Bhalla, should soon change
that, Dr. Munn said.

"It's a priority for me to be able to offer these (clinical trials) to patients
in Georgia," he said.

Most likely, the IDO drug would be used in combination with chemotherapy but the
latest MCG paper adds another possibility.

The researchers also found IDO was linked to a few other known mechanisms for
creating immune system tolerance. All of those other mechanisms have drugs that
have been developed to exploit them that are now poised to or have entered
clinical trials.

That sets up the possibility of future multi-drug combinations and
collaborations that could further benefit Georgia patients, Dr. Munn said.

"I think that we have the opportunity to put together combinations that you
might not expect to be first tried out in Augusta, Ga.," he said.

Reach Tom Corwin at (706) 823-3213

or tom.corwin@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              854 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Computerworld

                                  May 18, 2006

Desktop Defenses;
Network- and server-based intrusion prevention may still be necessary, but
companies are moving IPS down to the desktop level for better protection.

BYLINE: Drew Robb

SECTION: SECURITY; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 1321 words


Patching is supposed to secure your organization from the latest batch of
malicious code. But try telling that to the state of Alaska 's IT department.
Staffers were working diligently to stay up-to-date on patching, despite the
sheer size of the territory they serve and the limited bandwidth available in
remote areas. But what if no patches existed?

"We were expending a huge amount of effort cleaning up the infections in our
machines," says Darrel Davis, chief security officer for the state. "Some
exploits were out there yet no patches were available."

Like a growing number of IT security managers, to address those problems, Davis
deployed host-based intrusion-prevention system (HIPS) software on 19,000
desktops scattered throughout the state. This relatively immature technology
brings the concept of defense right to the desktop. Its definition hasn't been
settled upon, however, and several vendors advocate very different approaches
(see story, next page).

At this point, no one knows if HIPS will do away with the need for the
traditional security perimeter or become just one more element of an
ever-expanding security arsenal. Is it the answer to so-called zero-day attacks
- those incursions that exploit vulnerabilities not yet known to security
professionals? At a practical level, what kind of HIPS tool is best?

"Desktop HIPS is still evolving rapidly," says Natalie Lambert, an analyst at
Forrester Research Inc. in Cambridge, Mass. "The ultimate point we are heading
toward is to prevent all zero-day attacks. But no vendor is there quite yet."

Catching Fire

A year ago, the hot debate in security was how intrusion-detection systems (IDS)
were giving way to the broader concept of intrusion-prevention systems (IPS). At
that time, network-based IPS was all the rage, whereas HIPS had an estimated 1%
market-penetration rate, according to Gartner Inc. in Stamford, Conn.

But new attack routes into the enterprise - such as the recent Windows Metafile
(WMF) vulnerability - have forced IT organizations to rethink their tactics. In
a recent Forrester survey of 150 enterprise technology decision-makers, 28% of
respondents said they plan to purchase desktop HIPS during the course of the
year, says Lambert.

Alaska, however, is ahead of the game. It is most of the way through an
implementation of Cisco Security Agent (CSA) from Cisco Systems Inc. Along with
the 19,000 desktops - primarily Windows-based ones, with a few Linux and
Macintosh systems - CSA also protects about 2,000 servers across dozens of data
centers.

"We needed something to protect our desktops and buy us additional time to
deploy patches," says Davis. "Our major selection criterion was that the tool
had to be heuristics- not signature-based, so that it would analyze behavior
with no need to download signatures."

CSA never needs updating, and Davis reports no trouble at all from recent
exploits such as the Zotob worm. Software like CSA watches for behavior that
would indicate spyware activity, such as a program opening a file in a temporary
folder. It intercepts system calls between applications and the operating
system, correlates them, compares the calls against a set of behavioral rules
and decides whether to allow the action.

But that is by no means the only way such tools operate. Most include several
functions: In addition to host intrusion prevention, they can incorporate adware
protection, protection against buffer-overflow attacks, firewalling, various
forms of system hardening, malicious mobile-code protection and even
signature-based modules.

"HIPS includes a variety of approaches," says Lambert. "Everybody defines it
differently."

For example,

Stonehill College in Easton, Mass., deploys a tool that combines behavioral
analysis with a signature defense. Proventia Desktop from Internet Security
Systems Inc. (ISS) in Atlanta is used on about 2,500 seats campuswide, most of
which are student laptops - 95% run Microsoft Windows XP and the rest are
MacÂ­intoshes.

Stonehill CIO Gary Hammon tried his best with antivirus software and the Windows
Update program. But the Wild West of campus computing rendered his efforts
useless.

"Some colleges have attempted to dictate to their students, but you really can't
control what they put on their laptops," says Hammon.

During the Blaster attack a couple of years ago, student computer infections
reached epidemic proportions. IT had to shut off access from residence halls in
order to protect the institutional systems. At that time, the college
distributed CDs containing removal tools to students. These days, students have
to register to get on the network and then download Proventia.

"Problems such as the WMF vulnerability have been a nonissue on campus," says
Hammon. "If an infected computer is doing port scans or transmitting worms, we
work with the individual or shut it off."

There are some similarities between CSA and Proventia, but the latter also
includes regular updates - primarily for intrusion prevention but sometimes also
for virus prevention. Unlike virus signatures, though, they need to be delivered
only about once a month. Proventia also includes a firewall, buffer-overflow
prevention and application controls.

Start-up Alternatives

But there are more than one or two ways to deliver HIPS. PivX Solutions Inc. in
Newport Beach, Calif., is based around a team of security experts who discover
potential exploits and devise fixes before anyone even discovers the
vulnerability. Like Proventia, it sends updates to users over the Web. This
could be characterized as a hybrid form of system hardening.

Another start-up, Trlokom Inc. in Monrovia, Calif., has come out with a
variation on traditional behavioral analysis. Instead of constantly scanning and
analyzing every system call and application as CSA does, its SpyWall software
zeroes in on the primary avenue of attack - via Web browser.

For example, SpyWall blocked the latest Internet Explorer createTextÂ­Range
zero-day exploit without using any signatures. It does this by using a sandbox
to isolate the browser from the rest of the desktop. Untrusted programs can be
safely run in the sandbox, thereby restricting the interaction the browser has
with the system. Any damage is contained, analyzed and eradicated.

One user of Trlokom is Chun Yu Works & Co. in Taiwan, a major producer of nuts
and bolts that has a large manufacturing facility in Chino, Calif. It is an IBM
RS/6000 shop using Windows PCs at the desktop level. Desktop infections were
devouring IT staff hours.

"After we put in SpyWall, we didn't get any more infections for six months,"
says Robert Wong, network administrator. Chan Yu Works' experience suggests that
HIPS is the next evolutionary step in network security.

First came enterprise-class antiÂ­virus tools and then firewalls, IDS and
spyware protection. But with each advance, attackers managed to outwit the
defenses. Antivirus and spyware technology now appear to be morphing into
back-line defenses, which are used to mop up employee goofs and safeguard
against known threats. HIPS, on the other hand, is a new kind of front-line
battlement to block the latest wave of threats.

That's why the likes of Symantec Corp. , CA Inc. and Cisco are gobbling up
desktop HIPS vendors: Symantec bought ManHunt, ISS acquired BlackICE, Cisco
bought Okena, and CA now owns Tiny Software Inc. The next major release of CA
Integrated Threat Management will include a firewall and HIPS. McAfee Inc. has
put HIPS functionality into a suite, including antiÂ­virus and antispyware
technology.

"In the long run, desktop HIPS will be absorbed by antivirus/spyware into one
large client security suite," says Greg Shipley, chief technology officer at
Neohapsis Inc., a security consulting firm in Chicago. "You'll have a single
agent on the desktop that includes a personal firewall, HIPS, antivirus and
spyware protection." w

Robb is a Computerworld contributing writer in Los Angeles.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Computerworld, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              855 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            December 30, 2013 Monday

Report: NSA intercepts computer deliveries

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 828 words


A German magazine lifted the lid on the operations of the National Security
Agency"s hacking unit Sunday, reporting that American spies intercept computer
deliveries, exploit hardware vulnerabilities, and even hijack Microsoft"s
internal reporting system to spy on their targets.

Der Spiegel"s revelations relate to a division of the NSA known as Tailored
Access Operations, or TAO, which is painted as an elite team of hackers
specializing in stealing data from the toughest of targets.

Citing internal NSA documents, the magazine said Sunday that TAO"s mission was
"Getting the ungettable," and quoted an unnamed intelligence official as saying
that TAO had gathered "some of the most significant intelligence our country has
ever seen."

Der Spiegel said TAO had a catalog of high-tech gadgets for particularly
hard-to-crack cases, including computer monitor cables specially modified to
record what is being typed across the screen, USB sticks secretly fitted with
radio transmitters to broadcast stolen data over the airwaves, and fake base
stations intended to intercept mobile phone signals on the go.

The NSA doesn"t just rely on James Bond-style spy gear, the magazine said. Some
of the attacks described by Der Spiegel exploit weaknesses in the architecture
of the Internet to deliver malicious software to specific computers. Others take
advantage of weaknesses in hardware or software distributed by some of the
world"s leading information technology companies, including Cisco Systems, Inc.
and China"s Huawei Technologies Ltd., the magazine reported.

Der Spiegel cited a 2008 mail order catalog-style list of vulnerabilities that
NSA spies could exploit from companies such as Irvine, California-based Western
Digital Corp. or Round Rock, Texas-based Dell Inc. The magazine said that
suggested the agency was "compromising the technology and products of American
companies."

Old-fashioned methods get a mention too. Der Spiegel said that if the NSA
tracked a target ordering a new computer or other electronic accessories, TAO
could tap its allies in the FBI and the CIA, intercept the hardware in transit,
and take it to a secret workshop where it could be discretely fitted with
espionage software before being sent on its way.

Intercepting computer equipment in such a way is among the NSA"s "most
productive operations," and has helped harvest intelligence from around the
world, one document cited by Der Spiegel stated.

One of the most striking reported revelations concerned the NSA"s alleged
ability to spy on Microsoft Corp."s crash reports, familiar to many users of the
Windows operating system as the dialogue box which pops up when a game freezes
or a Word document dies. The reporting system is intended to help Microsoft
engineers improve their products and fix bugs, but Der Spiegel said the NSA was
also sifting through the reports to help spies break into machines running
Windows. One NSA document cited by the magazine appeared to poke fun at
Microsoft"s expense, replacing the software giant"s standard error report
message with the words: "This information may be intercepted by a foreign sigint
(signals intelligence) system to gather detailed information and better exploit
your machine."

Microsoft said that information sent by customers about technical issues in such
a manner is limited.

"Microsoft does not provide any government with direct or unfettered access to
our customer"s data," a company representative said in an email Sunday. "We
would have significant concerns if the allegations about government actions are
true."

Microsoft is one of several U.S. firms that have demanded more transparency from
the NSA and worked to bolster their security in the wake of the revelations of
former intelligence worker Edward Snowden, whose disclosures have ignited an
international debate over privacy and surveillance.

Der Spiegel did not explicitly say where its cache NSA documents had come from,
although the magazine has previously published a series of stories based on
documents leaked by Snowden, and one of Snowden"s key contacts American
documentary filmmaker Laura Poitras was listed among the article"s six authors.

No one was immediately available at Der Spiegel to clarify whether Snowden was
the source for the latest story.

Another company mentioned by Der Spiegel, though not directly linked with any
NSA activity, was Juniper Networks Inc., a computer network equipment maker in
Sunnyvale, Calif.

"Juniper Networks recently became aware of, and is currently investigating,
alleged security compromises of technology products made by a number of
companies, including Juniper," the company said in an email. "We take
allegations of this nature very seriously and are working actively to address
any possible exploit paths."

If necessary, Juniper said, it would, "work closely with customers to ensure
they take any mitigation steps."

___

Geir Moulson contributed to this report from Berlin. Ryan Nakashima contributed
from Los Angeles.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              856 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           February 22, 1996 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Fear and loathing on the Buchanan campaign trail

BYLINE: BRUCE C. WOLPE Bruce C.Wolpe is senior consultant for public affairs
with Hill and Knowlton in Sydney

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 849 words


Pat Buchanan's win in the New Hampshire primary should not cause alarm - in the
end, he doesn't stand a chance, writes BRUCE C. WOLPE

FOREIGN correspondents were in the midst of the media scrums surrounding Pat
Buchanan in the final days of his triumphant march through New Hampshire. It
takes a pundit to use the media best. To the Japanese journalists he would say:
"Tell Mr Hashimoto it won't be business as usual when I'm president." And to
other foreign journalists in his way: "Thanks for the question, but are there
any American reporters around here?" And he would chuckle through his
xenophobia.

The reality of Pat Buchanan's victory yesterday over Senator Bob Dole of Kansas,
the stalwart of the Republican establishment, will now cause real alarm in
capitals around the world - from Mexico to Japan and everywhere in between.

Make no mistake: Pat Buchanan is an isolationist, a self-proclaimed America
Firster, and a protectionist on trade. He has also acquiesced and tolerated, if
not affirmatively supported, individuals and sentiments that many believe are
racist.

But Australia should not make a mistake of over-reacting as this political
theatre unfolds. Pat Buchanan cannot win the Republican nomination, nor can he
be elected President of the United States.

He will be defeated by a fellow Republican and his ideas will be discredited and
placed decisively outside the mainstream of American political debate.

Although Buchanan won a plurality of the votes in a nine-person field, he was
still outvoted by almost four to one. And that is about the extent of
protectionist and isolationist sentiment in the Republican Party as a whole.

Ross Perot held similar views - particularly in voicing bitter antagonism
against the global free trade deals, the North American Free Trade Agreement
(NAFTA) and the WTO treaty. He attracted 19 per cent of the vote for president
in 1992 from disaffected Republicans and Democrats.

It was the largest showing by an independent since Theodore Roosevelt early this
century, but he was still soundly thrashed. Perot did not carry any State in the
electoral college.

The Buchanan phenomenon is comprised of several elements. He stands for the
undiluted religious conservative agenda on abortion; there is no equivocation in
right to life for Buchanan. (Democratic congressman Barney Frank has observed,
"Conservative Republicans believe the right to life begins at conception and
ends at birth").

Buchanan has also tapped into the anxiety felt among the white middle class that
is struggling with job security - the victims of "downsizing" in this decade in
the aftermath of the excesses of the '80s.

He focuses on the free trade deals - the export of jobs and the imports of
foreign goods, and the decline in real income - as the wedge to exploit the
uncertainty so many face.

Together with a social agenda that exploits anger at the decay of bedrock
institutions, such as the schools, and the civil environment, as with crime and
violence, a potent brew of fear and loathing stirs in the Buchanan cauldron.
What Buchanan has exposed is this raw nerve of economic insecurity. What the
rest of the Republican field - and President Bill Clinton - will do is respond
by affirming their own more positive values and programs.

Too many votes have been taken in the Congress on too many free trade agreements
for the leadership of either the Republican or Democratic parties to retreat in
the face of the Buchanan guerilla attack.

To be sure, the left wing of the Democratic Party has also voiced protectionist
sentiments on the free trade deals. But because President Clinton stood firm,
those voices were muted and are not either a silent majority of the party or
acceptable policy.

Nevertheless the challenge now falls on all the other candidates to articulate
to the American people, and the world, why the country's prosperity, and global
economic growth, depend on a progressive and liberalised economic trading
regime.

Notwithstanding the recent slowing of the US economy, continued export growth,
new investments, and a narrower trade deficit make winners of America and her
trading partners. This applies to the high tech and services so favoured by
Democrats and, for Bob Dole's Kansas, the agriculture exports that are needed to
cushion the cuts that are coming in farm subsidies.

What both parties will emphasise is greater corporate "responsibility" in not
slashing workforces, and proposals to provide tax incentives to retain employees
and retrain them for future jobs.

Pat Buchanan, though loud and pugnacious, is not "a fireball in the night" that
signals a traumatic upheaval in American politics.

But none can be indifferent to who he is and what he stands for - and the threat
his ideas pose to democracy and civility.

From time to time it takes the appearance of a threat to relearn important
lessons about the central values of something as precious and magnificent as
American democracy.

The dean of American political reporters, David Broder, wrote a few years ago:
"Liberty is a muscle that needs to be exercised."

Pat Buchanan won't stand a chance.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1996 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              857 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Valdosta Daily Times (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

EDITORIAL: Scammers exploit South Carolina flood tragedy

BYLINE: The Valdosta Daily Times, Ga.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 562 words


Oct. 16--As we have observed previously, we live in a very generous community.

Tragedy brings out the best in the human spirit and the people of our region
demonstrate that time and time again when tragedies occur.

We have all been touched by the devastation in South Carolina following
torrential rains and widespread flooding.

However, once again unscrupulous scammers are preying on well-meaning, generous
families who just want to help.

The Better Business Bureau warns as South Carolina works to overcome the
aftermath of the historic and devastating flood that has impacted many homes and
communities not all solicitations for assistance are legitimate.

"The pictures out of South Carolina are heartbreaking," said H. Art Taylor,
president and CEO of the BBB Wise Giving Alliance, "but donors need to be
mindful of some basic advice about supporting disaster relief so that their
gifts get to those who need them most."

The BBB issued these words of advice:

--Be cautious when giving online. Be cautious about spam messages and emails
that claim to link to a relief organization. If you want to give to a charity
involved in relief efforts, go directly to the charity's website. Following
Hurricane Katrina and the earthquake in Haiti, the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and others raised concerns about websites and new organizations
that were created overnight, allegedly to help victims.

--Rely on expert opinions when it comes to evaluating a charity. Be cautious
when relying on third-party recommendations such as bloggers or other websites,
as they may not have fully researched the relief organizations they list. The
public can go to Give.org to research relief organizations and other charities
to verify that they are accredited by BBB which means they meet the 20 Standards
for Charity Accountability.

--Be wary of claims that 100 percent of donations will assist relief victims.
Despite what an organization might claim, charities have fund-raising and
administrative costs. Even a credit card donation will involve, at a minimum, a
processing fee. If a charity claims 100 percent of collected funds will be
assisting disaster victims, the truth is that the organization is still probably
incurring fund-raising and administrative expenses. It may use some of its other
funds to pay these costs, but the expenses will still be incurred.

--Find out if the charity is providing direct aid or raising money for other
groups. Some charities may be raising money to pass along to relief
organizations. If so, you may want to consider "avoiding the middleman" and
giving directly to those that have a presence in the region. Or, at a minimum,
check out the ultimate recipients of these donations to see whether they are
equipped to provide aid effectively.

The BBB Wise Giving Alliance added, "Gifts of clothing, food or other in-kind
donations. In-kind drives for food and clothing, while well intentioned, may not
necessarily be the quickest way to help those in need -- unless the organization
has the staff and infrastructure to distribute such aid properly. Ask the
charity about its transportation and distribution plans. Be wary of those who
are not experienced in disaster relief assistance."

___ (c)2015 The Valdosta Daily Times (Valdosta, Ga.) Visit The Valdosta Daily
Times (Valdosta, Ga.) at www.valdostadailytimes.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151016-VD-EDITORIAL-Scammers-exploit
-South-Carolina-flood-tragedy-1016-20151016

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VD


                    Copyright 2015 The Valdosta Daily Times

                              858 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

The rush for the Arctic's riches

BYLINE: MICHAEL T. KLARE

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1105 words

DATELINE: AMHERST, Mass.

ABSTRACT

It is essential that tough constraints be placed on Arctic drilling and that
steps be taken to reduce tensions in the region.

FULL TEXT

While many existing oil and gas reserves in other parts of the world are facing
steep decline, the Arctic is thought to possess vast untapped reservoirs.
Approximately 13 percent of the world's undiscovered oil deposits and 30 percent
of its natural gas reserves are above the Arctic Circle, according to the United
States Geological Survey. Eager to tap into this largess, Russia and its Arctic
neighbors - Canada, Norway, the United States, Iceland and Denmark (by virtue of
its authority over Greenland) - have encouraged energy companies to drill in the
region.

For Russia, which recently seized a Greenpeace ship and is prosecuting 30 of the
group's activists for attempting to scale an oil platform, the temptation to
exploit the Arctic Ocean is especially powerful. Russia's economy is heavily
dependent on exports of oil and gas, and the government relies on these sales
for much of its income. Until recently, the Russians could draw on reservoirs in
western Siberia, but now, with many of these fields in decline, they are
counting on Arctic supplies to maintain current production levels. ''Our first
and main task is to turn the Arctic into Russia's resource base of the 21st
century,'' Dmitri Medvedev, then the president, declared in 2008.

The Russians have explored drilling options in several offshore areas of the
Arctic. In the Pechora Sea, above northwestern Siberia, the Russian energy giant
Gazprom has installed its Prirazlomnaya platform - the one protesting Greenpeace
activists attempted to board. Further east, in the Kara Sea, the state-owned
Rosneft is collaborating with ExxonMobil to develop several promising deposits;
Rosneft has also teamed up with Statoil of Norway and Eni of Italy to
investigate prospects in the Barents Sea.

But Russia is hardly alone in seeking to exploit the Arctic. Norway also
derives considerable income from gas and oil exports and is under pressure to
develop reserves in the Barents Sea to compensate for the decline of its
existing fields in the North and Norwegian Seas. Other areas of the Arctic are
also being eyed for development. Cairn Energy of Edinburgh has sunk exploratory
wells in waters off Greenland, for example, while Royal Dutch Shell is
attempting to develop several fields off Alaska.

For all of its promise, however, the Arctic is not likely to surrender its
resources easily. Sea ice covers much of the area in winter, and storms pose a
constant danger. Global warming is likely to reduce the extent of sea ice in the
summer and fall, permitting extended drilling, but it could also produce unruly
weather and other perils. Adding another layer of risk, many of the boundary
lines in the Arctic remain to be fully demarcated, and various Arctic powers
have threatened to use  force in the event that one or another intrudes on what
they view as their sovereign territory.

The severe challenges of operating in the Arctic have already proved daunting
for Shell, which has spent $4.5 billion to exploit reserves off Alaska but has
yet to drill a single producing well. Some of these challenges are legal:
Indigenous communities and environmentalists, fearing the contamination of local
waters, have filed lawsuits to prevent the company from drilling.

In addition, the Arctic itself has proved to be a formidable adversary: In the
summer of 2012, during Royal Dutch Shell's first attempt to probe its Arctic
deposits, shifting winds and floating ice halted drilling. Several months later,
when one of its drilling rigs ran aground during an especially severe storm,
Shell announced that it would suspend operations in Alaska's Arctic waters. Even
so, the company said it would proceed with its Arctic drilling endeavors and
bolster its ability to operate in the region.

Shell's misfortunes have heightened concern that Arctic drilling poses an
unacceptable threat to the region. Any major spill  is likely to prove far more
destructive than the one produced in the Gulf of Mexico by the Deepwater Horizon
disaster in April 2010, because of both the lack of adequate response
capabilities and the likelihood that sea ice will impede cleanup operations. As
more companies push into the Arctic, the risk of accidents and spills is bound
to increase. The fact that Shell - one of the most technically advanced oil
companies - has so far proved unable to overcome these risks should provoke
intense concern over the prospect that other, less proficient firms will soon be
operating in these perilous waters.

The risk of conflict over the ownership of contested territories is likely to
grow. Five of the Arctic states have asserted exclusive drilling rights to
boundary areas also claimed by one of the others, and control over the polar
region itself remains contentious. In an area with the ''potential for tapping
what may be as much as a quarter of the planet's undiscovered oil and gas,''
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel warned recently, ''a flood of interest in energy
exploration has the potential to heighten tensions over other issues.''

So far, not one of these disputes has provoked a military response, and the
Arctic states have pledged to refrain from such action. However, most of the
Arctic states have also asserted their right to defend their offshore
territories with force and have taken steps to enhance their ability to fight in
these areas. Russia, for example, recently announced plans to establish what it
calls a ''cutting-edge military infrastructure'' in the Arctic.

None of this, however, is likely to deter other interested countries. With the
demand for oil at an all-time high and existing fields incapable of satisfying
global needs, the major energy firms are bound to pursue every conceivable
source of supply. It is essential, then, that tough constraints be placed on
Arctic drilling operations and that steps be taken to reduce tensions in the
area. Some progress has been made by the Arctic Council, a consultative forum of
Arctic nations. But much remains unresolved.

One way to impose formal restraints would be to devise and adopt an Arctic
Treaty modeled on the Antarctic Treaty of 1959. Like that earlier measure, an
Arctic compact would delineate the region's maritime boundaries and establish
limits on military activities. It could also impose environmental protections
and provide for the safe passage of civilian vessels through Arctic waters. In
the end, no extra measure of oil and natural gas is worth the destruction of
pristine wilderness or the onset of an Arctic arms race.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: is a professor of peace and world security studies at Hampshire College
and the author, most recently, of ''The Race for What's Left.''

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              859 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 9, 2013 Monday
                        The International New York Times

The Rush for the Arctic's Riches

BYLINE: By MICHAEL T. KLARE

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; OpEd; OP-ED CONTRIBUTOR; Pg.

LENGTH: 1110 words


AMHERST, Mass. -- While many existing oil and gas reserves in other parts of the
world are facing steep decline, the Arctic is thought to possess vast untapped
reservoirs. Approximately 13 percent of the world's undiscovered oil deposits
and 30 percent of its natural gas reserves are above the Arctic Circle,
according to the United States Geological Survey. Eager to tap into this
largess, Russia and its Arctic neighbors -- Canada, Norway, the United States,
Iceland and Denmark (by virtue of its authority over Greenland) -- have
encouraged energy companies to drill in the region.

For Russia, which recently seized a Greenpeace ship and is prosecuting 30 of the
group's activists for attempting to scale an oil platform, the temptation to
exploit the Arctic Ocean is especially powerful. Russia's economy is heavily
dependent on exports of oil and gas, and the government relies on these sales
for much of its income. Until recently, the Russians could draw on reservoirs in
western Siberia, but now, with many of these fields in decline, they are
counting on Arctic supplies to maintain current production levels. ''Our first
and main task is to turn the Arctic into Russia's resource base of the 21st
century,'' Dmitri Medvedev, then the president, declared in 2008.

The Russians have explored drilling options in several offshore areas of the
Arctic. In the Pechora Sea, above northwestern Siberia, the Russian energy giant
Gazprom has installed its Prirazlomnaya platform -- the one protesting
Greenpeace activists attempted to board. Further east, in the Kara Sea, the
state-owned Rosneft is collaborating with ExxonMobil to develop several
promising deposits; Rosneft has also teamed up with Statoil of Norway and Eni of
Italy to investigate prospects in the Barents Sea.

But Russia is hardly alone in seeking to exploit the Arctic. Norway also derives
considerable income from gas and oil exports and is under pressure to develop
reserves in the Barents Sea to compensate for the decline of its existing fields
in the North and Norwegian Seas. Other areas of the Arctic are also being eyed
for development. Cairn Energy of Edinburgh has sunk exploratory wells in waters
off Greenland, for example, while Royal Dutch Shell is attempting to develop
several fields off Alaska.

For all of its promise, however, the Arctic is not likely to surrender its
resources easily. Sea ice covers much of the area in winter, and storms pose a
constant danger. Global warming is likely to reduce the extent of sea ice in the
summer and fall, permitting extended drilling, but it could also produce unruly
weather and other perils. Adding another layer of risk, many of the boundary
lines in the Arctic remain to be fully demarcated, and various Arctic powers
have threatened to use force in the event that one or another intrudes on what
they view as their sovereign territory.

The severe challenges of operating in the Arctic have already proved daunting
for Shell, which has spent $4.5 billion to exploit reserves off Alaska but has
yet to drill a single producing well. Some of these challenges are legal:
Indigenous communities and environmentalists, fearing the contamination of local
waters, have filed lawsuits to prevent the company from drilling.

In addition, the Arctic itself has proved to be a formidable adversary: In the
summer of 2012, during Royal Dutch Shell's first attempt to probe its Arctic
deposits, shifting winds and floating ice halted drilling. Several months later,
when one of its drilling rigs ran aground during an especially severe storm,
Shell announced that it would suspend operations in Alaska's Arctic waters. Even
so, the company said it would proceed with its Arctic drilling endeavors and
bolster its ability to operate in the region.

Shell's misfortunes have heightened concern that Arctic drilling poses an
unacceptable threat to the region. Any major spill is likely to prove far more
destructive than the one produced in the Gulf of Mexico by the Deepwater Horizon
disaster in April 2010, because of both the lack of adequate response
capabilities and the likelihood that sea ice will impede cleanup operations. As
more companies push into the Arctic, the risk of accidents and spills is bound
to increase. The fact that Shell -- one of the most technically advanced oil
companies -- has so far proved unable to overcome these risks should provoke
intense concern over the prospect that other, less proficient firms will soon be
operating in these perilous waters.

The risk of conflict over the ownership of contested territories is likely to
grow. Five of the Arctic states have asserted exclusive drilling rights to
boundary areas also claimed by one of the others, and control over the polar
region itself remains contentious. In an area with the ''potential for tapping
what may be as much as a quarter of the planet's undiscovered oil and gas,''
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel warned recently, ''a flood of interest in energy
exploration has the potential to heighten tensions over other issues.''

So far, not one of these disputes has provoked a military response, and the
Arctic states have pledged to refrain from such action. However, most of the
Arctic states have also asserted their right to defend their offshore
territories with force and have taken steps to enhance their ability to fight in
these areas. Russia, for example, recently announced plans to establish what it
calls a ''cutting-edge military infrastructure'' in the Arctic.

None of this, however, is likely to deter other interested countries. With the
demand for oil at an all-time high and existing fields incapable of satisfying
global needs, the major energy firms are bound to pursue every conceivable
source of supply. It is essential, then, that tough constraints be placed on
Arctic drilling operations and that steps be taken to reduce tensions in the
area. Some progress has been made by the Arctic Council, a consultative forum of
Arctic nations. But much remains unresolved.

One way to impose formal restraints would be to devise and adopt an Arctic
Treaty modeled on the Antarctic Treaty of 1959. Like that earlier measure, an
Arctic compact would delineate the region's maritime boundaries and establish
limits on military activities. It could also impose environmental protections
and provide for the safe passage of civilian vessels through Arctic waters. In
the end, no extra measure of oil and natural gas is worth the destruction of
pristine wilderness or the onset of an Arctic arms race.

Michael T. Klare is a professor of peace and world security studies at Hampshire
College and the author, most recently, of ''The Race for What's Left.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/12/09/opinion/the-rush-for-the-arctics-riches.html

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company

                              860 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     October 14, 1997 Tuesday Final Edition

Wallace perfect fit for the Raptors

SOURCE: The Spectator

BYLINE: John Kernaghan

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S18

LENGTH: 661 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


If John Wallace continues to play anywhere close to what he showed yesterday at
the SkyDome, notch another coup for Isiah Thomas, Toronto GM and master thief.

Wallace, the byproduct of a New York-Portland trade, had 18 points, 10 rebounds
and three assists in the Raptors' 116-111 pre-season win over the Seattle Super
Sonics.

Not bad, considering the 6-foot-9 forward had put in just one practice with a
team that is trying sophisticated schemes on offence and defence.

"I picked the offence up pretty well," he understated. "Shu (assistant coach
John Shumate) sat down with me and explained how it worked. I retain things
well."

Wallace said he knew something of the triangle (or triple-post) offence from his
year with the Knicks preparing for games against the Bulls, the top
practitioners of the three-cornered perimeter attack.

"It's great. It allows you to exploit weaknesses and we have a lot of
versatility here, players who can exploit those weaknesses."

Wallace said he relied on veteran Popeye Jones, who played the triangle briefly
in Dallas, to direct him on positioning during this game and Saturday's first
pre-season game, a 104-100 loss to Indiana in Fort Wayne in which he had 13
points.

He also didn't look out of place in the swarming pressure defence Toronto has
adopted.

"There's a lot of pressing and running. We're an athletic team with players who
can cause a lot of problems for other teams."

Wallace fits the team mould, stressed Damon Stoudamire.

"John is going to help us a lot. He's so active and has an inside-outside game."

Noted head coach Darrell Walker: "He's a good young talent we felt would fit
well. He's a bit better than we thought."

Wallace looks to be the second strong acquisition from the Knicks for Thomas. He
traded for guard Doug Christie midway through the Raptors' first season, giving
up malingering big man Victor Alexander.

Thomas gave up a future draft pick for the Syracuse grad, but not a lottery
pick. The Knicks only get the Raptor selection after Toronto makes the playoffs.

The team he has forged for the franchise's third season is expected to create
havoc for many opponents with an up-tempo, aggressive style that requires a deep
bench.

"They play an unorthodox style," said Sonics' head coach George Karl. "They play
the way we play."

The Raptors' defensive guru, 70-year-old Bob Kloppenburg, developed Seattle's
pressure D several seasons ago.

So the visitors were hoisted on their own petard, letting the Runnin' Reptiles
throw them off their game.

"You have to move the ball and be patient against them," said Sonic guard Gary
Payton. "We were impatient and we didn't shoot the ball well."

Payton was ejected from the game with 62 seconds to go and Toronto up 109-102
when he got a second technical for disputing a foul call.

Stoudamire led Toronto with 27 points and 10 assists and Marcus Camby had 17
points and seven blocked shots, while Payton had 27 points and eight assists but
seven turnovers.

Toronto faces Philadelphia tomorrow at the SkyDome in a 7 p.m. game and then
meets the Atlanta Hawks Thursday, same time and place.

BRIEFLY: Highly touted teenager Tracy McGrady put in only five minutes yesterday
after quickly collecting three fouls, a disappointment for 14,228 on hand.

"Tracy will be OK," said Walker. "He's used to dominating in high school and now
he's out against guys who play for their living and will go out there and try to
break your neck. He's still a little lost."

Scarborough's Rowan Barrett played just six minutes but held his own, getting an
assist and bucket in the limited stint.

Walker called his NBA pre-season debut "solid".

Small forward Walt Williams hasn't played and will miss more games with a pulled
groin muscle.

Elsewhere, New York Knicks' guard Chris Childs fractured his left eye socket
when he was elbowed by San Antonio's David Robinson Sunday night.

Childs would be sidelined for a week and then re-evaluated.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: CP; Seattle forward Aaron Williams leaps to defend the
hoop from Toronto's Doug Christie.

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1997 Metroland Media Group Ltd

                              861 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

Growth is easier for a visually attractive city

BYLINE: by JOHN CONTI

LENGTH: 1270 words


Pittsburgh needs a new reason for being.

Our city was built when river transportation was key to the economic development
of an inland city.  It later thrived because abundant natural resources made us
the center of the second industrial revolution. Things like mining coal,
producing oil and natural gas, and making iron, steel and glass gave us size and
wealth.

There was a time in the late 19th century when our town's banks held more money
than those in any city other than New York. Those were the days when a large
collection of newly minted millionaire entrepreneurs, inventors and engineers
showed how to take things that were black and turn them into gold. (It's no
wonder that those two colors are so significant in this city!)

But, as everyone knows, those days are clearly gone. Our industries became less
and less important as the 20th-century wound down. Basic manufacturing
disappeared. The third industrial revolution "" it's called the information
revolution "" is centered in Silicon Valley, not the Monongahela Valley. It's
where you find today's important entrepreneurs, inventors and productive
creators of wealth.

So why are we recalling this in a column devoted to architecture, planning and
preservation? It's because how we plan, what we preserve, and how we design in
the future needs to be based on the understanding that our original economic
advantage "" the collection of things that made us stand out economically among
cities in the past "" is gone. And if we are to regain any advantage in the 21st
century, it will be partly because we will plan and build in new ways that will
make the city a special place in the future.

We have to stand out as a special and visually attractive city in order to
continue growing and being.

Though I can't read the future better than anyone else, it seems likely that
quality of life will become more important than ever to the economic development
of a city. In the information revolution, prosperity can settle in just about
anywhere people choose to go. So making people choose to come here is key. And
that involves decisions that we make not just in the city, but in the suburbs
and in the adjoining counties too.

Let's look, then, at some practical planning priorities, recognizing that
attractive cityscapes and landscapes contribute directly to the quality of life.

First, let's emphasize our natural assets, such as hills, rivers and abundant
trees. The beauty of our rivers and the recreations they provide, plus our
incredible abundance of riverside land, makes us different from other cities and
we should exploit that. This means encouraging developments like Almono, in
Hazelwood, where a broad curving boulevard with walking and biking elements all
along the riverside is being built. Development there will face the river.

It means at the same time discouraging riverside developments that turn their
backs on the river, such as The Waterfront in Homestead and the unimaginative
Buncher development in the Strip.

Recognize also that our historical habitat was forest. We can exploit that in a
fundamental way to make us feel different from other cities, actually creating a
unique image of a shiny modern city in a forest.  How? Well, for starters make
sure that there is no more miscellaneous commercial clutter built along the
Parkway North, which so far provides a mostly pristine and dramatically sudden
entrance to the city. Let's keep up the perennial fight to keep billboards off
the Parkway East and enhance the sense you get there of a constant descent from
the Turnpike into the city.

People who have worked here for 50 years, as I have, can remember when the
Parkway West was literally a "greenway," with little but trees and green hills
between the airport and the city. Had we retained that, a pleasant drive would
be a selling point for the city of the future. We can partly reclaim it, though,
by planting tree screens along the roadway and setting future development around
the airport back away from the highway, not front and center like some recent
development there. The way a region first looks to visitors is critically
important, and what we've done there is a little like littering our front yard
with junk.

Still, we're repeating the same mistakes elsewhere, as commercial developers are
progressively leveling hills all the way from the North Hills to Zelienople, and
from the county line south to Washington.

Annoying as they may be in winter, our hills are one of our region's most
important assets. They provide vistas, they keep us green, they give definition
to our neighborhoods, and they definitely make us different. We need a massive
regional effort to rethink what is happening, or unthinking commercial
development will make us look like everywhere else, blindly propelling us into
the anonymity of everywhere.

We should also become less conservative about design. Pittsburgh's new
architecture only rarely goes beyond the routine. We have a number of quality
design firms, but few boundary-breakers. We stand out with several new buildings
that are true world-class pace-setters for environmental efficiency, but only a
few examples "" like say the glass Gateway Center station for the T "" that
compare aesthetically with imaginative new architecture elsewhere, especially in
Europe and Latin America.

It's good that the mayor pushed to have the Bjarke Ingels Group (BIG), a
Copenhagen and New York firm, design buildings for the residential area to be
redeveloped in the Lower Hill. BIG is one of the most interesting and exciting
firms working worldwide today, and we need more of that. Questions persist,
though, whether pathbreaking buildings that BIG has proposed, and especially the
meandering sort of park that they envisioned for the Lower Hill, can actually be
built. It will take a great sustained effort over a number of years to bring all
that about.

And please, let's not hear opposition to construction of a partial cap over the
Crosstown Expressway, which is a vital part of the plan to reconnect the Hill
District to Downtown. For whatever it's worth, Seattle, Charleston, Denver,
Charlotte, Dallas, Sacramento and Los Angeles are all looking at ways to put
parks above in-city freeways. Partially capping our mid-city expressway with a
park is just one small part of keeping up with "" not even exceeding "" what
others cities are doing.

All in all, though, Pittsburgh has a lot to build on. Our major universities are
strong, and we're attracting new high-tech development. Our population is
getting younger and better educated. We're restoring older neighborhoods for
city living. Even putting in bike lanes is important. Our Downtown has a far
more vibrant feel compared to the downtowns of other similar cities. Its
density, its pocket parks, two major public squares, numerous vistas out to and
across the three rivers all help make it distinctive. We need to preserve and
keep enhancing that.

Good design and planning for attractiveness can never be our only priority, of
course. But looks are a key part of our future appeal, and making smart
development choices comes cheaper than other vital 21st-century needs, such as
vastly improved mass transit, fair and affordable housing, and rebuilt
infrastructure.  Plus, we really do have assets in the region that will set us
apart visually. If we use them wisely, we may get an edge up in providing the
quality of life that can make a comparative difference.

John Conti is a former news reporter who has written extensively over the years
about architecture, planning and historic-preservation issues.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              862 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                New Delhi Times

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Jim Carrey calls lawsuit over ex's death 'heartless'

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 20 -- Jim Carrey says a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the
estranged husband of his ex-girlfriend is a heartless attempt to exploit him and
vowed to fight the case.

Mark Burton of Portland sued Carrey in Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday,
accusing the actor of providing the prescription drugs his wife Cathriona White
used to overdose in September 2015. The wrongful death lawsuit contends Carrey
improperly obtained prescriptions for Ambien and the powerful opioid oxycodone
under the alias Arthur King.

The suit accuses Carrey of giving White the medications days before she was
found dead in one of Carrey's homes. White and Carrey dated in 2012 and were
photographed together in May 2015.

"What a terrible shame," Carrey wrote in a statement. "It would be easy for me
to get in a back room with this man's lawyer and make this go away, but there
are some moments in life when you have to stand up and defend your honor against
the evil in this world.

"I will not tolerate this heartless attempt to exploit me or the woman I loved,"
Carrey wrote. "I really hope that some day soon people will stop trying to
profit from this and let her rest in peace." Carrey is known for such movies as
"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind," "The Truman Show," and "Ace Ventura:
Pet Detective."

Coroner's officials ruled the 30-year-old makeup artist's death a suicide.

Burton and White married in 2013. A coroner's official told reporters that the
pair were separated and planned to divorce, however Burton's attorney Michael
Avenatti declined to characterize their relationship beyond saying they were
legally married at the time of White's death.

Carrey's attorney Marty Singer wrote in a statement that White and Burton never
lived together.

The lawsuit accuses Carrey of violating a section of California's Health and
Safety Code against the use of aliases to obtain prescription medications.

"White's death was tragic and easily avoidable," the lawsuit states.

Carrey's prescriptions were legally obtained and his doctor and insurers were
aware of his alias use, Singer wrote. He said many actors use aliases for
prescriptions to protect their privacy.

The issue of prescriptions issued to a celebrity under aliases because an issue
when Los Angeles prosecutors attempted unsuccessfully to obtain felony
convictions against two of Anna Nicole Smith's doctors and her lawyer-boyfriend
over prescription drugs she obtained before her accidental overdose in 2007.

Defense lawyers contended the aliases were used to protect Smith's privacy, and
last year a judge who dismissed the final felony counts against Smith's
confidante Howard K. Stern said it was a common practice.

"Everyone did it," Judge Robert J. Perry said in July 2015. "Everyone did it to
protect her privacy from the prying eyes of the ever-present press
representatives in Ms. Smith's life."

Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Delhi Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 New Delhi Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              863 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           August 20, 2008 Wednesday

India's Reliance on the hunt for U.S. mobile-content makers;
Mumbai conglomerate seeks expansion of U.S. foothold beyond Hollywood
investments

BYLINE: AMOL SHARMA, Eric Bellman contributed to this article

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; TELECOMMUNICATIONS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 677 words


Fresh off a high-profile push into Hollywood, India's Reliance ADA Group is
setting its sights on a smaller screen in the United States: mobile phones.

Reliance, whose businesses include one of India's biggest wireless operators,
says it is hunting for U.S. acquisitions in the mobile-content market, including
game publishers and companies that distribute ring tones and wallpaper for
cellphones.

Reliance declined to name specific targets or say whether it has approached any
company.

The push is an attempt by the Mumbai-based conglomerate to extend its U.S.
foothold beyond movies. Reliance has so far focused its U.S. efforts on
Hollywood, including plans for a joint venture with Steven Spielberg and his
DreamWorks SKG team, and partnerships with production houses run by the likes of
George Clooney and Brad Pitt. It also owns about 200 U.S. movie theatres that
play Indian films.

The U.S. mobile-content market presents a way for Reliance to exploit its
expertise in telecom and get exposure to a segment of the cellphone industry
that promises high growth. Data and entertainment services are becoming an
increasing share of the revenue cellular carriers earn from customers. Armed
with a significant war chest, Reliance hopes the games and other content it
acquires in the U.S. can be repurposed elsewhere.

"The thought is to build a distribution model across the world," said Rajesh
Sawhney, president of Reliance Entertainment, a unit of Reliance ADA. "For the
content we're acquiring now, we want to exploit it globally."

Games made for mobile phones, which will be Reliance's primary interest in the
short term, are becoming a substantial business, with $4.5-billion (U.S.) in
revenue expected globally this year, according to research firm Gartner. Venture
capitalists are pouring money into the area, including companies dedicated to
making games for Apple Inc.'s iPhone. Some startups have already been acquired
for relatively large sums: Electronics Arts Inc. bought mobile startup Jamdat
Mobile Inc. for $680-million in 2006.

Leading mobile gaming companies in the U.S. include Glu Mobile Inc., which has a
market valuation of roughly $100-million and games including one based on the
Batman epic The Dark Knight, Hands-On Mobile Inc., maker of Guitar Hero III
Mobile, and Digital Chocolate Inc.

Reliance hired Silicon Valley public relations and consulting firm VSC
Consulting to scout potential targets. The deals will be made through Reliance
Entertainment's Jump Games unit.

Reliance ADA chairman Anil Ambani is one of two brothers who inherited the
Reliance family business from their father, a pioneering industrialist who died
six years ago. Mr. Ambani has become an aggressive deal maker, seeking to expand
the company's entertainment interests overseas. The rivalry between Mr. Ambani
and his older brother Mukesh Ambani, who controls the energy and textiles wing
of the Reliance empire, has riveted the Indian business community.

In addition to acquiring companies that produce games and aggregate digital
content for mobile phones, Reliance is looking to license content directly from
major brands. It took such a step earlier this year in Europe when it bought the
rights to make mobile games featuring the U.K.'s Manchester United soccer team.

Distributing mobile content in the U.S. can be challenging. Companies must pay
for licenses - such as the right to use movie content in a game - while also
giving a significant revenue share to carriers like Verizon Wireless and AT&T
Inc. "There is clear margin pressure if you're the man in the middle that gets
squeezed on both sides," said Rajeev Chand, a wireless analyst with Rutberg &
Co.

But Reliance will also be able to sell games and other digital mobile content to
its own 50.8 million cellphone subscribers and to its several operator partners
in Asia and Europe. Mr. Sawhney hopes to keep down the costs of the mobile
ventures by basing in India such back-office activities as testing to make sure
games and other features work across a wide array of handsets.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              864 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 29, 2006 Sunday

THE BUZZ ABOUT SUDS

BYLINE: JOE CUNNINGHAM

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 543 words


AMBITIOUS BREW: THE STORY OF AMERICAN BEER

BY MAUREEN OGLE

HARCOURT, 398 PAGES, $25

THIS "first-ever history of American beer" by historian Maureen Ogle is as much
a painstakingly researched microcosm of American entrepreneurialism as it is a
love letter to the country's favorite buzz-producing beverage.

Ogle's account begins with the Algeresque story of Phillip Best, a 29-year-old
German émigré from a family of vintners who launched a beer empire in the
mid-19th century, later known as Pabst, in Wisconsin with a copper vat borrowed
from a local craftsman (who was subsequently rewarded for his generosity with a
lifetime of free beer).

Then there's the larger-than-life Adolphus Busch. He had the prescience not only
to realize that buttery-yellow Bohemian lagers, such as the one that hailed from
the city of Budweis, were infinitely more suited to American palates than heavy
Bavarian beers, but to be among the first brewers to launch large-scale,
assembly-line bottling.

The exploits of the early beer barons are interspersed with descriptions of
quaint and obscure historical details, like the 1855 Lager Beer Riot, when the
closing of German beer halls, and prosecution of their proprietors, precipitated
major civil unrest in Chicago. Or the way that beer was, for a time, able to
skirt temperance laws by being proven in court to be non-intoxicating.

After the turn of the 20th century, the Prohibition movement began to take root,
propelled by the shrill denunciations of muckrakers and the exploits of Ohio
minister Howard Hyde Russell, who helped form the powerful Anti-Saloon League,
the nation's first single-issue lobbying group.

The big brewers' public image took another thump in 1917, as the country entered
World War I. A disciple of Hyde Russell, Wayne Wheeler, shrewdly attached the
temperance crusade to the era's anti-German sentiments. By 1919, Prohibition,
the "great experiment," was national law.

Post-Prohibition, beer giants were forced to scramble to survive amid obstacles
like an overall decrease in national consumption over the prior decade, former
black-market brewers using thuggery to secure outlets for their inferior swills
and rationing in the wake of America's entry into World War II. This part of the
book is less potent than the first half.

But "Brew" finishes strong, with stories of a new wave of self-starters, like
Californian microbrewer Ken Grossman, the mechanical whiz kid who founded Sierra
Nevada Brewing Co., and Charles Koch, a sixth-generation descendant of German
brewers who ditched a lucrative consulting career to sink everything into the
soon-to-be-booming Boston Beer Company.

Eventually, as the market was flooded with microbrew wannabes offering mediocre
product with fancy packaging and goofy names (Moose Drool, Big Nose Blond), many
smaller companies were forced to dance with the devil, scoring distribution
deals or being bought outright by the Big Boys.

Throughout, the author's genial approach helps make the material accessible.
Ogle has a pitch-perfect voice for the pop-history format, effortlessly
switching from technical to folksy style depending on what she's describing.

The result: "Ambitious Brew" goes down as brisk and refreshingly as, well, you
know . . .

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              865 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday
                                  Home Edition

WORLD SERIES;
CHICAGO VS. CLEVELAND;
STEAL CURTAIN;
Lester has trouble throwing to first, so why don't more teams run on him?

BYLINE: Andy McCullough

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Desk; Part D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1107 words

DATELINE:  CLEVELAND


On Thursday in a suburb of Kansas City, a 61-year-old baseball lifer named Rusty
Kuntz sank into his couch and turned on his television. The Dodgers were about
to face Chicago Cubs starter Jon Lester in the National League Championship
Series, and Kuntz was curious to see if another team could exploit his
handiwork.

Two years ago in the American League wild-card game, in his role as the Royals'
first-base coach, Kuntz uncovered one of the sport's oddities, an issue which
could play a critical role in Game 1 of the World Series between the Cubs and
the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday at Progressive Field: Lester cannot throw the
baseball to first base.

Lester does not run from his weakness. The greater curiosity is why teams do not
run on him.

In their Game 5 loss, the Dodgers did steal two bases against Lester. But
mostly, Kuntz noticed how runners like Enrique Hernandez behaved in the first
inning, taking sizable leads, hopping around, attempting to goad Lester into
discomfort. Except when Lester delivered the ball to the plate, the runners were
unwilling to gamble on the contents of the team's scouting report.

"Everybody says 'You've got to run. He's not going to throw over there,' " Kuntz
said. "It's easier said than done, because all the players are going, 'There's
got to be a trap in here somewhere. My gosh, there's no way that a big league
pitcher can't at least throw it around the bag.' "

The behavior of the Dodgers showed the paradox of Lester's situation. Everyone
in baseball knows about it. But no one seems to believe it's real.

The 112th World Series overflows with story lines. The Cubs have not won a
championship since 1908; Cleveland has gone without since 1948. Cleveland
Manager Terry Francona competes against a club assembled by Cubs architect Theo
Epstein, reuniting the duo that ended Boston's 86-year championship drought in
2004. After starting the season as New York Yankees teammates, relief aces
Aroldis Chapman of the Cubs and Andrew Miller of the Indians will vie for
bullpen supremacy.

But the most intriguing subplot involves Lester hoping to contain opposing
runners. His issues are not limited to pickoff attempts. In the field, his
throws veer in unexpected directions. He bounced the ball to first base after
fielding a bunt in Game 5. On another occasion this season, he threw his entire
glove.

Unlike the Dodgers, cursed with leaden feet, the Indians led the American League
in stolen bases and baserunning efficiency, according to FanGraphs.

"Everybody's game plan is to try to disrupt him as much as possible, because
he's one of the best pitchers in the game," said Cleveland outfielder Coco
Crisp, who played with Lester in Boston and Oakland. "But how we're going to go
about that, I can't quite tell you."

Lester, 32, had his best season in 2016, going 19-5 with a 2.44 earned-run
average. And he thrives in October, with a playoff resume featuring 17 starts
and a 2.50 ERA, including 2-0 and 0.86 in three starts this fall. As a
23-year-old in 2007, less than a year after he'd beaten lymphoma, Lester earned
the victory for Boston in the deciding game of the World Series.

Yet his gift for navigating the strike zone with precision and efficiency,
combined with an unflappable demeanor, could not prevent him from succumbing to
a mystifying loss of the ability to throw the baseball to first. The colloquial
version of this condition is called the "yips," but some players use a more
ominous name: The Thing.

In the 1970s, Pittsburgh pitcher Steve Blass stopped throwing strikes. In the
1980s, Dodgers second baseman Steve Sax struggled to relay the ball to fellow
infielders after fielding grounders. In the 1990s, Mets catcher Mackey Sasser
couldn't return the baseball to the pitcher.

And near the end of his tenure as Red Sox manager, Francona noticed Lester
developing similarly perplexing tendencies. The concept sounds simple -- just
throw the ball! -- but for Lester it became a chore.

"We knew it was surfacing, and we did a lot of things to make sure it didn't get
out in the open," Francona said. "And I thought we actually did a really good
job, because it wasn't until I left [that] people started to realize that."

In 2011, Francona's final season in Boston, Lester made 70 throws to first base.
That number fell to five in 2012 and seven in 2013. During the 2014 regular
season, he did not attempt a single pickoff. Traded to Oakland midway through
2014, he soon would see his secret revealed against Kansas City.

The Royals felt their bats alone could not wound Lester. They needed to activate
their legs, and Kuntz urged them to take outrageous leads and steal bases with
impunity. After a few innings of uncertainty, the players swiped three bases
against Lester and tagged him for six runs in a comeback victory.

The game exposed Lester. But it did not hurt his market as a free agent that
winter. The Cubs signed him to a $155-million contract. No pitcher allowed more
stolen bases than Lester in 2015, but he tightened deficiencies this season.

"All pitchers do certain things well, and certain things not so well," Cubs
pitching coach Chris Bosio said. "They're not robots."

Exploiting Lester is not easy. The primary problem is hitters cannot steal first
base, and he posted a 1.016 WHIP (walks plus hits per innings pitched) in 2016.
And when batters do reach, Lester has developed a series of feints.

Lester relies on his fastball, and his delivery is swift. He alters his tempo to
avoid patterns, and he steps off the mound, "although he'll just hold the ball
and look at you," Kuntz said. In addition, veteran catcher David Ross often
throws behind the runner to first base after receiving the ball.

Lastly, Lester also benefits from the hesitation of his opponents. Like Kuntz,
Indians outfielder Rajai Davis was surprised by the Dodgers' approach in Game 5.
He saw how far the runners drifted from the bases.

"I noticed nobody was running, either," said Davis, who stole 43 bases this
season. "It defeated the purpose, I think."

For Davis, the discussion of Lester's issues sounded "like music to my ears."
But the challenge will not be answered with words. Actions mean more.

"You've got to get past the fear of being embarrassed," Kuntz said. "You always
have that in the back of your mind. You really don't know how to attack
something that you hardly ever see."

--

andy.mccullough@latimes.com

Twitter: @McCulloughTimes

--

One tough customer

How Jon Lester's numbers in key pitching categories this season compare to the
MLB average:
Pitchingcategory   JonLester MLB avg.
Opp. batting avg.        211      255
Opp. on-base pct.        268      321
Opp. slugging pct.       334      417
Left-on-base pct.       849*      729

*-best in MLB

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: THE DODGERS knew of the difficulty Cubs ace Jon Lester has
making accurate throws to first base, but they rarely tried to exploit it in the
NLCS. They took big leads and danced off the bag, as Enrique Hernandez does
here, but eschewed stolen-base attempts.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Paul Buck European
Pressphoto Agency

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Infobox; Table

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              866 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                        June 16, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Energy & Exploration Partners, Inc. Announces Buda-Rose Acquisition from
TreadStone Energy Partners, LLC

LENGTH: 567  words


June 16 -- Energy & Exploration Partners, Inc. ("ENXP") announced today that it
has reached an agreement to acquire 18,300 net acres in Houston and Madison
Counties, Texas from TreadStone Energy Partners, LLC ("TreadStone"), a Kayne
Anderson Energy Funds portfolio company, for approximately $715 million, subject
to customary purchase price adjustments. As of June 7, 2014 the acquisition
includes net production of 8,430 barrels of oil equivalent per day (82% oil), 30
square miles of 3-D seismic data and a three-well salt water disposal system.
The effective date of the TreadStone acquisition is April 1, 2014 and is
expected to close before the end of July.



The TreadStone acquisition complements ENXP's current East Texas portfolio.
ENXP has recently completed the Sundance #1, a vertical Buda-Rose completion in
Madison County, Texas and is encouraged by the volume of oil and gas currently
flowing up tubing. The TreadStone acreage lies on trend and just east of the
ENXP position and has been predominately developed vertically in the Lower
Cretaceous Buda-Rose via multizone completions.  ENXP is acquiring 36 net
producing wellbores, 136 proved undeveloped drilling locations based on 80-acre
spacing and up to 250 Buda-Rose drilling locations based on 40-acre spacing.
The TreadStone acquisition is 100% operated with an average working interest of
89.6% and an average royalty burden of 16.6%.  The acquired assets currently
have 32.8 Mmboe of proved reserves based on third-party engineering.

Pro forma for the acquisition, ENXP will have approximately 72,000 net acres in
East Texas. The Company plans to balance its drilling program on its legacy
acreage while continuing to aggressively exploit the stacked-pay zones of the
acquired assets. Hunt Pettit, President and Chief Executive Officer of ENXP,
commented, "Combining the TreadStone Fort Trinidad asset with ours merges a top
tier producing asset with an outstanding seasoned technical team. With the
combined assets, ENXP will have over 10,000 boe of net daily production and
72,000 net acres most of which is covered by 3D seismic data in the prolific
East Texas Basin with its 5,000-foot thick hydrocarbon column of stacked pay. We
expect to expand production significantly as we deploy a multi-rig drilling
program across the entire asset to develop all prospective horizons and fully
exploit our entire position."

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. acted as exclusive M&A advisor on the TreadStone
acquisition.

Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Global
Hunter Securities will act as financial advisors to ENXP on the TreadStone
acquisition.

ENXP is an independent exploration and production company based in Fort Worth,
TX, focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of unconventional
oil and gas resources.

TreadStone is a private E&P company formed in 2011 by Frank McCorkle, Key
Sanford and Gene Roberts with a capital commitment from Kayne Anderson Energy
Funds.   Kayne Anderson Energy Funds is a leading provider of energy private
equity to high growth oil and gas companies having raised $4.3 billion in
capital across six funds and invested in more than 89 portfolio companies since
1998.  Kayne Anderson Energy Funds is the energy private equity arm of Kayne
Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P., a leading alternative investment manager with
over $28 billion in AUM (as of 5/31/14).

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              867 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   InfoWorld

                              May 15, 2006 Monday

Fortify scours code for security vulnerabilities

BYLINE: Galen Gruman

SECTION: TEST CENTER Vol. 28 No. 20

LENGTH: 362 words


The old adage that an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure
sums up Fortify's approach to securing homegrown enterprise applications,
which are frequently enticing targets for hackers and their malicious
exploits. "It's these front-door apps that are the front-door access to the
underlying data," says Fortify CEO John M. Jack.

The standard approach to securing enterprise applications is to look for attack
signatures and then block them. Fortify's approach is to eliminate the
vulnerabilities in the first place, so even if attackers breach network
defenses they can't exploit the applications. "We look at the root cause,"
Jack says.

A big reason for the holes in homegrown software is lack of experience. "Most
of the applications were written by developers not trained on security. They
expect well-behaved users," Jack says. But now that the enterprise is so
connected to the outside world, that expectation is unsupportable.

To help developers eliminate security holes, Fortify offers tools that work
with Java, C++, C, and Transact-SQL on Windows and Linux platforms.
Essentially an all-purpose plug-in to Borland, Eclipse Foundation, and
Microsoft development environments, the Fortify Source Code Analysis tool
scans the source code on the build server for vulnerabilities, such as a
buffer overflow, that a worm might take advantage of. "There are over a
million worms that can exploit that," Jack says.

Among the other 100 or so vulnerabilities that Fortify looks for are SQL
injections and cross-site scripting. The tool identifies the vulnerability so
developers can close them while the coding effort is in progress. "We have
total knowledge of the app and the context," Jack says, which he believes
results in better security than traditional post-deployment intrusion
detection.

For more conventional intrusion prevention, Fortify also provides the
Application Defense tool to monitor application attacks. Its primary use is to
protect existing applications for which you don't have the source code or that
you have not been able to recode with the help of the Fortify Source Code
Analysis tool.

Click for larger view.

Galen Gruman is a San Francisco-based freelance writer.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


                      Copyright 2006 InfoWorld Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved

                              868 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Guardian.com.

                              July 19, 2013 Friday

SeaWorld denies 'misleading' claims in Sundance killer whale doc Blackfish

BYLINE: Ben Childguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 402 words

ABSTRACT

Marine park owner says film investigation into death of orca trainer in Orlando
is 'inaccurate' and 'exploits tragedy', writes Ben Child

FULL TEXT

The US marine park SeaWorld has denied claims made in a new film that its policy
of keeping killer whales in captivity led to the deaths of three people.

Critically acclaimed documentary Blackfish first screened at the Sundance film
festival in January and is due to open in US cinemas this weekend. It centres on
the orca Tilikum, which it claims has been involved in three fatalities since
being captured in 1983 off the coast of Iceland. These include the death of
animal trainer Dawn Brancheau at SeaWorld Orlando in 2010 after she slipped or
fell into a tank and was mauled. "There is no documented case of a killer whale
ever killing anybody in the wild. It's only in captivity where these incidents
have happened," director Gabriela Cowperthwaite told ABC News' Nightline TV news
programme.

Representatives for SeaWorld, which has marine parks in Orlando, Florida, San
Diego, California and San Antonio, Texas, issued a statement labelling the film
"inaccurate and misleading". The statement read: "Blackfish is billed as a
documentary, but instead of a fair and balanced treatment of a complex subject,
the film is inaccurate and misleading and, regrettably, exploits a tragedy that
remains a source of deep pain for Dawn Brancheau's family, friends and
colleagues."

It continued: "To promote its bias that killer whales should not be maintained
in a zoological setting, the film paints a distorted picture that withholds from
viewers key facts about SeaWorld - among them, that SeaWorld is one of the
world's most respected zoological institutions, that SeaWorld rescues,
rehabilitates and returns to the wild hundreds of wild animals every year, and
that SeaWorld commits millions of dollars annually to conservation and
scientific research. Perhaps most important, the film fails to mention
SeaWorld's commitment to the safety of its team members and guests and to the
care and welfare of its animals, as demonstrated by the company's continual
refinement and improvement to its killer whale facilities, equipment and
procedures both before and after the death of Dawn Brancheau."

Blackfish is due for a limited release in UK cinemas next week: 26 July. It does
not yet have an Australian release date but screened at the Sydney film festival
last month.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP

                              869 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 14, 2015 Sunday

Encore! After youth exploits, five Craig seniors return to center stage

BYLINE: Eric Schmoldt, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 910 words


June 14--Nick Blomgren was on the mound with the bases loaded in the final
inning, attempting to hang on for a save in a one-run ballgame.

McCauley Cox snared a grounder to the hole at second base, overcoming an awkward
hop to glove the ball and throw to first base for the final out.

It's a play that could have happened at some point during the current Janesville
Craig baseball season. But this memory actually came nearly four years ago, when
Janesville's 14U youth team--including five seniors on this year's Craig
team--held on to win the Ohio Valley Regional title and advance to the World
Series.

Success and high-level competition started early for the Cougars' senior
leaders. They'll get another crack at bringing home a state championship when
they begin play Tuesday at the WIAA state tournament in Grand Chute.

"That was a lot of fun, and it's a lot of the same kids on this team, too, so it
really carried over," said Craig first baseman Kevin Brandt, also a member of
both teams.  "We just know how to win. We played in a lot of big games--the game
to go to state, the game to win state, the Ohio Valley games, the World Series.

"Now we're going for another state title, looking to get two."

Along with Cox, Blomgren and Brandt, fellow seniors Alex Marro--the Cougars' No.
1 pitcher--and JT Smithback were a part of that wildly successful 14U team.
Trayton Christiansen, a captain and outfielder, and Justin Filter, always a
threat on the base paths, round out the class that graduated Thursday night.

This year, all five of the seniors from the 14U World Series team were
first-team all-Big Eight Conference selections. Sophomore third baseman Evan
Spry will give Craig a sixth--though the official selections haven't yet been
released.

That right there should tell you all you need to know about why the Cougars are
one of the favorites to leave Fox Cities Stadium with a state title.

"To come here and have the year that they did this year is pretty impressive,"
Craig coach Victor Herbst said. "You go as your seniors go--not so much
talent-wise, but the leadership.

"My seven seniors have done a great job. Every one of them has contributed in a
major fashion."

For the five who advanced to play in Glen Allen, Virginia, where they finished
as one of the top six 14U teams in the nation in 2011, competition has bred
success.

Herbst said he overheard players bragging about who was going to win video game
tournaments at the hotel during the team's stay in Appleton this week.

Blomgren said the group has taken competition to the classroom.

And on the practice field, the Cougars fight for hitting honors during the final
round of batting practice. There, each player gets a chance to see how many
consecutive base hits they can pile up. Swing and foul off a pitch? You're out.
Take a pitch that winds up in the strike zone? See ya. Dribble a grounder where
the second baseman would be standing? Take a seat.

Cox holds the season high, knocking seven hits in a row at one point.

"We're very competitive about everything we do--when we work out, when we do our
conditioning, video games," Blomgren said. "It's always a battle."

It's paid off at the plate for the Cougars.

Blomgren, the MVP of the Ohio Valley Regional back in 2011, carried the highest
batting average. He was one of the top contenders for Big Eight Player of the
Year.

Smithback, who wasn't exactly being counted on for his hitting at the beginning
of the season, came alive in the second half to hit north of .400.

Brandt, who admittedly piled up strikeouts while forcibly trying to pull the
ball a year ago, struck out just a handful of times all season.

Cox has been a nightmare for opposing teams in the leadoff spot in the order.
And even Marro, who was rested on non-pitching days early in the season to avoid
injury and stay fresh for the postseason, has produced a number of clutch hits
lately.

"I would be willing to bet JT Smithback is our leading hitter the second half of
the season," Herbst said. "And of our top five guys (Cox, Spry, Blomgren, Brandt
and Smithback), right now the fifth-place guy is hitting .369."

"I can live with that," Herbst deadpanned.

Of course, the winding road back to another monumental tournament hasn't always
been smooth. Some players found a spot on the varsity roster faster than others.
Some from that 14U team left baseball altogether, and others played at state
with Parker a year ago or were part of different high school classes.

But the Cougars' core group of five is back together now, and it seems they're
as close-knit as they've ever been.

"For a couple years, we weren't always close because a couple kids got moved up
to varsity, and a couple were down on JV still," Smithback said. "This year,
it's almost like the same thing all over again. We're all so close, and we've
been over to each other's houses a lot more.

"That's what's neat about it."

This week, if Craig finds itself in a late-inning jam, clinging to a lead at the
state tournament, Blomgren just might be on the hill as the team's stopper. Cox,
Brandt and Smithback will be in the field, and Marro will likely have helped
carry them there with his arm.

The Cougars likely won't be all that nervous.

They've been there before.

Eric Schmoldt is the The Gazette's sports editor. Reach him at
eschmoldt@gazettextra.com

___ (c)2015 The Janesville Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) Visit The Janesville
Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) at www.gazetteextra.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150614-JG-Encore-After-youth-exploits
-five-Craig-seniors-return-to-center-stage-0614-20150614

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2015 The Janesville Gazette

                              870 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 1, 2013 Friday

EDITORIAL: Sex offenders exploit new parole system

BYLINE: The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 492 words


March 01--The typical pattern with newspaper investigations is alarming
revelation, followed by official denial. So it's doubly alarming when the
official reaction is suggesting the problem is even worse than reported.

That's what happened this week with regard to paroled sex offenders in
California.

The Los Angeles Times reported that more than 3,400 parolees had removed or
disarmed their GPS monitors since October 2011. The vast majority are high-risk
sex offenders, the inmates most likely to be fitted with tracking devices as a
condition of parole.

A day later, state corrections officials said the Times may have understated the
problem.

"We're trying to get a better picture right now," a Corrections Department
spokeswoman said, noting that the news report counted only those cases in which
parole revocation hearings were held.

The tampering problem coincides with the beginning of the state's realignment
program, which shifted some inmates to county jails to comply with a federal
court order to relieve crowding in state prisons. Among those who now serve
their time in jail are parole violators.

In the 12 months after realignment took effect, the Times reported, the state
issued 28 percent more arrest warrants for parolees who tampered with their GPS
devices than in the previous 12 months.

The penalty for violating parole is a return trip to the stony lonesome, but the
statistics suggest that parolees believe they can snip their ankle bracelets
without much risk.

Why? For starters, the state is still struggling to comply with the federal
court order. Some counties also are under order to reduce jail crowding, so many
parole violators are released quickly. For those who stay in jail, the maximum
penalty is six months.

The risk to the public is obvious -- one of these convicted sex-offenders will
strike again.

It would be easy to call for longer sentences and to carve an exception in
realignment to ensure that sex offenders return to prison if they don't comply
with parole requirements.

Ultimately, that may be the answer. One state senator already has introduced a
bill to make that change.

"Research shows that when a sex offender is not being monitored by a GPS device,
the offender's chances of committing a new sex crime increases threefold," said
state Sen. Ted Lieu, D-Torrance. But as Gov. Jerry Brown pointed out in response
to a question about Lieu's bill, "Everybody wants to send people to prison,
nobody wants to pay for it."

That's the real challenge.

Realignment is a work in progress, an experiment, not an end product. All the
stakeholders -- the governor, the Legislature, local government -- need to
acknowledge that. They also must continuously review how it's working, whether
it's adequately funded and how it can be improved.

Public safety depends on it.

___ (c)2013 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130301-UR-EDITORIAL-Sex-offenders-exploit-new-parole-system-20130301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2013

                              871 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 26, 2013 Saturday

OPINION: Politicians' agendas exploit citizens' emotional reactions

BYLINE: James Brown, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 651 words


Jan. 26--GLASGOW -- The age of reason in our fine nation, built on a
well-thought document, is dead. Otto von Bismark would be so proud we have fully
bought into making political decisions on emotional whims. That we cannot have a
reasonable discussion about tough subjects.

The wise professional basketball philosopher Hakeem Olajuwon once said two
things were never to be discussed in an NBA locker room -- politics and
religion. His wisdom was, aren't those the two things we should be discussing?

Of course, those subjects are polarizing because our personal belief systems are
built around them, intertwined in such a way that to discuss them illicits
emotion. Those two subjects are what we are as individuals. Then they influence,
emotionally, our reactions to every other topic -- for instance, gun ownership
rights.

The president of the National Rifle Association a week after the shootings in a
school in Newtown, Conn., suggested every public school in the U.S. should have
armed guards. That suggestion has grown to the idea that we arm the teachers.

Golda Walbert, a regular columnist whose writings usually cover history and
historic moments of local interest, states in her writing on the front page of
Section C today, that arming teachers is a bad idea. With her many years of
experience in education, she understands the issues faced by educators better
than any of us who are not inside schools on a daily basis. I trust her
judgement and agree with her position.

Oliver North suggested in a recent column that not arming public school
personnel will force thousands of parents to move their children to private
schools. (He doesn't say or ask whether all private schools have armed guards.)
Arm them and I believe thousands of parents will take their children out of
public schools, to educate them either in private schools or at home.

Complex problems do not have one-time, catch-all solutions. Give teachers guns
and we can surmise some of the potential problems. Then, what is to say the
students shouldn't be armed in order to protect themselves. If the law would
allow personnel to have firearms, how can we keep parents from bringing their
own to parent-teacher conferences?

Don't think this is a one-way street. The rhetoric about assault rifles is just
as shortsighted. Those who do not like guns, especially military-style weapons
(often labeled assault rifles), seem to have the view that a scary-looking
firearm is one that should not be available to the public. Most research, it
seems, suggests it's not the type of gun, it is how much ammunition can be
pumped through the firearm.

It turns out the man who committed the shooting in Connecticut did not use an
"assault rifle" in the school. He used handguns with high-capacity clips. Most
shootings in the United States are committed with hand guns. Research suggests
hand guns with high-capacity clips are a greater threat than AR-15s.

"Mother Jones" compiled 30 years of data on mass shootings and found that
semi-automatic handguns were used 68 times in 62 incidents (Many shooters had
more than one weapon) and assault weapons were used 35 times.

It's true people kill people, not guns. The weapons they choose does influence
the number of people who can be killed in one location at one time. The amount
of ammunition those weapons can hold plays a role.

We need political discourse that is open discussion with the objective being to
improve a situation, but that would require we the constituents to also be able
to have emotionless debates about issues.

We are allowing the political class to take advantage of us and our emotional
responses. It must stop.

James Brown is editor of the Glasgow Daily Times. He can be contacted by e-mail
at jbrown@glasgowdailytimes.com

___ (c)2013 the Glasgow Daily Times (Glasgow, Ky.) Visit the Glasgow Daily Times
(Glasgow, Ky.) at www.glasgowdailytimes.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130126-GK-OPINION-Politicians-agendas-exploit
-citizens-emotional-reactions-0126-20130126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2013 Glasgow Daily Times

                              872 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 31, 2012 Tuesday

Area advocates hope to exploit state tourism website's success

BYLINE: James Neal, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 756 words


July 31--ENID -- Oklahoma's official travel and tourism website, TravelOK.com,
recently was named the No. 4 state tourism website in the nation, a fact Enid
promoters hope will boost travel to the city.

The recent ranking was based on the number of website visitors in the month of
June, which topped 232,000 for Travel OK.com, making the website the fourth-most
visited state travel and tourism site in the nation behind similar websites for
Michigan, Florida and Virginia.

"We usually find ourselves in the top 10 websites in the nation, but we made it
to No. 4 in June, and that's great, we're very excited about it," said Sandy
Pantlik, Oklahoma Tourism and Recreation Department spokeswoman.

She attributed the recent increase in visits to TravelOK.com to some creative
and hard work on the part of OTRD staff.

"A lot of it has to do with the expertise of our interactive team and the work
they do in search engine optimization and making our content rise to the top,"
Pantlik said.

The website also posted strong numbers of pages viewed per visitor at 6.57 in
June.

"Not only are we getting more eyes on our site, but people are taking more time
and really diving deeper into our site and learning more about the state,"
Pantlik said. "The more visitors who come to TravelOK.com, the more we can refer
them on to other listings on our site."

She said the website lists more than 15,000 events, businesses and attractions
in communities across the state, making TravelOK.com "a gateway to get visitors
to events and attractions in the state."

Enid Convention and Visitors Bureau Director Marcy Jarrett is hoping that
gateway will help bring more visitors, and their travel money, to Enid.

"Eighty percent of travelers research their trip on the Internet, and having a
presence on the No. 4 website in the nation will be very helpful to any local
business or event," Jarrett said.

She said the TravelOK.com website gives Enid and other communities broader
access to the travel and recreation market.

"The state tourism department is a wonderful partner for Enid and other
communities in the state, and we benefit from their marketing and research,"
Jarrett said. "That extends our reach and helps us reach audiences we wouldn't
reach otherwise."

She said the first step for any local business or event in taking advantage of
that reach is to make sure their information is posted to TravelOK.com.

"Local businesses and attractions can have a free listing on there, and they can
always update and change it as frequently as they want," Jarrett said. "We
strongly encourage local businesses to list their events on the website and then
update it, so they can show off their hard work and give people more reasons to
come to Enid."

Errol Wofford, co-chair of Chisholm Trail Coalition, said the free listing on
TravelOK.com helps promote community events, like the coalition's downtown
walking tours and Tombstone Tales event, and brings people to town.

"They're a good group of people who help us get our name out there in front of a
lot more people than we would otherwise," Wofford said.

He said the TravelOK.com listing recently led a reporter from a Lawton newspaper
to inquire into a story on Chisholm Trail Coalition, further expanding coverage
of and interest in Enid.

Pantlik said the efforts of local businesses and attractions, with the help of
TravelOK.com, will continue to draw visitors to Enid.

"Communities like Enid do a great job of keeping their information updated on
TravelOK.com, and so far this year Enid has had more than 20,000 page views,"
she said. "The increased traffic has more people thinking about traveling to
Oklahoma and visiting communities like Enid. TravelOK.com really is a front door
to help people get to know Enid and the attractions a little bit better."

Pantlik said a contest in progress at TravelOK.com also may pique travelers'
interest in Enid.

Each month, OTRD, with the assistance of local donations, sponsors a weekend
family vacation giveaway. This month, the TravelOK.com contest is giving away a
weekend for four in Enid, featuring two nights' stay and passes to local
attractions such as Leonardo's Discovery Warehouse, Cherokee Strip Regional
Heritage Center, Simpson's Old Time Museum, Gaslight Theatre, Splash Zone Water
Park and the Railroad Museum of Oklahoma.

Anyone can enter to win the contest at TravelOK.com. The drawing will take place
Aug. 22.

___ (c)2012 the Enid News & Eagle (Enid, Okla.) Visit the Enid News & Eagle
(Enid, Okla.) at www.enidnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120731-EK-Area-advocates-hope-to-exploit
-state-tourism-website-s-success-0731-20120731

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                        Copyright 2012 Enid News & Eagle

                              873 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                             July 2, 2016 Saturday

Are pea plants better decision makers than humans?;
Plants are surprisingly good at evaluating risk, according to a new study by
scientists at Oxford and Israel's Tel-Hai College.

BYLINE: Christina Beck Staff

SECTION: Science

LENGTH: 580 words


Plants may just be smarter than you think, according to a new study by an
international team of researchers, published in Current Biology this week.

By studying the decisions plants made when presented in environments with
different nutrient levels, plants showed a remarkable ability to take calculated
risks in order to secure the maximum amount of nutrients.

"To our knowledge, this is the first demonstration of an adaptive response to
risk in an organism without a nervous system," said Oxford University's Alex
Kacelnik in a press release.

In order to evaluate plants' decision making skills, researchers grew pea plants
with their roots split between two pots with varying levels of nutrients. First,
scientists found that plants chose to grow more roots in the pot with more
nutrients.

Then, scientists examined plant behavior when one of the pots offered a
consistent level of nutrients, but the other pot varied widely.

While both pots offered the same amount of nutrients on average, when the
average nutrient level was high in the consistent pot, plants chose that pot.
Yet, plants chose to grow more roots in the pot with a varied level of nutrients
when the consistent pot offered a low amount of nutrients, demonstrating a
willingness to take calculated risks.

"Complex and interesting behaviours can be theoretically predicted as biological
adaptations, and executed by organisms," said Dr. Kacelnik, "on the basis of
processes evolved to exploit natural opportunities efficiently."

Scientists are still unsure of the plants sense variance, but they are
nevertheless surprised by the decision making skills that the plants evidently
possess.

"I used to look at plants as passive receivers of circumstances," says Efrat
Dener, of Ben-Gurion University in Israel. "This line of experiments illustrates
how wrong that view is: living organisms are designed by natural selection to
exploit their opportunities, and this often implies a great deal of
flexibility."

Researchers have been digging up evidence that plants are wiser than we might
imagine for some time.

In 2005, The Christian Science Monitor reported that plants are capable of
considering their environments and planning for the future.

Strangleweed, for example, can sense "friends, food, and foes." There's evidence
to suggest that plants can develop their own "personalities" - identical
cuttings from the same "mother" plant develop different characteristics when
planted separately, despite being raised in the same conditions.

"If intelligence is the capacity to acquire and apply knowledge, then,
absolutely, plants are intelligent," University of Utah biologist Leslie
Sieburth told the Monitor in 2005.

Some biologists say that decision-making skills alone do not make plants
intelligent, and that in order to be truly intelligent, plants also must have
self consciousness.

Still, the study of plant intelligence is a growing field, and scientists say
that lessons learned from the study of human and animal decision making are
transferrable to the study of plant behavior, which has fascinating implications
for future study.

"To see that decision-making models developed by economists for human decision
makers," said Hagai Shemesh of Israel's Tel-Hai College, "and by zoologists to
understand animal behavior can predict the behavior of plants facing similar
choices is fascinating."

The next step, scientists say, is presenting plants with tasks that require them
to adapt to different circumstances.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wild oats (dark green, tall plant) and peas (flowering plant) are grown
at Nesenkeag Farm in Litchfield, NH. The farm uses organic production practices
throughout 40 acres of land and supplies vegetables to restaurants in Boston and
southern New Hampshire The Christian Science Monitor/Mary Knox Merrill

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved

                              874 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            August 18, 2015 Tuesday

@HD New opinion Head 48;There is no dignity in the sex trade

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 683 words


Cindy McCain

Special to #124The Washington Post

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;

@BT New Screen Text Drop opinion;Amnesty International recently adopted a
proposal that recommends decriminalising the sex trade, a move that it says is
for the human rights and equal protections of sex workers. This proposal instead
gives amnesty to pimps, brothel owners and sex buyers by recognising everyone in
sex work as "consenting adults". Men and women in the vulnerable position of
selling their bodies for sex should be offered services and solutions to provide
them with safe alternatives.

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;The proposal instead legalises their
exploitation. Amnesty International says that people who engage in sex work
often do so because they have been marginalised and have limited choices. The
decision to sell one's body for sex made in the absence of better circumstances
is not a human right. A buyer or trafficker who takes advantage of someone's
lack of choice for their own financial or sexual gain is an exploiter of human
rights and should be criminalised.

Sex work and sex trafficking cannot reasonably be separated. Sex work fuels the
demand for commercial sex, which is the indisputable driving force behind the
sex-trafficking industry. Supply will always meet demand, and in this equation,
supply is too often vulnerable men and women, and, at its very worst, children.
Under the group's proposal, sex traffickers and brothel owners could operate
with immunity for facilitating what they say is consensual sex work. Protections
should not be afforded to those who prey on a person's vulnerability or lack of
basic needs. Decriminalising sex work would put those in the sex industry, and
vulnerable populations around the world, in greater danger by giving no
authority to go after those who exploit others for personal profit, all under
the guise of protecting those in harm's way.

This industry is not safe, and Amnesty International understands that sex
workers in many countries face high levels of violence, but it draws the
implausible conclusion that the danger lies in societal stigma, not in the
precarious nature of the sex industry and those who exploit it. Recently in
Charleston, West Virginia, an escort fended off and killed her attacker when he
arrived for a "date" with a "kill kit", including a gun, handcuffs, an axe,
machete, bullet-proof vest, knives, a box cutter, bleach and several trash bags.
This person is thought to be tied to the deaths of four other escorts and
carried a list of 10 other women selling sex whom he intended to harm. In 2009,
a Texas man shot and killed an escort for not agreeing to have sex with him, and
the horror stories continue. Stigma isn't the danger.

This proposal tells women, men and children that sex work is a safe and accepted
choice, and that those who pay to have sex with them have the human right to
express their personal autonomy. Amnesty International says that some buyers
"develop a stronger sense of self in their relationships with sex workers,
improving their life enjoyment and dignity." The sexual fulfilment and dignity
of sex clients as a human right has been placed higher than the safety and
stability of those caught in the sex trade. Dignity for exploited women and
children is ranked below that of commercial sex buyers.

Although Amnesty International does not have the authority to make or enforce
laws, its influence as an international human rights organisation presents a
challenge in the uphill battle to combat societal acceptance of the degradation
of women and children for sex. Its policy recommendations matter to the
international community, although perhaps after this proposal, they should
matter less.

This policy is a step backward in the fight against human trafficking worldwide.
It is misguided thinking, dangerous for women and children, and a heartbreaking
abandonment of those being sold for sex each and every day.

Cindy McCain is chairman of the Human Trafficking Advisory Council #124at the
McCain Institute for International Leadership, a Washington-based think-tank.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              875 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday

We're walking dead on the highway to hell

SECTION: FEATURES; NATIONAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 921 words


"There are examples of species all over the world that are essentially the
walking dead," said Stanford University professor Paul Ehrlich. "We are sawing
off the limb that we are sitting on."

He was talking about the Sixth Extinction, the huge loss of species that is
under way right now. It has been discussed in public before, of course, but what
Ehrlich and other scientists from Stanford and Princeton universities and the
University of California Berkeley have done is to document it statistically.

Animals and plants are always going extinct, usually to be replaced by rival
species that exploit the same ecological niche more efficiently. But the normal
turnover rate is quite slow, according to the fossil record: about one species
of vertebrate per 10,000 species goes extinct each century. Ehrlich and his
colleagues deliberately raised the bar, assuming that the normal extinction rate
is twice as high as that - and still got an alarming result.

In a study published this month in Science Advances, they report that
vertebrates (animals with internal skeletons made of bone or cartilage -
mammals, birds, reptiles and fish) are going extinct at a rate 114 times faster
than normal. In a separate study last year, Professor Stuart Pimm of Duke
University estimated that the loss rate may be as much as 1000 times higher than
normal - and that includes plants as well as animals.

Animals and plants are always going extinct, usually to be replaced by rival
species that exploit the same ecological niche more efficiently. But the normal
turnover rate is quite slow, according to the fossil record: about one species
of vertebrate per 10,000 species goes extinct each century. Ehrlich and his
colleagues assumed that the normal rate is twice as high as that - and still
concluded that the current extinction rate is 114 times higher.

"We are now entering the sixth great mass extinction event," said Gerardo
Ceballos of the Universidad Autonoma de Mexico, lead author of the research. "If
it is allowed to continue, life would take many millions of years to recover and
our species itself would likely disappear early on." Indeed, renowned Harvard
biologist E O Wilson has estimated that at the current rate of loss, half of
Earth's higher life forms will be extinct by 2100.

The previous five mass extinctions, all during the past half-billion years, each
wiped out at least half of the existing species of life. Four of them were
probably caused by drastic warming of the planet due to massive, millennia-long
volcanic eruptions.

The warming eventually made the deep oceans oxygen- free, allowing sulfur
bacteria to emerge from the muds. As they took over the oceans, they killed off
all the oxygen-based life - and when they finally reached the surface, they
emitted vast quantities of hydrogen sulfide gas that destroyed the ozone layer
and directly poisoned most land-based life as well.

The fifth and most recent mass extinction, at the end of the Cretaceous era 65
million years ago, was different. It was caused by a giant asteroid that threw
so much dust up when it hit Earth that the Sun was effectively hidden for years.
First the plants died, and then the animals. But the cause of the sixth
extinction is a single species: us.

It's fair to say that we are the victims of our own success, but so is the
entire biosphere. There were one billion of us in 1800. We are now seven and a
half billion, on our way to 10 or 11 billion. We have appropriated the most
biologically productive 40 per cent of the planet's land surface for our cities,
farms and pastures, and there's not much room left for the other species.

They have been crowded out, hunted out, or poisoned by our chemical wastes.
Their habitats have been destroyed. Even the oceans are being devastated as one
commercial fish species after another is fished out. And still our population
continues to grow, and our appetite for meat causes more land to be cleared to
grow grain not for people, but for livestock. All this even before global
warming really gets under way and starts to take huge bites out of the
ecosphere. We are on the Highway to Hell, and it's hard to see how we get off
it.

In a way, climate change is the easiest part of the problem to fix, because all
we have to do is stop burning fossil fuels and reform the way we farm to cut
carbon dioxide emissions. More easily said than done, as the history of the past
30 years amply demonstrates, but certainly not impossible if we take the task
seriously.

Maintaining the diversity of species (some of which we haven't even identified
yet) that provide essential "ecosystem services" is going to be far harder,
because the web of interdependence among apparently unrelated species is very
complex. At the very least, however, it is clear that we must restore around a
quarter of our agricultural land to its original "wild" state and cut back
drastically on fishing.

It's far from clear that we can do that in time and still go on feeding all of
the human population, but the alternative is worse. James Lovelock put it very
bluntly in his book The Revenge of Gaia.

"If we continue business as usual, our species may never again enjoy the lush
and verdant world we had only a hundred years ago," he wrote. "What is most in
danger is civilisation; humans are tough enough for breeding pairs to survive
... but if these huge changes do occur it seems likely that few of the teeming
billions now alive will survive." Gwynne Dyer is an independent journalist whose
articles are published in 45 countries.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved

                              876 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 29, 2014 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Beware of Explorer flaw;
Homeland Security says quit using browser

BYLINE: Elizabeth Weise, @eweise, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 335 words


The U.S. Department of Homeland Security is advising Americans not to use the
Internet Explorer Web browser until a fix is found for a serious security flaw
that came to light over the weekend.

The bug was announced on Saturday by FireEye Research Labs, an Internet security
software company.

"We are currently unaware of a practical solution to this problem," the
Department of Homeland Security's United States Computer Emergency Readiness
Team said in a post Monday morning.

It recommended that users "consider employing an alternative Web browser until
an official update is available."

The security flaw allows malicious hackers to get around security protections in
the Windows operating system. They then can be infected when visiting a
compromised website. Because the hack uses a corrupted Adobe Flash file to
attack the victim's computer, users can avoid it by turning off Adobe Flash.

"The attack will not work without Adobe Flash," FireEye said. "Disabling the
Flash plugin within IE will prevent the exploit from functioning."

While the bug affects all versions of Internet Explorer 6 through 11 it is
currently targeting IE9 and IE10, FireEye stated.

The attacks do not appear to be widespread at this time. Microsoft said it was
"aware of limited, targeted attacks that attempt to exploit" the vulnerability.

These are called "watering-hole attacks," said Satnam Narang, a threat
researcher with computer security company Symantec. Rather than directly reach
out to a victim, the hackers inject their code into a "normal, everyday website"
that the victim visits, he said. Code hidden on the site then infects their
computers.

"It's called a watering-hole attack because if you're a lion, you go to the
watering hole because you know that's where the animals go to drink."

FireEye said the hackers exploiting the bug are calling their campaign
"Operation Clandestine Fox."

Microsoft confirmed Saturday that it is working to fix the code that allows
Internet Explorer versions 6 through 11 to be exploited.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              877 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                             April 15, 2011 Friday
                                 3 Star Edition

HEARN: TV ROW WILL KO KHAN

BYLINE: DAVID ANDERSON

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 70

LENGTH: 251 words


AMIR KHAN has been warned the furore over his showdown with Paul McCloskey will
cost him his world title.

McCloskey's camp are angry Khan's management agreed to broadcast the fight on
the pay-per-view channel Primetime after a big row with Sky Sports.

McCloskey's promoter Eddie Hearn claims Khan will have been distracted and says
his unbeaten Ulsterman can take full advantage to dethrone the WBA
light-welterweight king tomorrow at Manchester's MEN Arena.

Hearn fired a broadside at Team Khan in front of the champion at yesterday's
head-to-head, saying: "I've nothing but full respect for Amir Khan, but I wonder
how the loss of pounds 1.5m in income because of the operational incompetence of
his team will affect him on the night.

"If he can stay focused on the night, then I'll take my hat off to him even more
than I have.

"I can't help but voice my disappointment at a few of the things which have
happened and at the way we've been treated. But, as they say, revenge is a dish
best served cold."

European title holder McCloskey, 31, who is 22-0, tried to capitalise on Hearn's
attempt to unnerve Khan by claiming he can exploit his weaknesses.

"I've watched the tapes of his last fight against Marcos Maidana and that fight
should have been stopped in the 10th when Amir was in so much trouble," he said.
"I've studied his weaknesses and I plan to exploit them."

McCloskey's trainer Johnny Breen claimed the fight would have happened years ago
but Khan's ex-manager Frank Warren feared his man would lose.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PRICE TO PAY Khan may suffer after his Sky bust-up

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2011 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              878 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 ComputerWorld

                               February 23, 2007

Skip Patch Tuesday Frenzy ...

BYLINE: Mark Hall

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 761 words



HIGHLIGHT: On the Mark: Hate Patch Tuesday? Mark Hall thinks you probably do,
which is why he says Blue Lane Technologies' PatchPoint appliance might be worth
your while.


... with an appliance designed to ensure that network traffic is valid. Gregory
Ness, vice president of corporate marketing at Blue Lane Technologies Inc. in
Cupertino, Calif., says that since Microsoft Corp. introduced Patch Tuesday into
the IT lexicon, systems administrators have dreaded

that day even more than Mondays. Add regular patch dates from Red Hat , Oracle ,
Sun Microsystems and others - not to mention out-of-turn patches for zero-day
exploits - and IT admins either don't patch or, having no time to the test
patches for production systems, apply the patches and cross their fingers.
"There's a feeling that the other guy is going to get attacked first," Ness
says. Allwyn Sequeira, vice president of engineering and operations at Blue
Lane, says the PatchPoint appliance looks at network traffic to determine
whether it is in violation of the latest patches. If incoming traffic, say,
threatens to create a buffer overflow, the device addresses that problem before
sending the data through, nullifying the exploit. "We don't care about the
payload," Sequeira says. He adds that PatchPoint's only task is to keep all
traffic compliant with patches, which are updated daily. By Q3, Blue Lane will
add support for MySQL . Pricing for the appliance starts at $10,000.

Orchestrate SOA app tests ...

... so your programs play well together. Most service-oriented architecture
applications run through scripted tests that have been hand-coded, claims Ken
Gardner, founder of SOASTA Inc. in Mountain View, Calif. Not only is that
testing method time- consuming, but it's also potentially error-prone, he says.
Automated testing tools are better, but most today are designed for "a different
architecture and a different time," says Gardner. "A message-based world needs a
special message-based testing tool." And he says he has one in Concerto, which
becomes generally available next month. The browser- accessible service uses a
visual timeline, similar to those in consumer software such as Garage Band. In
Concerto's Composition Editor, developers can drag and drop predefined or custom
test loads into a timeline to bang away at XML, SOAP, HTTP and all manner of SOA
components. You can control the sequence of test parameters and their timing
"down to the millisecond," Gardner says. Pricing starts at $250 per month.

Federated CMDB inches closer ...

... to standardization. Six major vendors - BMC Software , CA , Fujitsu ,
Hewlett-Packard , IBM and Microsoft - have agreed in a white paper on the
outline of what a federated configuration management database (CMDB) would look
like. According to Marv Waschke, senior technology strategist at CA, a CMDB will
give providers of management data repositories standard interfaces to register
resource information, make changes and handle queries and other tasks. Until
now, he says, if you wanted to integrate CMDB-related information between
different systems, "it was a one-off job between, say, Tivoli and Patrol, and
the work could not be duplicated." The next goal of the CMDB Working Group is to
create the specifications for implementing a CMDB. Waschke says to expect a
complete specification by early 2008. He thinks this advance is more than just a
footnote in IT history. In fact, Waschke contends, "the CMDB is going to do more
to integrate IT management than anything in my career."

Green thinking for data centers ...

... dawns on vendor consortium. Today, The Green Grid , a newly formed
consortium, will announce a set of initiatives intended to make data center
systems more energy-efficient. The Green Grid includes data center technology
suppliers Advanced Micro Devices , American Power Conversion (APC), Dell , HP,
IBM, Intel , Microsoft, Rackable Systems , SprayCool , Sun Microsystems and
VMware . The group plans to create common definitions and metrics for users and
vendors. According to John Tuccillo, director of global data center systems at
APC in West Kingston, R.I., and a member of The Green Grid's board of directors,
one of the group's thorniest tasks will be defining terms - even basic ones such
as efficiency . "What we all thought we knew, it turns out we all had a
different spin on," he says. Board member Rick Schuckle, a senior technical
staffer at Dell , says The Green Grid intends to spur energy- efficiency in
everything from microB-processors and servers to cooling systems and systems
management. Initially, The Green Grid will offer users a package of best
practices, such as ways to find "stranded capacity" within your operations. Sign
up at www.thegreengrid.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 International Data Group
                              All Rights Reserved

                              879 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                  March 14, 1999, Sunday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

Vicar victorious in Florida Derby; Baffert colts go 1-2 in San Felipe

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; HORSES; Pg. 20C

LENGTH: 718 words

DATELINE: HALLANDALE



As Vicar dueled with three other colts down the stretch of the $ 750,000 Florida
Derby, trainer Carl Nafzger had no idea who was in front.

"I was blank, just hollering "Come on!, Come on!' " Nafzger said.

In the final strides, Vicar surged past Cat Thief and Certain, then held off a
furious charge from Wondertross to win by a nose.

"I was confident he was going to run hard," Nafzger said. "The only question I
had was can this colt lie two or three lengths off the leader and punch when we
need him. Today, he showed he can."

Three weeks ago, Vicar led from the start and held off Cat Thief by a neck to
win the Fountain of Youth Stakes.

In the Florida Derby, Vicar caught the leaders, Cat Thief and Certain, at the
top of the stretch and took the lead six strides from the finish. But he still
had to withstand Wondertross' effort on the outside.

"I saw someone coming," said Shane Sellers, Vicar's jockey, "and never in my
dreams did I think it would be him." Sellers was aboard Wondertross in the
colt's previous race, a victory in a $ 32,000 allowance race on Feb. 15.

While Vicar may be the top colt in the East, he's far from the top Derby
contender. He's got plenty of company with trainer Bob Baffert's brigade of
Derby prospects.

At Santa Anita on Saturday, Baffert's duo of Prime Timber and Exploit finished
1-2 in the San Felipe Stakes and his filly, Silverbulletday, won the Fair Ground
Oaks in New Orleans. Today, Baffert sends out General Challenge in the Louisiana
Derby and the filly Excellent Meeting in the Santa Anita Oaks.

Vicar, a son of Wild Rush, returned $ 11.20, $ 6.20 and $ 3.20. Wondertross paid
$ 5.60 and $ 3.40. Cat Thief, trained by D. Wayne Lukas, went off as the 9-5
favorite and paid $ 2.60 for third.

Certain, third in the Fountain of Youth, was fourth Saturday, followed by First
American, Adonis, Aly's Alley, Casanova Star, Grits'n Hard Toast and Valid
Trefaire.

"Wondertross ran big," said Nick Zito, his trainer. "He's moving forward. The
only way he could have done better is to win it."

Lukas, too, was satisfied.

"He did fine," Lukas said. "He went to the lead earlier than we would have
liked, but I think that when he broke, the speed developed the way it did and
Pat (Day, the jockey) had to commit to that turn."

Vicar, owned by James Tafel, covered 1 1/8 miles in a slow 1:50 2/5, thanks to
early fractions of 23 2/5 for the opening quarter and 48 1/5 for the half. Vicar
has four victories and a second in six starts.

Vicar, Wondertross and Cat Thief will meet again April 10 in the Blue Grass
Stakes, and Nafzger appears to be looking forward to it.

"He stepped up today; he proved himself," the trainer said. "Now he has to prove
that he's the best of all of them."

In earlier stakes races at Gulfstream, Garbu, trained by Bill Mott and ridden by
Jerry Bailey, beat favored Wild Event by 3 3/4 lengths to take the Fort
Lauderdale Handicap in course record time of 1:39 1/5 for 1 1/16 miles; Yes It's
True beat Texas Glitter by a head in the Swale Stakes for 3-year-olds; and Jazz
Club won the $ 75,000 Creme Fraiche Handicap.

RAZORBACK HANDICAP: Desert Air took a narrow lead after a half-mile and held on
to take a 1 3/4-length victory in the mud at Oaklawn Park in Hot Springs, Ark.

DISTAFF BREEDERS' CUP HANDICAP: Furlough defeated heavily favored Catinca by a
head at Aqueduct.

WAYWARD LASS STAKES: Little Won, ridden by Joseph Rocco, circled the field to
win the featured stakes at Tampa Bay Downs. Native Gate Dancer was second,
followed by Summit Park.

SAN FELIPE STAKES: Prime Timber, wearing blinkers for the first time, handed
stablemate and Kentucky Derby future book favorite Exploit his first loss,
winning by 2 lengths at Santa Anita.

Ridden by David Flores and carrying 116 pounds, Prime Timber covered 1 1/16
miles in 1:42, four-fifths of a second off the stakes record set by Pole
Position 20 years ago. Prime Timber paid $ 7.20, $ 2.80 and $ 2.80.

Prime Timber collared 3-5 favorite Exploit and jockey Chris McCarron in
midstretch and drew away.

Flores had Prime Timber in fourth, within 2 lengths of Exploit, before making
his move.

High Wire Act set the pace until caught by Exploit at the head of the stretch,
but was able to hold on for third, one-half length behind the runner-up.


LOAD-DATE: March 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Associated Press; Vicar (5) holds off Wondertross (7) on
the outsideand Cat Thief on the inside as the wire approaches during the Florida
Derby.

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company

                              880 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

On Subway Trains and Rooftops, City Can Be a Perilous Playground

BYLINE: By KIRK SEMPLE and JOHN SURICO; Reporting was contributed by Al Baker,
Winnie Hu, Nate Schweber and Rebecca White, and research by Jack Begg.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1040 words


For generations of thrill-seeking New Yorkers, the city's landscape of tall
buildings and byways has been an obstacle course of adventure, a test of courage
and stamina.

Buildings become soaring peaks to climb, their rooftops high-risk plateaus
separated by canyons to vault with a daring leap. A skateboarder can grab the
bumper of a passing vehicle and add a thrill to a prosaic ride. And who needs
ocean waves when one can clamber atop a subway and surf it to the next stop,
even if it is illegal?

But sometimes these exploits do not go as smoothly as the imagination would have
it, ending in tragedy.

Such was the case on Thursday when Tyreek Riley, a 15-year-old playing with
friends on the roof of a four-story apartment building in Crown Heights,
Brooklyn, tried to leap across an eight-foot gap to the rooftop next door. He
missed, and plunged to his death in a concrete alley.

The death reminded parents of the many perils of childhood in the city.

''There are a lot of temptations, a lot of ways to get in trouble in this
city,'' said Kellie Terry, executive director of the Point, which offers
after-school programs for youth in the South Bronx. ''I have two boys; I worry
about them.''

The history of urban daredevilry in New York is a trail of injury and death. Yet
for some, driven by the rush of possibility or perhaps the unbridled energy of
youth and the need for social approval, the temptation is too great.

To certain minds, particularly young ones steeped in the exploits of movie
action heroes and video game avatars, these feats may seem within reach. And so
they try, their attempts mostly executed beyond the view of adults; when things
go successfully, their successes are punctuated by a surge of endorphins, the
laughter of celebration and sighs of relief.

In Crown Heights, playing on the roofs is not uncommon, residents said.

''It was a guy thing,'' said Candice Matthews, 15, a friend of Tyreek. ''It was
just a place for them to just hang out.''

In 1997, a 15-year-old boy fell to his death after trying to jump from one
rooftop to another across the same street from the building where Tyreek died.

Friends of Tyreek interviewed on Friday said he was active in his church,
including its choir. They found it hard to believe that he would have tried to
jump between the buildings and they speculated that it might have been an
accident. ''It just doesn't seem like something he would do,'' said Anne-Marie
Pimental, 16, as she stood with friends in front of the building where Tyreek
died and someone had assembled a small memorial of candles.

Clayton Figgurs, 22, a neighbor, said that when he was growing up, he preferred
to play ''closer to the ground.'' But many students in his high school wanted to
make their games more exciting, so they sought higher altitudes.

''It just always sent the wrong message to me,'' he said. ''Like, why risk it?
It becomes a literal leap of death.''

Earl Cunningham, 72, lectured his children about the dangers of some of the
other pursuits that have been practiced in New York City, including an act known
as skitching in which a cyclist, skateboarder or in-line skater grabs a vehicle
-- commonly a bus -- and gets pulled like a water skier.

''What if the bus takes a quick turn?'' he asked. ''How can you know?''

For years, daredevils in New York have used the subway system for their exploits
, including clinging to the side of the cars (known as skylarking) or riding on
top of them (surfing). Since 2013, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority has
received reports of 329 skylarking or surfing episodes, with two ending in
fatalities, said Kevin Ortiz, an agency spokesman.

With the proliferation of smartphones, some surfers and skylarkers have taken to
recording their exploits and posting them online.

David Adu, 20, a college student at Carnegie Mellon University who was sitting
in a park near Yankee Stadium on Friday, said that a couple of his high school
friends once surfed a No. 4 subway and had their friends record the ride with a
phone.

Mr. Adu said he watched the video but never wanted to try it himself. ''It
wasn't worth my life,'' he said. ''I thought it was really, really stupid.''

In recent years, a newer form of urban adventuring known as parkour, which
originated in France, has surged in popularity around the world, including in
New York, in part fueled by videos of expert practitioners on YouTube. A kind of
gymnastics, it involves jumping, vaulting, tumbling and flips using the
surrounding environment like walls, mailboxes and roofs.

Some of the most dramatic videos include leaps between buildings or, in the case
of the opening chase scene in the James Bond film ''Casino Royale,'' a dramatic
chase around a high-rise construction site, including a scramble on top of two
towering construction cranes.

But parkour practitioners point out that while the experts may make the sport
appear simple and fluid, it requires intense and disciplined training to do it
safely and well.

''Everything we talk about is safety,'' said Mark Toorock, founder of American
Parkour, an academy based in Washington. Told about Mr. Riley's death, Mr.
Toorock sounded despondent. ''It's terrible for me to hear that a kid got
hurt,'' he said, sighing. ''It's hard to be a kid, to stand out, to be unique.''

Elijah Ortega, 14, a ninth grader in the Bronx, said he tried parkour last year
after seeing his brother do it, jumping off bleachers and turning somersaults
and back flips at parks in the Bronx.

''It makes you feel your environment,'' he said. ''It feels good to associate
with nature.''

Elijah said he quit because of the dangers and now sticks to basketball and
baseball.

For Ms. Terry of the Point, Tyreek's death this week highlights a need for more
after-school programs to better engage the city's youth.

''I'm a kid who grew up in the Bronx, and I know very well that the most
tempting time is the time you're out of school,'' she said. She also said that
she saw in Tyreek's attempted leap personality traits that should have been
better cultivated.

''He was a go-getter, a daredevil, he was ambitious!'' she exclaimed. ''Imagine
if he had been channeled!''

She paused. ''Such a missed opportunity,'' she said.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/14/nyregion/on-rooftops-and-trains-daredevil-stun
ts-in-new-york-can-turn-deadly.html

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Tyreek Riley
Anne-Marie Pimental, 16, left, is consoled on Friday as friends of Tyreek
gathered at a memorial in front of 1153 President Street, where the teenager
fell to his death. (PHOTOGRAPH BY MICHAEL NAGLE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
The gap between apartment buildings in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, where Tyreek
Riley, 15, fell to his death on Thursday. While playing with friends, he tried
to leap from one rooftop to the next. (A16)
 Children leaping from one rooftop to the next in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, is
not uncommon, according to residents. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY MICHAEL APPLETON FOR THE
NEW YORK TIMES) (A20)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company

                              881 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

Tennessee: Victoria Wallace Sentenced To 216 Months In Prison For Child Sex
Trafficking

LENGTH: 412  words

DATELINE: Nashville


United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of Tennessee has issued
the following press release:

Victoria Wallace, a/k/a "Prune the Goon," 20, of Memphis, TN, was sentenced
Friday to 216 months in federal prison for her role in a child sex trafficking
conspiracy, announced U.S. Attorney Edward L. Stanton III.

At the sentencing hearing, Senior U.S. District Judge Jon Phipps McCalla heard
testimony that Wallace was a high-ranking member of the Piru Street gang who
used force and threats of force to control her victims. One of her juvenile
victims testified that she saw Wallace drag a woman by her hair while beating
her. That juvenile also identified threatening text messages that Wallace sent
her during the investigation of the case.

The juvenile explained that Wallace drove her and three other minors to New
Orleans for the purpose of having them prostitute. Wallace also put minors to
work in prostitution in Memphis, according to the juvenile. The juvenile
testified that Wallace kept the money her victims made and threatened them if
they refused to work.

Wallace pled guilty on January 2, 2013, to a child sex trafficking conspiracy
charge. There is no possibility of parole in the federal system.

"Wallace's sentence of 18 years in federal prison should send an unequivocal
message: if you sexually exploit a child for profit, you will be held
accountable," said United States Attorney Stanton. "Working with our law
enforcement partners, we will remain relentless in doing whatever it takes to
protect our most vulnerable citizens - our children - from those who engage in
sex trafficking."

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation working in
conjunction with the Memphis Police Department. It was prosecuted by Assistant
United States Attorney Jonathan Skrmetti and Trial Attorney Keith Becker from
the U.S. Department of Justice Criminal Division's Child Exploitation and
Obscenity Section.

This case was brought as part of Project Safe Childhood (PSC), a nationwide
initiative of the Department of Justice to combat the growing epidemic of child
sexual exploitation and abuse. Led by the United States Attorneys' Offices and
the Criminal Division's Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section, PSC marshals
federal, state, and local resources to locate, apprehend, and prosecute
individuals who sexually exploit children, and to identify and rescue victims.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/tnw

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              882 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Final tune-up for most starters;
Look for Bortles in second quarter with first-team offense

BYLINE: Ryan O'Halloran

SECTION: Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 735 words


Some for quarterback Chad Henne and receiver Cecil Shorts. More for quarterback
Blake Bortles and middle linebacker Paul Posluszny. And plenty for right guard
Brandon Linder and center Jacques McClendon.

Those six players will start for the Jaguars in Friday night's preseason game at
Detroit, but their workload will vary greatly.

The third preseason game is traditionally the final tune-up for the starting
players; if they appear at all Thursday against Atlanta, it will be for one or
two series. Essentially, this is it until the Jaguars open the regular season
Sept. 7 at Philadelphia.

With an eye toward the Eagles, the Jaguars have several objectives against a
Lions team with a new coach (Jim Caldwell) but the same big names (Matthew
Stafford, Calvin Johnson and Ndamukong Suh):

Get Bortles his initial game action with and against starter-quality players.
He's expected to replace Henne sometime in the second quarter.

Make sure Shorts, who will be making his preseason debut after missing three
weeks with a hamstring injury, gets productive work.

Achieve some clarity at the center spot. McClendon gets the start and a chance
to replace Mike Brewster.

And, above all, stay healthy. Period.

In last year's third preseason game - a home loss to Philadelphia - the
first-team offense and defense each played 46 snaps, departing with 8:50 and
6:21 left in the third quarter, respectively.

"We say [they'll] play three quarters, but we'll also look at the number of
plays," Jaguars coach Gus Bradley said. "You'll see some guys who won't play a
full three quarters."

Chief on that list are Shorts, Posluszny, Henne, running back Toby Gerhart,
tight end Marcedes Lewis and defensive ends Red Bryant and Chris Clemons.

Henne's goal is to pick up where he left off in Chicago. The Jaguars scored 13
points in Henne's four drives that measured 41, 75, 23 and 27 yards.

"Chad's biggest improvement was the fact we were able to get him some
opportunities to throw the ball down the field," offensive coordinator Jedd
Fisch said. "He was able to take some shots and he was able to move the ball
with great tempo."

Seven of Henne's 17 pass attempts against the Bears traveled 10 more yards
downfield.

The Jaguars are sure to keep some offensive wrinkles in the hopper - they want
to have a few surprises for the Eagles. But also expect Fisch to be diverse with
his personnel groupings and play-calling.

"I think we're just going to run our offense," Henne said. "If we have something
out there that we want to exploit, we're going to exploit it. We're not going to
shy away and not take advantage of what they're going to give us.

"You want to get established again on offense, move the ball, score some points
and get your work in."

And then get out of the way for Bortles.

Bortles has been effective this preseason (18-of-28 passing for 277 yards) and
this game presents a new challenge. The Lions threw some blitzes at Oakland's
quarterbacks last week, something Bortles hasn't faced so far. And the more
situations - goal-line, red zone, two-minute - the better.

"It will be good to see him continue getting experience," Fisch said.

Bortles will get a chance to display his knowledge to the starters, but the
second-teamers have already been impressed.

"When he comes into a huddle, he's a general so you have to respect him,"
running back Denard Robinson said. "Anybody who has watched him in the games or
practices can see he has confidence."

Despite Bortles' progress, the Jaguars are adamant Henne will start against the
Eagles, but other jobs remain up for grabs.

Sixteen days before the opener, the Jaguars haven't declared starters at center,
right guard and the Otto linebacker.

Right guard: McClendon started the first two games, but Linder - who missed the
Tampa Bay game with a foot injury - will get the nod and is the favorite to get
the Week 1 assignment.

Center: Brewster is in and McClendon is out ... for now. Keep an eye on rookie
Luke Bowanko - if he gets snaps with the starters vs. Detroit, it could be a
clue about the Jaguars' plan.

Otto linebacker: Dekoda Watson began practicing Sunday nearly two months after a
second sports hernia surgery. But this job remains LaRoy Reynolds' to lose and
he hasn't done anything to suggest he's not up for the task.

Ryan O'Halloran: (904) 359-4401

NFL PRESEASON: JAGUARS AT LIONS

When: 7:30 p.m., Friday.

Where: Ford Field, Detroit.

TV/Radio: WJXT TV-4/WJXL (1010 AM, WGNE 99.9 FM).

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Times-Union and Associated Pres photos Top (from left): Center Jacques
McClendon, quarterback Chad Henne, linebacker Paul Posluszny. Bottom (from
left): Quarterback Blake Bortles, wide receiver Cecil Shorts and guard Brandon
Linder. Andrew Nelles Associated Press Jaguars quarterback Chad Henne passes
against the Bears during the first half of their preseason game in Chicago last
week.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Florida Times-Union

                              883 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   InfoWorld

                               February 26, 2001

JavaScript spy creates an e-mail wiretap

By James Evans

SECTION: ENTERPRISE NETWORKING; Pg. 64a

LENGTH: 557 words

A NEWLY IDENTIFIED snooping technology allows someone sending an e-mail
 message to see what the recipient wrote when forwarding the message to
 another user, according to an Internet privacy group.

 It really is a wiretap, and it's "very illegal and very easy to do," said
 Richard Smith, chief technology officer for the Privacy Foundation based in
 Denver, in a column he wrote for the non-profit educational and research
 organization. The vulnerability exists in e-mail programs that use HTML.

 A few lines of JavaScript can be embedded in an e-mail message allowing the
 recipient's message to be returned to the original sender. It only works,
 however, if the recipient's e-mail program is set to read JavaScript.

 Smith learned about the e-mail exploit while working on research on Web bugs.

 An invisible image is embedded in a Web page or e-mail message that, when
 viewed, quietly transmits a message back to a remote computer. He
 corresponded with Carl Voth, an engineer in British Columbia, who told Smith

 about the JavaScript vulnerability. Voth is believed to have discovered the
 flaw, which he calls the "reaper exploit" in October 1998.

 Computer scientists from the Privacy Foundation have learned that the exploit

 only works when the recipient is using an HTML/JavaScript-enabled e-mail
 reader such as Microsoft's Outlook, Outlook Express, or version 6 of
 Netscape's Web browser package. Eudora, Qualcomm's e-mail software, and
 version 6 of America Online's latest client software are not affected as
 JavaScript is turned off by default. Microsoft's Hotmail and other Web-based

 e-mail systems automatically remove JavaScript programs from incoming e-mail

 messages and therefore are not vulnerable.

 The Microsoft Security Response Center investigated the exploit when it was
 first discovered more than two years ago and looked into it again when
 contacted by Smith, a company spokeswoman said.

 "This is not a product flaw -- this is inherently in the nature of HTML
 mail," the spokeswoman said. "Customers who do not want this functionality
 can disable it. It's disabled by default on recent versions of our e-mail
 clients."

 The Outlook Security Patch, which has been available for almost a year,
 configures Outlook in a way that prevents scripts from running in HTML e-mail

 messages. The most recent version of Outlook Express disables the scripting
 in HTML e-mail messages by default, the spokeswoman said.

 Smith, in his column, worries that the exploit may be used often and that
 people may try to gain access to information, which they normally would not
 be privileged to see. For example, users may send a resume via e-mail and
 then learn what the potential employer thinks about their qualifications,
 Smith writes.

 The Privacy Foundation has requested Microsoft and Netscape to turn off
 JavaScript code by default in all of their e-mail readers.

 James Evans is a correspondent with the IDG News Service, an InfoWorld
 affiliate.


LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 InfoWorld Media Group

                              884 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 8, 2013 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Rushing for the Arctic's Riches

BYLINE: By MICHAEL T. KLARE.

A professor of peace and world security studies at Hampshire College and the
author, most recently, of ''The Race for What's Left.''

SECTION: Section SR; Column 0; Sunday Review Desk; OPINION; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1100 words


AMHERST, Mass. -- WHILE many existing oil and gas reserves in other parts of the
world are facing steep decline, the Arctic is thought to possess vast untapped
reservoirs. Approximately 13 percent of the world's undiscovered oil deposits
and 30 percent of its natural gas reserves are above the Arctic Circle,
according to the United States Geological Survey. Eager to tap into this
largess, Russia and its Arctic neighbors -- Canada, Norway, the United States,
Iceland and Denmark (by virtue of its authority over Greenland) -- have
encouraged energy companies to drill in the region.

For Russia, which recently seized a Greenpeace ship and is prosecuting 30 of the
group's activists for attempting to scale an oil platform, the temptation to
exploit the Arctic Ocean is especially powerful. Russia's economy is heavily
dependent on exports of oil and gas, and the government relies on these sales
for much of its income. Until recently, the Russians could draw on reservoirs in
western Siberia to satisfy their needs, but now, with many of these fields in
decline, they are counting on Arctic supplies to maintain current production
levels. ''Our first and main task is to turn the Arctic into Russia's resource
base of the 21st century,'' Dmitri A. Medvedev, then the president, declared in
2008.

The Russians have explored drilling options in several offshore areas of the
Arctic. In the Pechora Sea, above northwestern Siberia, the Russian energy giant
Gazprom has installed its Prirazlomnaya platform -- the one protesting
Greenpeace activists attempted to board. Further east, in the Kara Sea, the
state-owned Rosneft is collaborating with ExxonMobil to develop promising
deposits; Rosneft has also teamed up with Statoil of Norway and Eni of Italy to
investigate prospects in the Barents Sea.

But Russia is hardly alone in seeking to exploit the Arctic. Norway, like
Russia, derives considerable income from gas and oil exports and is under
pressure to develop reserves in the Barents Sea to compensate for the decline of
its existing fields in the North and Norwegian Seas. Other areas of the Arctic
are also being eyed for development. Cairn Energy of Edinburgh has sunk
exploratory wells in waters off Greenland, for example, while Royal Dutch Shell
is attempting to develop fields off Alaska.

For all of its promise, however, the Arctic is not likely to surrender its
resources easily. Sea ice covers much of the area in winter, and storms pose a
constant danger. Global warming is likely to reduce the extent of sea ice in the
summer and fall, permitting extended drilling operations, but it could also
produce unruly weather and other perils. Adding another layer of risk, many of
the boundary lines in the Arctic remain to be fully demarcated, and various
Arctic powers have threatened to use military force in the event that one or
another intrudes on what they view as their sovereign territory.

The severe challenges of operating in the Arctic have already proved daunting
for Shell, which has spent $4.5 billion to exploit reserves off Alaska but has
yet to drill a single producing well. Some of these challenges are legal --
indigenous communities and environmentalists, fearing the contamination of local
waters and a threat to wildlife, have filed lawsuits to prevent the company from
drilling.

In addition, the Arctic itself has proved to be a formidable adversary: In the
summer of 2012, during Royal Dutch Shell's first attempt to probe its Arctic
deposits, shifting winds and floating ice halted drilling. Several months later,
when one of its drilling rigs ran aground during an especially severe storm,
Shell announced that it would suspend operations in Alaska's Arctic waters and
that before it proceeded, it would bolster its capacity to operate there.

Shell's misfortunes have heightened concern that Arctic drilling poses an
unacceptable threat to the region. Any major spill that occurs there is likely
to prove far more destructive than the one produced in the Gulf of Mexico by the
Deepwater Horizon disaster in April 2010, because of both the lack of adequate
response capabilities and the likelihood that ice floes and sea ice will impede
cleanup operations. As more companies push into the Arctic and accelerate their
operations there, the risk of accidents and spills is bound to increase. The
fact that Shell -- one of the most technically advanced oil companies -- has so
far proved unable to overcome these risks should provoke intense concern over
the prospect that other, less proficient firms will soon be operating in these
perilous waters.

The risk of conflict over the ownership of contested territories is likely to
grow. Five of the Arctic states have asserted exclusive drilling rights to
boundary areas also claimed by one of the others, and control over the polar
region itself remains contentious. In an area with the ''potential for tapping
what may be as much as a quarter of the planet's undiscovered oil and gas,''
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel warned recently, ''a flood of interest in
energy exploration has the potential to heighten tensions over other issues.''

So far, not one of these disputes has provoked a military response, and the
Arctic states have pledged to refrain from such action. However, most of the
Arctic states have also asserted their right to defend their offshore
territories with force and have taken steps to enhance their ability to fight in
these areas. Russia, for example, recently announced plans to establish what it
calls a ''cutting-edge military infrastructure'' in the Arctic.

None of this, however, is likely to deter other interested countries. With the
demand for oil at an all-time high and existing fields incapable of satisfying
global needs, the major energy firms are bound to pursue every conceivable
source of supply. It is essential, then, that tough constraints be placed on
Arctic drilling operations and that steps be taken to reduce tensions in the
area. Some progress has been made by the Arctic Council, a consultative forum of
Arctic nations. But much remains unresolved.

One way to impose formal restraints would be to devise and adopt an Arctic
Treaty modeled on the Antarctic Treaty of 1959. Like that earlier measure, an
Arctic compact would delineate the region's maritime boundaries and establish
limits on military activities. It could also impose environmental protections
and provide for the safe passage of civilian vessels through Arctic waters. In
the end, no extra measure of oil and natural gas is worth the destruction of
pristine wilderness or the onset of an Arctic arms race.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/12/08/opinion/sunday/rushing-for-the-arctics-riches.
html

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MAP: Who Owns the Arctic: Territorial claims of countries in the Arctic
are being spurred by the presence of large caches of oil and natural gas,
melting ice and dwindling energy reserves in other  regions. (Sources:  American
Association of Petroleum  Geologists, Bureau of Ocean Energy  Management,
International Boundaries  Research Unit at Durham University,  Energy
Information Administration,  KlimaCampus Integrated Climate  Data Center, U.S.
Geological  Survey) (MAP BY BADEN COPELAND AND DEREK WATKINS/THE NEW YORK TIMES)
(SR6-SR7)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company

                              885 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 22, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

The Theremin: Music at Your Fingertips, or Your Elbows or Knees

BYLINE: By ERIC A. TAUB

SECTION: Section G; Page 12; Column 1; Circuits

LENGTH: 763 words


WE all harbor secret ambitions, and often they're of the exploits we're least
likely to be able to achieve. People with tin ears fantasize that they can sing
like Caruso or play like Horowitz.

The RCA Corporation once thought it had figured out how to turn such human
yearnings into a profitable business. In 1929, it tried to exploit the fantasies
of closet musicians by selling a musical instrument that could supposedly turn
the masses into maestros.

"Anyone can make exquisitely beautiful music with nothing but his own two
hands!" crowed the advertising copy for the instrument, called a theremin, the
only one that is played without touching any part of it. It is "destined to be
the universal musical instrument," the advertisements said, and people will play
it as easily "as they now write or walk."

The reality was, and is, that the theremin, the granddaddy of all electronic
musical instruments, is considered by many of its enthusiasts to be the world's
most difficult instrument to play. RCA found out the hard way; it sold just 485
of them, which each cost $175 (more than $1,500 in 1999 dollars).

But that wasn't the end for the theremin, which uses simple electronic
principles to produce a somewhat eerie sound, a cross between an amplified
child's slide whistle, a human voice and the squawks that emanated from early
radio speakers.

If you have listened to the Beach Boys' hit "Good Vibrations," you've heard a
theremin riff. The theremin was used to produce the otherworldly music in 40's
and 50's films like "Spellbound," "The Lost Weekend" and "The Day the Earth
Stood Still." Today, enthusiasts gather at conferences and on the Web (a
starting point is www.nashville.net/theremin) to trade experiences and tips.

"The creation of the theremin was a seminal moment, the primal scream of the
beginning of electronic music," said Albert Glinsky, an associate professor of
music at Mercyhurst College in Erie, Pa., who is the author of the forthcoming
book, "Out Of Thin Air" (University of Illinois Press), a history of the
instrument and its extraordinary inventor, Lev Sergeyevich Termen, a name later
Anglicized to Leon Theremin.

The classic theremin looks much like a portable lectern with two antennas
sticking out. Early audiences often thought the whole thing a hoax.

Theremin discovered the principles behind the instrument when working as a
researcher in 1920 in Leningrad. He moved to the United States in 1927, then
went back to the Soviet Union in 1938.

Rumor has it that he was kidnapped by the K.G.B. (he was sent to a Siberian
labor camp for three months). While saving the details for his book, Professor
Glinsky said the circumstances were actually more complex than that. The
inventor remained under house arrest until 1947, when he was secretly awarded
the Stalin Prize for inventing the Soviet Union's first electronic eavesdropping
device.

The sound of the theremin is controlled by moving one's hands close to two
antennas set into the box: The vertical antenna controls the pitch, while a
horizontal loop antenna affects the volume. The theremin is so difficult to play
because there are no visual or physical cues to indicate when you are hitting
the right note. With the theremin, the player has no idea exactly what note will
come out; while modern instruments can produce sounds across a range of five to
six octaves, moving the hand as little as one-sixteenth of an inch can change
the note by a half-step in some models.

The technique most players use is to start to play a note at a very low volume
and then to "trim" it quickly, either up or down, to reach the exact pitch. Only
then is the volume raised. Staccato sounds, or separated notes, are created by
moving the left hand toward the horizontal volume antenna to stop the sound,
then moving the right hand to the proper distance from the vertical pitch
antenna before raising the volume again.

Interest in the instrument is growing. Robert Moog, inventor of the first
electronic synthesizer and a theremin enthusiast, has sold more than 4,000
theremins since his company, Big Briar, opened its doors five years ago.
Theremins are also available from Wavefront Technologies in Los Angeles.

The definitive theremin recordings are by Clara Rockmore, a Russian immigrant
and protege of Theremin's. "To play like Clara Rockmore is impossible," said
Alex Schub, a musician from Los Angeles who recently performed on the theremin
with the Los Angeles Philharmonic. "She played the theremin like a violinist,
and nobody else can do that."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "The Sound of Motion: Music"
Scientists and engineers sometimes dismiss a vague and somewhat speculative
treatment of a subject as all hand waving. In the case of the theremin, the
first practical electronic instrument, the playing is, quite literally, all hand
waving. You stand still and move your hands near the antennas. The result is
ethereal, otherworldly music -- if you're good. If you're not, the sound, if not
musical, is still otherworldly.

The Theremin Deconstructed
The antennas make all the difference and are quite visible, as in the 1929 RCA
model, shown here. (Modern theremins can be much smaller because they don't need
vacuum tubes.) Hand movements near the vertical antenna control the pitch, and
movements near the horizontal antenna adjust the volume.

The theremin generates fixed- and variable-frequency radio signals, each
produced by an oscillator circuit, and the sound that is generated is based on
the combination of the waves. The interaction of the two frequencies can be
affected by holding a hand near the vertical antenna. The hand disrupts the
electromagnetic field around the antenna, thus affecting the circuit and the
interaction of the frequencies. Sound emerges when the signals from the two
frequencies are passed through a detector (also called a mixer), which subtracts
one frequency from the other, producing a third. That signal is passed through
an amplifier to a speaker.

Volume is reduced by moving a hand closer to the horizontal antenna, which makes
the temperature of a vacuum tube drop, reducing the tube's ability to power the
amplifier.

This RCA theremin's range was about three and a half octaves. Contemporary
theremins create sounds with a range of five to six octaves. Here's how the RCA
theremin's range compared with the piano's.

How It Works
The theremin generates FIXED AND VARIABLE FREQUENCY SIGNALS that interact. The
final frequency is the result of subtracting one from the other. When that is
fed through an amplifier and loudspeaker, an audible tone is produced.

The player's hand disrupts the ELECTROMAGNETIC FIELD of the antenna, changing
the variable frequency signal and thus the pitch of the theremin's sound.

Playing the Theremin

VOLUME CONTROL
Moving the hand away from the volume antenna raises the volume. Careful and
controlled up-and-down movements of the left hand help with the articulation of
discrete notes and with playing dynamics.

PITCH CONTROL
The closer the hand is to the antenna, the higher the pitch. The farther the
hand moves away from the pitch control antenna, the smaller the electrical
effect exerted by the body. That results in a smaller difference between the
fixed and variable frequency signals, creating a lower-pitched sound.

(The New York Times; Illustration by Mika Grondahl; Photograph of Clara Rockmore
by Renato Toppo)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                              886 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

Happy Columbus Day! Not Indigenous People's Day.

LENGTH: 660  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Independent Women's Forum's Association has issued the following
news release:



  Today, we celebrate Columbus Day. This American federal holiday is more than a
day off, but a remembrance of the exploits of Christopher Columbus.





 Apparently though, many U.S. cities and states are ditching this holiday to
celebrate Indigenous People's Day. It's not a consumer-driven holiday like
National Waffle Day, but an effort to rebrand this holiday to shift the focus
from the Italian explorer to those people he "conquered" or who occupied the
lands he discovered.



 The state of Vermont and U.S. cities like Seattle, Phoenix have joined at least
a dozen other communities in passing measures designating the second Monday in
October as Indigenous Peoples Day. As we learn:



     "Indigenous Peoples Day represents a shift in consciousness," said Dr. Leo
Killsback, a citizen of the Northern Cheyenne Nation and assistant professor of
American Indian Studies at Arizona State University.



     "It acknowledges that indigenous peoples and their voices are important in
today's conversations."



 History has worn the shine off of Columbus and instead of a brave explorer,
he's now painted as a murder and rapist who never really discovered America
because he wasn't the first European to reach the "New World." He enslaved
natives in the Caribbean, open the door to European settlement of North America
and the Caribbean, and paved the way for the European slave trade.



 Beyond just political correctness, we're seeing he application of current
social norms and practices to the past in an unequal and unfair criticism of
what should've have been done or how it should have been accomplished.



 It's easy with hindsight to criticize the practices of Columbus and other
explorers as not aligning with current human rights conventions while ignoring
the immense exploits that they accomplished. We can fly from anywhere on the
East Coast to the Caribbean islands in a matter of hours, but explorers risked
months (if not years) of treacherous sailing into the unknown for the prospect
of the financial gain by discovering what the known world had yet to see, taste
or experience.



 Celebrating Columbus doesn't have to take away from the Indigenous People who
lived in the Americas. We can acknowledge both and I say that as someone whose
descended from Carib Indians and other Indigenous People (among my other
ancestors).



 I was born on Montserrat, a tiny island (about 40 square miles) in the
Caribbean. Christopher Columbus sighted and named my island in 1493 during one
of his travels. Because of our island's lush green volcanic hills, he named us
after a monestary in Spain. It took another over 150 years for Montserrat to be
colonized though by persecuted Irish Catholics from nearby islands. Slavery
started not too long after that and the slave population eventually far
surpassed the white settlers on the island. The slaves revolted and eventually
slavery was abolished in 1834 - almost a generation before slavery ended in the
U.S.



 I'm glad Columbus spotted my island and that it was eventually colonized.
Slavery is a dark spot on our history, but it led to the unique development of
the Caribbean. Today, we enjoy a rich blend of traditions that reflects strong
Irish influences (from our surnames to our celebration of St. Patrick's Day)
along with African-inspired dishes and practices.



 History is not pretty and that's a lesson to teach our children. Scrubbing
history to remove the wrongs from our collective memory is dangerous. How else
can we avoid repeating the wrongs from our past if we ignore what happened? We
also learn about who we are today from our history.



 We also must celebrate victories and exploits. They inspire future generations
to achieve what has never been possible.



 So, Happy Christopher Columbus Day!



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              887 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Louisiana: Attorney General Jeff Landry Joins Law Enforcement Partners to Tackle
Flooding Fraud

LENGTH: 406  words

DATELINE: New York



 Baton Rouge: Office of the Louisiana Attorney General, The state of Louisiana
has issued the following news release:



 Attorney General Jeff Landry joined federal, state, and local leaders to
announce the National Center for Disaster Fraud (NCDF) Hotline dealing with
complaints of fraud following the devastating flood in South Louisiana. This
collaborative effort will assist in monitoring fraud complaints and assigning
them to the appropriate agency for further action.





 "Our office will continue to do all we can to assist those impacted by the
flooding," said General Landry. "From receiving and investigating consumer
complaints to educating victims of potential scams, the Louisiana Department of
Justice remains dedicated to serving the people of our State and protecting
their precious tax dollars. We stand united with our partners to ensure the
storm's victims receive the help they need and do not fall prey to those who
want to exploit the system."



 The NCDF, established by the U.S. Department of Justice following Hurricane
Katrina, is an organization of law enforcement agents who provide a nationwide
call center for members of the public to report all types of disaster fraud and
who review those reports and make referrals to the appropriate investigative
agencies.



 General Landry joined U.S. Attorney Walt Green, FBI Special Agent-in-Charge
Jeff Sallet, and numerous other law enforcement officials in announcing the
national hotline: 1-866-720-5721, which will be prominently displayed on
billboards across the flood damaged areas.



 "The NCDF and its partners are united in the common belief that those who
fraudulently exploit tragedy and disaster for personal gain must be aggressively
investigated and prosecuted," said Mr. Green. "I am proud of the vast coalition
of law enforcement agencies for every level that have come together under the
NCDF umbrella to combat those fraudsters who invariably seek to take advantage
of communities suffering from disasters."



 "In order to be successful in keeping the great citizens of Louisiana safe from
scammers and fraudsters, we must have a strong partnership," said Mr. Sallet.
"General Landry's dedication to this effort has been apparent since he got into
office. I am glad to stand beside him in this effort as Louisiana rebuilds and
recovers."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              888 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 4, 2013 Tuesday

US Patent granted to International Business Machines Corporation (New York) on
June 04 titled as "Methods, computer program products and data structures for
intrusion detection, intrusion response and vulnerability remediation across
target computer systems"

LENGTH: 311 words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,458,793, on
June 04, 2013, to International Business Machines Corporation (New York), titled
as "Methods, computer program products and data structures for intrusion
detection, intrusion response and vulnerability remediation across target
computer systems"

Inventors: McKenna; John J. (Cary, NC)

Assignee: International Business Machines Corporation (Armonk, NY)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Computer security threat management information is generated by receiving a
notification of a security threat and/or a notification of a test that detects
intrusion of a computer security threat. A computer-actionable TMV is generated
from the notification that was received. The TMV includes a computer-readable
field that provides identification of at least one system type that is effected
by the computer security threat, a computer-readable field that provides
identification of a release level for a system type, and a computer-readable
field that provides identification of the test that detects intrusion of the
computer security threat for a system type and a release level, a
computer-readable field that provides identification of a method to reverse the
intrusion exploit of the computer security threat for a system type and a
release level, and a computer-readable field that provides identification of a
method to remediate the vulnerability subject to exploit of the computer
security threat for a system type and a release level. The TMV is transmitted to
target systems for processing by the target systems."

The patent was filed on July 13, 2004 Application no. 10/890,798

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              889 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Wales on Sunday

                                 June 10, 2012
                                  1st Edition

No.7 WALES HUGH EDWARDS

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 339 words


ROWING has formed a considerable part of the Welsh Olympic medal tally.

There have been six Welsh medals, shared between five rowers.

Albert Gladstone, grandson of former Prime Minister William, set the ball
rolling by winning a gold as part of the men's coxed eight in London in 1908.

Charles Wiggins won bronze in the 1980 coxless pairs in Moscow before Tom James
and Tom Lucy won gold and silver respectively in the men's fours and eights at
the 2008 Games in Beijing.

But it was the exploits of Hugh 'Jumbo' Edwards in Los Angeles in 1932 which
have proved the most remarkable.

This was when Edwards became only the second man in Olympic history to win two
gold medals on the same day by claiming victories in the coxless fours and
pairs.

First Edwards won the coxless pairs with Lewis Clive and then he was a member of
the coxless fours, having been brought in as a late sub for Thomas Tyler who
contracted flu after arriving in California.

This was a wondrous display of stamina for a man who had collapsed in the 1926
Boat Race, while rowing for Oxford, because of a heart problem.

In the present day, James will be hoping he can emulate at London 2012 such a
feat after overcoming being diagnosed with atrial fibrillation last winter to be
included in the coxless fours boat.

Edwards's rowing exploits were later to help save his life long after retiring.

After being commissioned into the RAF in 1931, Edwards became a well-known
racing pilot and, in his own plane, finished second in the King's Cup of 1935.

During the war, he served with Coastal Command, winning the AFC in 1943 and the
DFC the following year.

In 1943, his rowing ability saved his life. Being forced to ditch his Liberator
off Land's End, he rowed a dinghy for four miles before getting clear of the
minefield in which he had landed.

He was the only survivor of his crew. Group Captain Edwards retired from RAF in
1946 and soon developed a reputation as an innovative coach.

He coached Britain's Olympic eight in 1960 and died in 1972, aged 66.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The Great British coxless fours in action in 1932

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ws


                    Copyright 2012 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              890 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             KCPQ/KMYQ-TV (Seattle)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 31, 2011 Wednesday

Company must demonstrate how it prevents trafficking of minors

BYLINE: KCPQ/KMYQ-TV, Seattle

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 704 words


Aug. 31--OLYMPIA -- Washington State Attorney General Rob McKenna and 45 other
attorneys general have requested information from Backpage.com about how it is
going to remove advertising for sex trafficking, especially ads that could
involve minors.

In a letter to the online classified site's lawyers, the attorneys general said
that Backpage.com claims it has strict policies to prevent illegal activity. Yet
the chief legal officers of Washington state, Missouri and Connecticut have
found hundreds of ads on Backpage.com's regional sites that are clearly for
illegal services.

"It does not require forensic training to understand that these advertisements
are for prostitution," the attorneys general wrote.

The letter said the hub for illegal sex ads is a magnet for those seeking to
exploit minors and points to more than 50 cases, in 22 states over three years,
involving the trafficking or attempted trafficking of minors through
Backpage.com.

"These are only the stories that made it into the news; many more instances
likely exist," the attorneys general wrote. They also reminded Backpage.com of a
2010 request from nearly two dozen attorneys general asking that the adult
services site be taken down.

Seattle Mayor Mike McGinn complimented McKenna for his efforts. McGinn said:

"I thank Attorney General Rob McKenna and the attorneys general across the
country for calling on Backpage.com to stop being an accelerant for the sexual
exploitation of children. Today's announcement by 46 attorneys general is
further evidence of the broad and deep public desire for Village Voice Media to
protect our children and change its practices."

"Traffickers who exploit runaways and other disadvantaged kids shouldn't be
provided with a powerful online clearinghouse," McKenna said. "The only way for
Backpage.com to completely stop child sex trafficking on its site is to take
down adult services advertisements altogether and take aggressive steps to be
sure such ads don't surface elsewhere on the site."

McKenna added that kids aren't capable, legally or otherwise, to consent to be
sold for sex. And regardless of a prostitute's age, it's difficult to know
whether the person advertised is being coerced.

The letter from state attorneys general makes a series of requests to
Backpage.com, asking that the company willingly provide information in lieu of a
subpoena. For example, in order to substantiate the claim that the company
enforces policies to prevent illegal activity, the attorneys general ask that
Backpage.com describe in detail its understanding of what precisely constitutes
"illegal activity," and whether advertisements for prostitution fall into that
category. The attorneys general also ask, among other requests, how many
advertisements in its adult section and subsections have been submitted since
Sept. 1, 2010, how many of those advertisements were individually screened, how
many were rejected and how many were removed after being discovered to be for
illegal services.

In 2008, McKenna helped lead 42 other attorneys general in reaching an agreement
with Craigslist to crack down on illegal listings, in an effort to reduce crimes
like distributing child pornography and human trafficking. Craigslist ultimately
removed its "erotic services" section altogether in May 2009. McKenna, president
of the National Association of Attorneys General, in June announced a national
initiative to reduce human trafficking.

Industry analysts suggest that Village Voice's stake in adult services
advertisements is worth about $22.7 million in annual revenue. Many state
attorneys general believe that Backpage.com is attempting to minimize the impact
of child sex trafficking because they fear it will turn attention to the
company's robust prostitution advertising business. While Backpage.com has
ramped up its effort to screen some ads for minors, the attorneys general
involved in today's letter believe that "Backpage.com sets a minimal bar for
content review in an effort to temper public condemnation, while ensuring that
the revenue spigot provided by prostitution advertising remains intact."

___ (c)2011 KCPQ/KMYQ-TX (Seattle) Visit KCPQ/KMYQ-TX (Seattle) at
www.q13fox.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110831-5KQ-Company-must-demonstrate-how-it-prevents-trafficking-of-minors-0831
-20110831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5KQ


                          Copyright 2011 KCPQ/KMYQ-TV

                              891 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 5, 2011 Tuesday

JETER'S HANDLERS PLAY HARDBALL ON 3,000 HITS

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 417 words


Derek Jeter's handlers are squeezing the bat this week as the all-star shortstop
takes his cuts on his way to the 3,000-hit mark.

The management team for the first Yankee destined to achieve the historic
milestone has been reaching out to companies not aligned with Jeter to pressure
them not to run any advertising attached to the event, The Post has learned.

In its bid to fully exploit the milestone's expected mother lode of marketing
opportunities, Team Jeter is calling anything more than the blandest of
congratulatory print or TV ads an attempt at "guerrilla marketing."

"If we have to protect, or if we have to make phone calls, or if we have to send
letters, or if we have to do whatever is necessary, we will," Jeter's longtime
agent, Casey Close, of Excel Sports Marketing, told The Post.

Jeter, who was only six hits shy of the mark when he came down with a calf
injury last month, has rejoined the Yankees in Cleveland for a series with the
Indians.

Close said he and his marketing team would "do what is necessary" to protect
Jeter's name from being hijacked by companies attempting to portray themselves
as sponsors over the 3,000th hit.

"Derek has established a number of important partnerships, and these
relationships are brand-specific," he said. "And it is Derek's name and his
likeness and the exclusivity that make each of the individuals deals special to
those companies."

While most athletes' agents are on continual watch for companies or individuals
who unfairly or illegally exploit their client's image, it is rare to find an
agent reaching out to potential advertisers to pressure them not to advertise.

Close's calls to companies come while he and his team are rushing to piece
together marketing campaigns with established Jeter sponsors.

Those sponsors are getting a mix of special events on the ball field, personal
Jeter appearances and other media showcases, primarily for Gatorade, Nike's
Jordan, Gillette, Tri-state Ford dealers, Steiner Sports and Movado.

Other companies that have never hired Jeter, 37, to plug their brands - a
privilege costing upwards of hundreds of thousands a year - need to muzzle their
celebrations if they intend to salute Yankee captain Jeter on their own with
commemorative ads or promos, Close said.

To Close, that means they can run ads saying "Congratulations" or "Well done,"
but cannot include Jeter's name, his likeness, the number 3,000 or even the word
"captain" in any paid ads, according to marketing insiders.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Be good to me: While Derek Jeter is resuming his quest for 3,000 hits,
his handlers, including his agent Casey Close (insert), are pressuring companies
not aligned with the Yankee shortstop to refrain from running ads tied to the
historic event.   [UPI]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              892 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Valley Independent (Monessen, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 29, 2013 Tuesday

Monessen RB Gillaspie's exploits aren't drawing D-I coaches -- yet

BYLINE: Jeff Oliver, The Valley Independent, Monessen, Pa.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 770 words


Oct. 29--Clintell Gillaspie has put together the kind of football season that
most running backs dream of.

He has rushed for 895 yards on only 90 carries (9.9 avg.) and has caught 24
passes for 605 yards (25.2 avg.).

In the process, the 6-0, 223-pound senior running back has also scored 26
touchdowns and added 18 extra points for a total of 174 points. He is tied with
West Mifflin's Jimmy Wheeler as the WPIAL's overall scoring leader.

For all the talented running backs Monessen has had over the years, Gillaspie is
the first since Bubby Holmes in 1971 to sit atop the WPIAL in scoring.

For all of his accomplishments on the field for the 9-1 Greyhounds, Gillaspie
hasn't caught the attention of too many Division I college coaches.

That has Greyhound coach Andy Pacak scratching his head.

"I talked to (Pitt offensive coordinator) Joe Rudolph, who told me that Clintell
ran a 4.79 in the 40 during the summer at Pitt and I think that is what has some
coaches backing off," Pacak said. "But like I told Rudolph, Pitt took three kids
from Clairton last year and all of them are playing and if he looks at this
year's tape against Clairton, he will see Clintell running away from Clairton
kids for three touchdowns and nobody can catch him.

"Clintell is a lot faster than 4.79 and he plays that way," Pacak added. "Plus,
he doesn't go down on the first hit. I just think college coaches recruit on the
Internet and don't go out and actually watch kids play any more. Any coach who
comes to watch Clintell play would fall in love with him."

Quarterback hotbed?

Western Pennsylvania was long ago tabbed a hotbed for quarterbacks with the
emergence of such players as Joe Namath, Joe Montana and Dan Marino, to name a
few.

Well, the mid-Mon Valley isn't doing too badly in an effort to live up to that
tradition this season.

No less than four area quarterbacks have surpassed 1,000 yards throwing this
season with another possibly going over 1,000 in the playoffs, the first time in
recent memory that feat has been accomplished.

The list of mad bombers includes Frazier's Charles Manack, Monessen's Noah
Rullo, Ringgold's Nico Law, and Yough's Tyler Donahue.

Manack is the local leader as the Commodore junior has thrown for 1,653 yards
and 25 touchdowns, having completed 94 of 166 passes.

He currently is seventh in the WPIAL in passing yardage.

Right behind is Donahue, a senior who has thrown for 1,259 yards and 15 TDs,
hitting 103 of 176 passes.

Next up is Rullo, a junior who has certainly made the most of his 60 completions
in 101 attempts by throwing for 1,257 yards and 18 TDs.

Law has completed 82 of 155 for 1,239 yards and 14 TDs.

The player on the cusp is Davidson. The Pitt-bound senior has thrown for 870
yards, hitting 40 of 87, with 14 TDs.

Meanwhile, Law and Davidson have already surpassed the 1,000-yard rushing
plateau this season.

Play it again, Leps

Belle Vernon Area has qualified for the Class AAA playoffs for the fifth
consecutive year, despite not having a record over .500.

The Leps made the playoffs the last three seasons, going in at 4-5, and
finishing 4-6.

In 2010, the Leps were 5-2 in the Big Eight Conference, but lost in the first
round of the playoffs and finished the campaign 5-5 overall.

In 2009, they were 3-3 in conference play and lost in the first round to again
finish 5-5.

Last season, however, BVA nearly pulled off the biggest upset of the tournament
in dropping a last-second 17-16 verdict to highly-seeded Central Valley in the
first round.

Grid-bits

--Charleroi Area's Dakota Moorer ended his football career for the Cougars with
a bang as he caught 20 passes for 409 yards and six TDs in the last two games.

--Although neither Charleroi Area nor California Area is opting to play a 10th
game this week, a Cougars-Trojans contest at California Thursday night would
have made a lot of sense.

It would have given California the fourth home game it lost during the season
with Imani forfeiting and would have drawn a decent gate with two local teams
playing the only game in town that night.

--Speaking of California, the school is drafting a letter to the WPIAL asking to
be put back in the Tri-County South Conference when football conferences are
realigned for the next two seasons. The Trojans were longtime members of the T-C
South until being moved into the rugged Black Hills with Monessen two seasons
ago.

Jeff Oliver is a sports editor for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
724-684-2666 or joliver@tribweb.com

___ (c)2013 The Valley Independent (Monessen, Pa.) Visit The Valley Independent
(Monessen, Pa.) at www.pittsburghlive.com/x/valleyindependent Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131029-VM-Monessen-RB-Gillaspie-s-exploits
-aren-t-drawing-D-I-coaches-yet-1029-20131029

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VM


                     Copyright 2013 The Valley Independent

                              893 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           November 19, 2011 Saturday

Bragging rights on the line for CU, CSU women

BYLINE: Brian Howell Camera Sports Writer

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 461 words


It can be difficult to generate motivation for non-conference games, considering
some of the lesser-known, directional schools often on the schedule.

Colorado's women's basketball team shouldn't have any trouble with motivation
today, however.

 The Buffaloes (2-0) will visit in-state rival Colorado State (1-2) at 2 p.m. at
Moby Arena in Fort Collins.



 "It's always fun, an in-state rivalry and you've got all the hype coming in,"
CU junior Chucky Jeffery said. "We plan to show up and give them our best game."


 Although Jeffery grew up in Colorado Springs, she didn't realize until coming
to CU just how big this game is for the two schools.

 "When I got here as a freshman, I knew how important it was to the team and the
program to get that win," she said. "(The Rams) circle this day on their
calendar. They're going to come at us full speed, scrap with us the whole game,
play tough. They want to beat us and we know that. We have to prepare for that."


 The Buffaloes have defeated Northern Arizona and Texas A&M-Corpus Christi to
this point, but realize this one will have a different level of intensity.

 "Any rivalry game is always special," said CU head coach Linda Lappe, who has
seen the rivalry from a variety of angles -- as a CU player, CSU assistant and
now as the Buffs head coach. "Emotions are high on both ends. I'm sure they
really want to beat us and we really want to beat them.

 "For us, it's the best competition we will have faced up to this point."

 Lappe expects nothing less than a tough battle with the Rams, who routed Tulsa
in their most recent outing.

 "They're really physical; they're tough," she said. "They run their motion
offense very well. They have a lot of players that can hit the outside shot, and
they have some dynamite scorers."

 Lappe said CSU has two or three players that could rack up 30 or 40 points on a
given night, including Kim Mestdagh, who had 35 against Tulsa.

 "Any time you have that, on defense it's going to be really tough," she said.
"I'm excited to see our defense step up. It's going to be the first time where
we can't make defensive errors because they're going to exploit them and they're
going to take advantage of them."

 The Buffs have capable scorers, as well, but the key to this game, Jeffery
said, will be defense and rebounds.

 "That's our identity and we have to continue to get better at those things,"
she said. "We know that if we do slack off in those areas that they will exploit
that. They're a smart team and we have to prepare and come with our A game."

 That shouldn't be a problem. The Buffs and Rams look forward to this one every
year.

 "You get the bragging rights for the whole year and it kind of shows who is the
toughest team in our state," Jeffery said. "It's all about pride, really."

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved

                              894 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 14, 1990, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Texas rich: Stories as big as the state

BYLINE: Michelle Osborn

SECTION: MONEY

LENGTH: 383 words


Texas Big Rich: Exploits, Eccentricities and Fabulous Fortunes Won and Lost
By Sandy Sheehy
William Morrow. 415 pp. $ 22.95

''If God hadn't put so much oil and gas under Texas, we wouldn't think we were
so rich or so smart,'' says that truly marve lous example of common sense and
patriotism, Ross Perot. But Perot could be a rare bird, a Texan of huge wealth
and small pretension. Most of the others limned in this chatty book could come
right out of Dallas.

There's Electra Biggs, who not only had an airplane named for her (the Lockheed
Electra) , but also a car (the Buick Electra). There's Patricia Davis, whose
breast implant stopped what could have been a fatal shot. And there's Stanley
Marsh 3, whose Cadillac Ranch sports 10 Cadillacs planted nose down in a cow
pasture.

Author Sandy Sheehy has made thorough use of published reports as well as her
own work, so that what you read has that quick once-over feel of even the best
journalistic profiles.

Some stories are old hat by now: the downfall of the Hunt brothers, the
bankruptcy filing of John Connally. Others are ancient history: how Richard King
made money ''driving thousands of cantankerous longhorns up the Chisholm
Trail,'' or how Lloyd M. Bentsen Sr. got rich because it ''was the only way he
could support'' his wife, Dolly. But it's all fun. And it all furthers the
mythology of Cowboy Capitalism and the Lone Star State.

So pervasive is the image of the cowboy and the Texas ranch that it's hard to
believe that ''the era of the big trail drives lasted only 18 years.'' The
decline of the King Ranch from its 40-year peak under Bob Kleberg is sad; more
hopeful is the 06 Ranch, one-sixth the size of the King Ranch, but under Chris
Lacy still a working ranch. Real-estate agents figure resort developers would
pay $ 350 an acre for big lots of the 141,000-acre ranch, but Lacy - sometimes
described as the Last Cowboy - says, ''I'd like to see it stay this way
forever.''

Even though a few folk sound like sensible, thoughtful people, perhaps
inevitably Texas stresses the outlandish. After all, it makes better copy. And
''nowhere else would you put on pink shorts, a lynx coat, a 17-carat diamond and
get into a white Rolls Royce to go to the Safeway,'' as Dallas boutique owner
Loretta Blum puts it.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; color (Book Cover, Texas Big Rich:Exploits, Eccentricities and
Fabulous Fortunes Won and Lost)

TYPE: Money Bookshelf

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.

                              895 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 29, 2011 Tuesday

Hayward Daily Review My Word: Taking the side of corporations that exploit us

BYLINE: By Jeff Syrop Guest Commentary Hayward Daily Review © Copyright 2011,
Bay Area News Group

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Letters; News; Local; Opinion

LENGTH: 404 words


YOUR March 17 Opinion piece, "Must not get caught in nuclear hysteria," was
quite shocking to me. Why do you continually take the side of the corporations
that exploit us, the bad people, the people responsible for the nuclear disaster
in Japan, for Chernobyl, for mountaintop-removal coal mining?

You write, "Decisions on building new nuclear plants should be based on good
science, not unreasonable fears and anti-nuclear hysteria." Based on science,
from the perspective of hardworking taxpayers who don't happen to be
billionaires, building a new nuclear power plant is tantamount to the heinous
global crime of genocide.

One nuclear meltdown could destroy an aquifer supplying water to several states
for a half million years. The nuclear industry's promoter and regulator, the
Atomic Energy Commission, estimated that a full nuclear meltdown could
contaminate an area "the size of Pennsylvania" and cause massive casualties.

Here's what science and common sense tell us about building new nuclear plants:
Wall Street considers nuclear plants too risky to finance without a 100 percent
taxpayer loan guarantee. This is a lot of liability for taxpayers to bear,
considering that new nuclear plants cost approximately $12 billion each.
President Barack Obama and our Congress are fine with this arrangement.

Nuclear power is uninsurable in the private insurance market. Under the
Price-Anderson Act, taxpayers pay the greatest cost of a meltdown's devastation.

Nuclear power plants and transports of radioactive wastes are an unacceptable
risk to our national security. How can we guard thousands of vulnerable spent
fuel rods for tens of thousands of years to prevent sabotage by terrorists?

You the taxpayer and your descendants for thousands of years into the future get
to pay for whatever final waste repositories are licensed. You the ratepayer get
to pay huge decommissioning costs at the end of a nuclear plant's existence as
well.

As we see in the hideous nuclear disaster unfolding in Japan, evacuation for
people living anywhere near a nuclear plant is a tragic, frightening affair,
especially if time is short.

Since most of your readers are not billionaires, I seriously wonder why you so
often take the side of billionaires in your editorials. Shame on Bay Area
Newsgroup.

Jeff Syrop has lived in Hayward for 35 years. Formerly an ESL (English as a
Second Language) teacher, he now works in Hayward as a technical writer.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: In this Feb. 26, 2011, file photo demonstrators rally in support of
Wisconsin workers at the Illinois State Capitol in Springfield, Ill. As other
states move to weaken public employee bargaining rights in the aftermath of the
Wisconsin showdown, unions and their allies dare to hope they can turn rage into
revival. (AP Photo/Seth Perlman, File)
In this photo released by China's Xinhua News Agency, activists hold candlelight
vigil, to call attention to nuclear dangers and express solidarity with the
Japanese people, outside the White House in Washington D.C. on Monday, March 28,
2011. (AP Photo/Xinhua, Zhang Jun)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              896 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 18, 2016 Friday

Former Federal Employee Sentenced to Five Years in Prison for Receipt of Child
Pornography

LENGTH: 411  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Eastern District of California has
issued the following news release:



  Eric Worrell, 57, of Rancho Cordova and formerly a federal Department of
Transportation employee, was sentenced today by United States District Judge
Troy L. Nunley to five years in prison, to be followed by 20 years of supervised
release, for receipt of child pornography, United States Attorney Benjamin B.
Wagner announced. On release, Worrell will be required to register as a sex
offender.





 According to court documents, a thumb drive found in a hallway outside the
offices of the federal Department of Transportation in Sacramento was turned
over to investigators, who determined it belonged to Worrell. A forensic review
of the thumb drive and Worrell's work laptop found they contained hundreds of
images of child erotica and child pornography. Worrell told agents that he would
carry this thumb drive with him so that he would not leave the materials at home
where his family members could find them.



 "Countless children around the world fall prey to sexual predators. It is our
priority to make every effort to keep our children safe," said Ryan L. Spradlin,
special agent in charge of HSI San Francisco. "Together with our law enforcement
partners, we work tirelessly to search out criminals who seek to harm or exploit
innocent children and hold them accountable for their actions."



 This case was the product of an investigation by the U.S. Immigration and
Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) and the
Department of Transportation's Office of Inspector General. Special Assistant
United States Attorney Josh F. Sigal prosecuted the case.



 This case was brought as part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide
initiative launched in May 2006 by the Department of Justice to combat the
growing epidemic of child sexual exploitation and abuse. Led by the United
States Attorneys' Offices and the Criminal Division's Child Exploitation and
Obscenity Section, Project Safe Childhood marshals federal, state, and local
resources to locate, apprehend, and prosecute those who sexually exploit
children, and to identify and rescue victims. For more information about Project
Safe Childhood, please visit www.usdoj.gov/psc. Click on the "resources" tab for
information about Internet safety education.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              897 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Former Federal Employee Sentenced to Five Years in Prison for Receipt of Child
Pornography

LENGTH: 411  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Eastern District of California has
issued the following news release:



  Eric Worrell, 57, of Rancho Cordova and formerly a federal Department of
Transportation employee, was sentenced today by United States District Judge
Troy L. Nunley to five years in prison, to be followed by 20 years of supervised
release, for receipt of child pornography, United States Attorney Benjamin B.
Wagner announced. On release, Worrell will be required to register as a sex
offender.





 According to court documents, a thumb drive found in a hallway outside the
offices of the federal Department of Transportation in Sacramento was turned
over to investigators, who determined it belonged to Worrell. A forensic review
of the thumb drive and Worrell's work laptop found they contained hundreds of
images of child erotica and child pornography. Worrell told agents that he would
carry this thumb drive with him so that he would not leave the materials at home
where his family members could find them.



 "Countless children around the world fall prey to sexual predators. It is our
priority to make every effort to keep our children safe," said Ryan L. Spradlin,
special agent in charge of HSI San Francisco. "Together with our law enforcement
partners, we work tirelessly to search out criminals who seek to harm or exploit
innocent children and hold them accountable for their actions."



 This case was the product of an investigation by the U.S. Immigration and
Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) and the
Department of Transportation's Office of Inspector General. Special Assistant
United States Attorney Josh F. Sigal prosecuted the case.



 This case was brought as part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide
initiative launched in May 2006 by the Department of Justice to combat the
growing epidemic of child sexual exploitation and abuse. Led by the United
States Attorneys' Offices and the Criminal Division's Child Exploitation and
Obscenity Section, Project Safe Childhood marshals federal, state, and local
resources to locate, apprehend, and prosecute those who sexually exploit
children, and to identify and rescue victims. For more information about Project
Safe Childhood, please visit www.usdoj.gov/psc. Click on the "resources" tab for
information about Internet safety education.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              898 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            March 28, 2002, Thursday

AFL: THE SEASON BEGINS;
Carey's exploits excite Cowboys

BYLINE: By DARRELL GILES in Los Angeles

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 91

LENGTH: 536 words


'If he is as good as Darren Bennett, I'm sure the coaches will want to see him

AMERICA'S most famous foot  ball team, the Dallas Cowboys,  would be interested
in looking at   the kicking talents of AFL out   cast Wayne Carey.

  There has been speculation that a   tryout has been arranged for Carey at
Irving, Texas, home of the five-times Super Bowl champions.

Cowboys spokesman Rich Dalrymple said yesterday the organisation had had no
contact with Carey or his Australian representatives.

"But we are always in the market for upgrading our roster," he said.

"If he is someone who could help our team, then we would be interested in taking
a look at him."

Of particular significance, the Cowboys had heard of Carey, the footballer - and
also of his exploits with Kelli Stevens, wife of Kangaroos teammate Anthony
Stevens.

Carey could fill a similar role to another Australian in the National Football
League, Perth's Darren Bennett, who plays for the San Diego Chargers. Bennett
helped punt the Chargers to the Super Bowl in 1995, when they lost to the San
Francisco 49ers 49-26 in Miami.

Bennett has become one of Australian's highest paid sportsmen, earning more than
$1.9 million every year with the Southern Californian team.

The kicker has a long life in the NFL because they are involved only
sporadically in the game.

But they are one of the most crucial players - with kicks of prodigious length
and hang-time important in securing field position after the end of the fourth
down. Carey would be ideal with his 50m-plus kicks.

And his age would not be a factor - so long as he could kick the pigskin high
and a long way.

Bennett has long been regarded as one of the best in the NFL and earned several
Pro-Bowl appearances.

"If he is as good as Darren Bennett, then sure, I'm sure the coaches will want
to see him," Dalrymple said.

The Cowboys are desperately trying to improve their team after several losing
seasons.

They were once known as America's Team - the most storied franchise in the NFL
with a record eight Super Bowl appearances in 36 years for five wins.

The Cowboys won three times in four years in the mid-90s and seemed unbeatable.
But ace quarterback Troy Aikman retired, while receivers Deion Sanders and
Michael Irvine moved on after off-field controversies.

Running back Emmitt Smith is still one of the great players in the game, but age
has caught up with the famous No. 22 in recent years. Dalrymple said there were
high hopes the Cowboys would be back to their best before long.

They had another miserable season in 2001-02, finishing last in the NFC East
division with a 5-11 record.

Dalrymple said the first step for Carey would be to send the Cowboy coaches film
of him in action in the AFL. "They would then make a determination as to whether
they wanted to look at him up close.

The Cowboys are looking at 12 of the top prospects in the upcoming college
draft.

The pre-season starts in August running through to the Super Bowl final, in San
Diego in January next year. Dalrymple said the organisation did not generally
comment on a player until he had signed a contract.

Carey might be ideal at the Cowboys.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 2002 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              899 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 One Stop Data Limited, All Rights Reserved

                            B2B Live from 1Stop Data

                               February 27, 2017

                          EXPLOIT TECHNOLOGIES PTE LTD

                               30 Biopolis Street
                                 #09-02 Matrix
                                SINGAPORE 138671
                                   SINGAPORE


REGION: ASIA AND AUSTRALASIA

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 64788420
URL: http://www.exploit-tech.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

EMPLOYEES:  60
EMPLOYEE BAND:  50 to 99

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *


NAME/TITLE                          E-MAIL             SOCIAL MEDIA
Mr. Kelvin Foo,                     kelvin@exploit     LINKEDIN:
Ip Portfolio Manager                -tech.com          sg.linkedin.com/pub/kelv
                                                       in-foo/8/a13/988/

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Offices of Holding Companies

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
UK SIC CODE (2 digit):
64 - Financial service activities, except insurance and pension funding
UK SIC CODE (4 digit):
6420 - Activities of holding companies

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE:  USD 104,487
REVENUE BAND:  USD 1 to <1m

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017

                              900 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: 200th arrest made by Office of Attorney General's Child Predator
Section

LENGTH: 308  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Attorney General Kathleen G. Kane today announced the arrest of more than 200
Internet predators since taking office in January 2013, including recent arrests
in Armstrong, Berks, Montgomery and Venango counties. In the past two weeks
alone, the Office of Attorney General's Child Predator Section has arrested 13
men.

In 2013, Attorney General Kane used an increase in budget appropriations to:

Renovate a section of the office to provide the Child Predator Section with a
confidential, state-of-the-art command center to conduct investigations.
    Purchase two mobile forensic trucks for on-scene computer forensic analysis.

    Upgrade computer hardware and software to handle the new file sharing
programs CPS agents use to target child predators online.
    Hire additional agents and attorneys.
    Invest in training for agents to be on the cutting edge of file sharing and
other techniques child predators use to lure and exploit children.

The results of the increased efforts and expanded unit are evident in the 200
arrests that have been made over the past 18 months in every region of the
Commonwealth. The arrests have included men who share and download child
pornography, men who travel to meet who they believe to be children for sex and
men who transmit images of themselves engaged in sexually graphic acts.

Attorney General Kane said the work of the Child Predator Section is difficult
but it is rewarding: Children have been rescued from sexual abuse, repeat
offenders have been arrested and sexual predators looking to lure or exploit
children have been put behind bars.

The most recent arrests are part of ongoing efforts to target the online
sharing, downloading and distribution of child pornography:

For more information please visit: http://www.attorneygeneral.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              901 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           December 27, 2005 Tuesday

GORILLAS in his MIDST;
A Jacksonville adventurer made the first big gorilla movie 7 years before King
Kong hit the screen

BYLINE: MATT SOERGEL

SECTION: Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 1191 words


Seven years before King Kong, there was The Gorilla Hunt, in which a gorilla
captured by Jacksonville big-game hunter/filmmaker Ben Burbridge terrorized New
York City, smashing skyscrapers with its bare paws.

RIPS B'WAY WIDE OPEN!

Or so the poster for Burbridge's 1926 silent film would have you believe.

It was all a rather fanciful exaggeration. The Gorilla Hunt was, instead, a
46-minute nature movie, in which the Jacksonville real-estate man ventured into
the Belgian Congo with native guides, his guns and his camera, seeking the
mountain gorillas of Lake Kivu.

No Broadway. No skyscrapers. No white women carried off by a gorilla, as
promised in another ad for the film.

Even so, in a nation decades away from 24-hour cable TV nature channels, it was
a sensation, pushed by producer Joseph P. Kennedy, father of John, Bobby and
Ted, into theaters across the country.

The Gorilla Hunt was widely credited with having the first images of gorillas
captured on film. It had exotic Africans, wildlife and scenery. It even had an
action sequence shot in Florida featuring Burbridge's son in a gorilla suit,
just to spice things up.

It all worked. The film is "the most thrilling exhibition of awesome beasts and
brave men, ever recorded on film," reckoned the Motion Picture Bulletin of
California, in one of countless rave reviews.

The hubbub died down, eventually. Burbridge passed away in 1936. He was 60, and
died, doctors said, of a "microbe" he picked up on a trip to Africa. And The
Gorilla Hunt seemed to disappear, for decades.

But it wasn't forgotten. "I've been chasing this movie for 45 years," says his
grandson, also named Ben Burbridge.

The hunt ended in 2004, with the posthumous help of Errol Flynn, Hollywood's
Robin Hood. On an October day in Jacksonville, The Gorilla Hunt would finally
make it back to the big-game hunter's family -- for one morning at least.

INTO THE WILDS OF AFRICA

Burbridge killed several gorillas and captured several more on African trips. In
the photo above, he's shown with two juvenile gorillas, as well as a 450-pound
gorilla he shot as it charged at him, trying to rescue the young ones.

He named one of captives Miss Congo and brought it to Jacksonville, keeping it
for a while at his office at 420 Main St. Miss Congo became a star for a while.
She appeared at gala premieres of The Gorilla Hunt, then was studied by
scientists such as Robert Yerkes of Yale. Soon after, Yerkes founded a center
for the study of primates in Orange Park known by locals at The Monkey Farm.

Miss Congo lived for years at the family's riverfront property in the jungle off
San Jose Boulevard, where she settled into an apparently happy life. A newspaper
article told how she "prefers automobile riding to any other sport," liked to be
cuddled by Burbridge's sister-in-law, Juanita, and played on a children's
playground.

Family lore holds that, after years of cajoling from the Ringling Bros. circus,
Burbridge finally sold the family pet to help finance more of his adventures.
Shortly after, Miss Congo fell into a malaise and died on the road with the
circus, even after an emergency visit from his beloved friend, Juanita, from
Jacksonville.

"It was melancholy. She missed Aunt Juanita," Ben Burbridge's grandson says.
"Circus life did not agree with her, sadly."

BEHIND THAT MILD-MANNERED FACE

Burbridge was a star, too, with his picture -- with round spectacles under an
ever-present pith helmet -- showing up in dozens of publications. It's a
mild-mannered face for someone a newspaper described as "the only man who ever
had a hand-to-hand fight with a gorilla and lived to tell the tale."

In photo at left, he's with Miss Congo, his hands bandaged from the duel, which
started when he "launched at baby a flying tackle which would have nailed Red
Grange," as a journalist wrote.

EXPLOITS OF THE "DAREDEVIL HUNTER"

The Gorilla Hunt showed Burbridge trekking through Africa, a "thousand miles
through jungles inhabited by cannibals with teeth filed to dagger points and
three-and-a-half foot pigmies." His family in Jacksonville, which has continued
in the real-estate business he began in 1900, has a scrapbook filled with
hundreds of breathless articles about the exploits of the "daredevil hunter" and
"his mighty spectacle of wildest Africa."

Joseph P. Kennedy heard about the explorer's exploits early on and signed up as
the movie's producer. Burbridge's grandson says the family was told that Kennedy
wanted to become a mover and shaker in the movie industry so he could meet
starlets.

FATHER-AND-SON SAFARIS

The explorer's son, Clinton Burbridge, joined his father on his safaris in
Africa, where they hunted big game such as lions and elephants. Clinton
Burbridge also has a starring role in The Gorilla Hunt, for which he donned a
gorilla suit and "attacked" his father in wild Palm Valley, to recreate a
crucial moment on the safari.

THE HUNT FOR 'HUNT' FINALLY ENDS

Burbridge's grandson, Ben, was less then a year old when the explorer died. He
grew up hearing about his adventures, studying the photos, reading the news
clippings. The grandson became an adventurer and hunter himself. He traveled in
hot-air balloons and in a home-built airplane. In 2004, he was navigator in a
race across the U.S., riding in a 1928 Ford Model A speedster, "no top, no
springs, and lots of rain and sleet and hail between here and Monterey, Calif."

He laughs. "But I'm a couch potato compared to Grandpa," he says. "I've kind of
been an adventurer all my life, and my mother used to tell me what great friends
we'd have been. I'd always wanted to know what kind of guy he was. Then I
realized that the movie was the only way I'd ever see moving pictures of him.
Then when you figure they snuck out to Palm Valley and shot my father in a
gorilla suit -- I just became obsessed with having to see that movie."

In his 20s, Burbridge began looking for his grandfather's movie. He searched
libraries, and ran ads trade publications for old movie buffs, offering rewards
for a print.

No luck.

Joseph P. Kennedy's widow, Rose, had a copy, but it burned in a fire. Then came
some good luck: Errol Flynn, who amassed a huge collection of silent films, had
a print, too, and it was donated after his death to the Museum of Modern Art in
New York.

Burbridge found out about that a couple of years ago and began badgering the
museum, he says, hoping to finally see Gorilla Hunt. But the print was far too
fragile to be shown, he was told. Eventually the museum painstakingly restored
the ancient print, which has had a few showings around the world (it recently
played with King Kong in a retrospective series in Australia).

Last year the Cummer Museum of Art & Gardens showed a short segment of it to the
public at a gala event. Earlier that day, the entire film was shown to the
Burbridge family. And the filmmaker's grandson, almost 10 years older than his
grandfather was at his death, finally got to see his film.

"It was just an incredible opportunity to, I guess, meet the man," he says. "I
saw him in motion. He came to life, and became a real person instead of just a
bunch of sepia-toned photographs."

matt.soergel@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4082

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
BOB MACK/The Times-Union Ben Burbridge holds a poster promoting The Gorilla
Hunt, 46-minute silent film made in 1926 by his grandfather, also named Ben
Burbridge. Photo provided by BEN BURBRIDGE/Special to the Times-Union Burbridge
killed several gorillas and captured several more on African trips. In the photo
above, he's shown with two juvenile gorillas, as well as a 450-pound gorilla he
shot as it charged at him, trying to rescue the young ones. Photo provided by
BEN BURBRIDGE/Special to the Times-Union In photo at left, he's with Miss Congo,
his hands bandaged from the duel, which started when he "launched at baby a
flying tackle which would have nailed Red Grange," as a journalist wrote. Photo
provided by BEN BURBRIDGE/Special to the Times-Union The Gorilla Hunt The
Gorilla Hunt

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Florida Times-Union

                              902 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 20, 2016 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Refugee's Arrest Stokes U.S. Immigration Debate

BYLINE: By RON NIXON

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1204 words


WASHINGTON --  The arrest of a California man on charges that he traveled to
Syria to fight with terrorist groups, then lied about it to the Department of
Homeland Security, offers new ammunition for both sides in the fierce debate
over the refugee policy of the Obama administration.

Conservatives and some federal law enforcement officials say the case of the
Californian, Aws Mohammed Younis al-Jayab, 23, shows that the refugee program
leaves the nation vulnerable to terrorism. But Homeland Security officials and
Democrats in Congress contend that his arrest demonstrates that the system
works.

The ambiguities of Mr. Jayab's arrest last month are at the core of a dispute
over whether the United States should tightly restrict immigration from
countries associated with terrorism, or should join some European nations in
accepting rigorously screened applicants in order to help stem the humanitarian
crisis in Syria.

Last year's terrorist attacks in Paris and the mass shooting in San Bernardino,
Calif., have prompted a broader examination of America's immigration policy
because some officials fear that terrorists could exploit the ways people enter
the country.

Before his arrest, Mr. Jayab seemed like a typical young adult: He liked sports
cars, studied computer programming at a community college in Sacramento and
worked nights as a security guard.

But the federal authorities have charged that Mr. Jayab, who was born in Iraq
and came to the United States as a refugee from Syria, traveled to that war-torn
country from late 2013 to early 2014 to fight on the side of terrorist groups
and then lied about it to the authorities. He faces up to eight years in prison
if convicted.

''Jihadists see these programs as a back door into America and will continue to
exploit them until we take action,'' said Representative Michael McCaul,
Republican of Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee,
during a hearing this month on refugee and visa programs.

But supporters of the administration's program, like Senator Thomas R. Carper,
Democrat of Delaware and ranking member of the Senate Homeland Security
Committee, said the arrest of Mr. Jayab and other refugees shows that the system
succeeded in blunting a threat. He added that the long screening process for
Syrian refugees makes it unlikely that terrorists would try to come to the
United States as refugees.

''Terrorists would be crazy to wait 18 to 24 months while undergoing a rigorous
screening process to get into the country,'' Mr. Carper said in an interview.

Still, some members of Congress and security experts say the arrest of Mr. Jayab
has forced them to question the screening process. Federal court documents show
that at least 14 people who came to the United States as refugees have been
arrested on terrorism charges in the last two years, including Mr. Jayab.

''I thought that it was very secure until I saw the arrest in California and
Texas,'' said John J. Farmer Jr., former senior counsel to the federal
commission that investigated the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, who is now a
professor at Rutgers. ''Now, I have my concerns.''

The federal authorities charged that Mr. Jayab conspired with Omar Faraj Saeed
Al Hardan, 24, an Iraqi-born refugee living in Houston, to get weapons training
and eventually sneak into Syria to fight alongside terrorist groups.

Benjamin Galloway, a federal public defender in Sacramento and Mr. Jayab's
lawyer, said his client had done nothing wrong. ''There is no threat that this
man poses and no indication that he's engaged in any activity since his return
two years ago,'' he said.

Many of the Paris attackers were European citizens and could have entered the
United States under the visa waiver program. Tashfeen Malik, one of the
attackers in San Bernardino, was granted entry to the United States on a K-1
visa, which can be given to the fiancé or fiancée of an American citizen. And a
number of refugees from Bosnia, Iraq and Somalia have been arrested and charged
with supporting terrorists.

Homeland Security officials say the refugee screening process has a much lower
security risk.

Refugees recommended for resettlement in the United States first undergo
screening abroad, by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for
Refugees. In addition to intensive interviews, the agency collects biometric
data such as iris scans and photographs.

In the United States, refugees face another round of intense screenings and
interviews by caseworkers at the United States Citizenship and Immigration
Services in Washington. Their names are run through law enforcement and
intelligence databases at the National Counterterrorism Center, the F.B.I., the
Defense Department, the State Department and United States Customs and Border
Protection, among other agencies.

The Citizenship and Immigration Services agency declined to answer questions
about refugees who have been arrested on charges of terrorism, citing privacy.

Mr. Jayab, who came to the United States from Syria as a refugee in October 2012
and who lived for a time in Tucson and Milwaukee, seemed more interested in fast
cars than in violent extremism.

Court records show that on Nov. 9, 2013, he flew to Turkey from Chicago and then
traveled to Syria. He told officials that he had gone to Turkey to visit his
grandmother. But between November 2013 and January 2014, federal officials say,
Mr. Jayab sent private, direct messages on social media saying that he was in
Syria fighting with various terrorist organizations, including Ansar al-Islam,
which has been on the United States' list of foreign terrorist organizations
since 2004.

Mr. Jayab returned to the United States on Jan. 23, 2014, and settled in
Sacramento, where he attended American River College and had a job as a security
guard, according to his lawyer.

In interviews with immigration officials and with the F.B.I., Mr. Jayab denied
that he had gone to Syria.

Senator Ron Johnson, Republican of Wisconsin and chairman of the Senate Homeland
Security Committee, said cases like Mr. Jayab's caused him to worry about the
refugee program. ''What happens when nothing shows up in the databases?'' he
said in an interview.

Senior law enforcement officials and counterterrorism experts have expressed
similar unease. James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, told a congressional
committee in October that the federal government could not conduct effective
security checks on Syrian citizens. ''We can query our database until the cows
come home, but nothing will show up because we have no record of them,'' he
said.

Homeland Security officials acknowledged that it was possible for people to get
through the screening process, but they added that their biggest worry was the
radicalization of immigrants after their arrival in the United States.

''I can tell you who a person is today,'' said a senior intelligence official,
who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss
the screening program publicly. ''But I can't tell you who they will become
tomorrow.''

Follow The New York Times's politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and
Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/20/us/politics/us-immigration-policy-screening.ht
ml

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Benjamin Galloway, the lawyer for a Syrian refugee, Aws Mohammed
Younis al-Jayab, at court in Sacramento last month. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOSE LUIS
VILLEGAS/THE SACRAMENTO BEE)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company

                              903 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             June 5, 2002 Wednesday

Cerus, Baxter set to exploit Intercept system CE marking

LENGTH: 982 words

Cerus, Baxter set to exploit Intercept system CE marking

By DON LONG Medical Device Daily Managing Editor Saying they are set to launch
in Europe a "revolutionary approach" for inactivating pathogens that can appear
in platelets prepared for transfusion, Cerus (Concord, California) and
subsidiaries of Baxter International (Deerfield, Illinois) Tuesday reported
receiving CE mark clearance for a key portion of Cerus's Intercept blood system,
being jointly developed with Baxter.

The two companies said they are the only firms pursuing clinical trials and
undergoing regulatory review for pathogen inactivation systems for all three of
the primary blood components - platelets, plasma and red blood cells.
Additionally, they said they have begun the regulatory submission process for
Intercept Platelets in the U.S.

Analysts are predicting quick uptake of the system in Europe and potential sales
of $2 billion annually. That projection may be modified by slower market
acceptance in the U.S. - assuming subsequent FDA clearance - where blood
processors have contended that current methods of blood cleansing are sufficient
and additional tests with higher costs are not warranted.

The system targets preparation of platelets by what is known as the "buffy coat"
method, the predominant strategy in Europe for readying platelets for
transfusion.

The Intercept Blood system inactivates pathogens by targeting the nucleic acid
with a light-activated compound and an illumination device. Cerus said that
approval of the disposable set used in the system "represents the completion of
regulatory review of the design dossier" and that the final step is CE marking
of the illumination device.

Cerus and Baxter say they will be the first to launch this deactivation
approach. CE marking of the illumination device is projected to be completed
simultaneously with the ongoing preparation for system rollout.

Greg Young, corporate vice president and president of Baxter's Fenwal business,
said that the regulatory milestones mark a decade of collaboration between the
two firms.

Inactivation with Intercept is done by mixing platelets together with a compound
called Helinx in the disposable set container. The container is then placed in
the illumination device which is exposed to UVA light and serves to activate
Helinx. After activation, the Helinx compound binds to and crosslinks the
nucleic acids in viruses, bacteria and renders them incapapable of
multiplication. This process also serves to prevent the proliferation of white
blood cells associated with a variety of other adverse reactions in transfusion.

After this process, the remaining by-products are removed and the platelets
treated with Intercept are placed in final storage until transfusion.

"Mature platelets, plasma and red blood cells do not contain DNA or RNA,"
according to Cerus, "and therefore are not targeted by the Intercept process."

Baxter has already cashed in on the Intercept system in anticipation of the
European clearance, Last December it announced a $24.5 million agreement to
license the system to Haemonetics (Braintree, Massachusetts). The agreement will
allow Haemonetics, a maker of automated blood processing systems, to use
Intercept with its platelet collection. Haemonetics will pay Baxter $10 million
for access to its Intersol solution, a key ingredient of Intercept. Baxter also
will provide all necessary technical and regulatory support. Haemonetics will
make additional payments totaling up to $14.5 million in regulatory milestones
for clearances in other countries.

CE marking was supported by a variety of ongoing trials. In July of last year,
for instance, the companies reported results from the second cycle of platelet
transfusions in their European Phase III clinical trial of the system. The
second cycle study involved 10 of 52 patients who had received an initial course
of Intercept platelets as part of the European Phase III trial and received
another cycle of the pathogen-inactivated platelet transfusions during a
subsequent period of thrombocytopenia, a medical condition characterized by a
persistent reduction in platelet counts.

The data showed that the safety and efficacy of the second cycle of platelets
was comparable to the first course, with comparable increases in platelet counts
following transfusion. The incidence of acute reactions was low in both courses,
with comparably low incidence of resistance to the transfusion.

About 1.3 million platelet transfusions are performed annually in Europe to
prevent bleeding in a variety of patients, including those undergoing high-d
chemotherapy, heart bypass surgery and general surgical procedures. While
donated platelets are tested for certain known pathogens, current methods cannot
detect other potentially emerging pathogens or completely eliminate viral
contamination, according to Cerus and Baxter. In addition, there are no tests
routinely used to screen for bacteria which can grow quite rapidly in the
high-nutrient concentrates of platelets.

In the U.S., Cerus and Baxter earlier this year launched a pivotal Phase III
trial of the Intercept system and won institutional review board approvals for
expansion of its clinical trial sites. The acute Phase III protocol is one of
two pivotal trials. A second trial will be a 50-patient trial to compare the use
of Intercept red blood cells to control red blood cells in support of patients
with chronic anemia due to hereditary disorders such as sickle cell disease or
thalassemia.

Cerus also is pursuing therapeutic applications of its Helinx technology to
treat and prevent serious diseases.

Baxter's bioscience, medication delivery and renal products and services are
used to treat patients with some of the most challenging medical conditions
including cancer, hemophilia, immune deficiencies, infectious diseases, kidney
disease and trauma.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2002 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              904 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        May 30, 2000 Tuesday 2D EDITION

The Full Monty Well, at least Eric Idle solo brings Python skits to stage

BYLINE: By Ed Will, Denver Post Staff Writer,

SECTION: SCN; Pg. F-05

LENGTH: 872 words


A creatively dressed Monty Python fan just might become part of  showbiz history
Thursday and Friday when 'Eric Idle Exploits Monty  Python: A Rather Stupid
Evening of Skits and Songs' opens a  two-day run at the Paramount Theatre.

Idle explains how it could happen: 'We're going to play Spot  the Looney. The
silliest-dressed person in the audience will be  invited on stage and asked to
donate their liver. So, there will  be a live liver transplant on stage. It is a
first, I think, for  sure.'

Idle's two-month tour of 23 U.S. cities is historical for  followers of Monty
Python, a British comedy troupe whose series  'Monty Python's Flying Circus'
marked comedy's outer edge when it  debut in 1969 on the BBC. Its 45 episodes -
later rerun on  America's PBS - and the many Python movies that followed created
a  cult-like following for the group.

The Pythons briefly reunited in Aspen two years ago for a  tribute at the U.S.
Comedy Arts Festival. But Idle's current tour  is the first in almost 20 years
in which a Python has gone on a  stage to do sketch comedy.

'It is going to be a very stupid show,' Idle says. 'It is  like a revue but with
a very silly Python perspective. There are  some very silly people coming, and
there is a band, girl singers  and dancers. There is a sing-along and a
lumberjack. It is a  completely loony show. It really shouldn't be allowed.'

Idle acted as a one-man band in stitching 'Exploits'  together, serving as
writer, director, producer and star.

In a phone call from a pre-tour vacation in Mexico, Idle said  he bounced the
idea of a touring review around in his mind for  quite a while. The bouncing
stopped last year when he did a  concert at the Getty Museum in Los Angeles to
celebrate the 30th  anniversary of the debut of 'Flying Circus.'   'I did all
the  Python songs with a band. It went really well. People loved it.  They began
to sing along. So I thought, 'This could be a nice  stage show if you just
expanded it and put some old Python  sketches in like 'The Travel Agent' and
things like that.'   The  stage show follows by a month the release of a new CD,
'Eric Idle  Sings Monty Python: Live in Concert.'    'The album is from - I am
not suppose to say this - but it is actually from     Just let me  say it is
from the Betty Museum concert. But I am not supposed to  mention the name of the
Betty Museum. It is from that night. It is  a live album,' Idle says, rewarding
his cleverness with some  sinister-sounding chuckles.   In addition to the tour
and the new  CD, Idle this season joined the cast of NBC's 'Suddenly Susan' as
star Brooke Shield's new boss, and six months ago published 'The  Road to Mars:
A Post-Modem Novel' (Pantheon), which became a  best-seller.   The novel, which
Kirkus Reviews labeled a  science-fiction comedy-thriller, centers on a doctoral

  dissertation on comedy written by a robot named Carlton.   'The  robot who is
writing it thinks Python is rather silly, stupid and  ridiculous. He doesn't get
it at all. And I suspect that is what  will happen in the future. I think comedy
is always of the  moment,' Idle says.   He expands on that thought:   'Python
was  about the television age and what it is like growing up in that  age,
questioning authority which we found ourselves up against.  But comedy moves on.
It is always about the nature of what it is  like being young at that particular
time.'   Idle, when asked,  mentions Eddie Izzard, Chris Rock, Billy Connolly,
Steve Martin  and Robin Williams as comedians he finds funny.

He adds, 'Just because I was in comedy doesn't mean I go and  watch a lot of
comedy. I like acerbic people who have interesting  viewpoints, things to say
and don't take any prisoners. I love  Kathy Griffin, who is on 'Suddenly Susan.'
She is great as a  standup. She is really funny. I think it is that voice of
protest,      reminding us of how ridiculous we are.'

Williams, a friend of Idle's, is the comic the former Python  most admires. Idle
returned to Aspen this year to moderate a  tribute to Williams, who received the
American Film Institute's  Star Award for lifetime achievement.

'Robin Williams is still the most amazing standup comic  you'll ever see,' Idle
says. 'He is like Thor with the speed of  light. It is unbelievable how fast we
can turn thoughts into  laughter. ... There is nobody like him, and there never
has been.'

Asked to look at his own achievements, Idle first mentions a  1978 television
movie he wrote and starred in, 'The Rutles: All  You Need is Cash.'

'And     my novel is very close to my heart. I think it is  one of my best
works,' he says. 'And I had a play in the West End  called 'Pass the Butler.' It
ran for five months in the West End  of London. That was great fun, too.'

Idle chatter

What: 'Eric Idle Exploits Monty Python: A Rather Stupid  Evening of Skits and
Songs'

When: 8 p.m. Thursday and Friday

Where: Paramount Theatre,  1621 Glenarm Place

Tickets: $ 62, $ 54, $ 44, through Ticketmaster (303-830-8497 or
www.ticketmaster.com)

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The Denver Post/Helen H. Davis Above, Eric Idle brings 'Eric
Idle Exploits Monty Python: A Rather Stupid Evening of Skits and Songs' to
Denver for two nights. At left, Idle is shown third from left with the mostly
British comedy troupe Monty Python at their reunion in 1998.

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              905 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 11, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Canadian Resident Sentenced in Sextortion Case

LENGTH: 593  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    An Ontario man was sentenced today to 30 years in federal prison after
having pleaded guilty to charges related to the sexual exploitation of two minor
girls, announced United States Attorney Barbara L. McQuade.



    McQuade was joined in the announcement by Special Agent in Charge David P.
Gelios, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Detroit Field Office, and Chief Michael
Patton of the West Bloomfield Police Department.

    According to court records, from October through December 2013, Antonio P.
Fontana, 59, coerced and enticed a 15-year-old girl ("Victim 1") residing in the
Eastern District of Michigan into performing various sexual acts for him in
front of an Internet webcam on an almost daily basis. Fontana first began
communicating with the victim on an Internet website, where he was posing as a
16-year-old boy. Fontana recorded many, if not all, of the sexual acts he forced
Victim 1 to perform.  Fontana threatened to post the recordings of Victim 1 on
the Internet and to send them to her friends and family if she did not continue
to perform sexual acts for him.  When Victim 1 ultimately attempted to stop
speaking to Fontana in late December 2013, Fontana continued to communicate with
Victim 1 and her mother in an attempt to coerce Victim 1 into continuing to
communicate.  At various times in January and February, 2014, Fontana followed
through with his threats, and sent sexually explicit images of Victim 1 to
Victim 1's email contacts and her mother.

    Fontana committed similar conduct from November to December 2014 with a
second minor victim ("Victim 2"), a 14-year-old girl in the Eastern District of
Michigan. Further investigation revealed that Fontana had similarly exploited
children from all over the world, including several in the United States,
Finland and England

    "This defendant used the internet to exploit and extort innocent children in
the most humiliating way.  The bravery of the child in this case to come forward
and report the perpetrator's conduct certainly prevented other children from
being exploited this way."

    "Mr. Fontana hid behind the anonymity of the Internet to target and sexually
exploit children in the most reprehensible of ways," stated David P.  Gelios,
Special Agent in Charge of the FBI Detroit Field Office. "This investigation
proves the reach of the FBI, along with its local, state and federal partners,
is a long one; in this case even across international borders.  The protection
of our children from depraved predators and online threats will remain a
priority as long as there are those who would sexually exploit our children."

    "Predators that target children via the Internet are not limited by state or
national jurisdictional boundaries," said Chief Patton. "The entire West
Bloomfield community is thankful for the efforts and cooperation of the local,
federal, and international law enforcement partners which led to this
indictment."

    Fontana was extradited to the United States from Canada last year.

    McQuade praised the work of the Special Agents of the FBI, the officers from
the West Bloomfield Police Department and the detectives from the major crime
unit of the Durham Regional Police Service, Ontario, Canada. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Douglas Salzenstein and Matthew
Roth.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              906 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Canadian Resident Sentenced in Sextortion Case

LENGTH: 593  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    An Ontario man was sentenced today to 30 years in federal prison after
having pleaded guilty to charges related to the sexual exploitation of two minor
girls, announced United States Attorney Barbara L. McQuade.



    McQuade was joined in the announcement by Special Agent in Charge David P.
Gelios, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Detroit Field Office, and Chief Michael
Patton of the West Bloomfield Police Department.

    According to court records, from October through December 2013, Antonio P.
Fontana, 59, coerced and enticed a 15-year-old girl ("Victim 1") residing in the
Eastern District of Michigan into performing various sexual acts for him in
front of an Internet webcam on an almost daily basis. Fontana first began
communicating with the victim on an Internet website, where he was posing as a
16-year-old boy. Fontana recorded many, if not all, of the sexual acts he forced
Victim 1 to perform.  Fontana threatened to post the recordings of Victim 1 on
the Internet and to send them to her friends and family if she did not continue
to perform sexual acts for him.  When Victim 1 ultimately attempted to stop
speaking to Fontana in late December 2013, Fontana continued to communicate with
Victim 1 and her mother in an attempt to coerce Victim 1 into continuing to
communicate.  At various times in January and February, 2014, Fontana followed
through with his threats, and sent sexually explicit images of Victim 1 to
Victim 1's email contacts and her mother.

    Fontana committed similar conduct from November to December 2014 with a
second minor victim ("Victim 2"), a 14-year-old girl in the Eastern District of
Michigan. Further investigation revealed that Fontana had similarly exploited
children from all over the world, including several in the United States,
Finland and England

    "This defendant used the internet to exploit and extort innocent children in
the most humiliating way.  The bravery of the child in this case to come forward
and report the perpetrator's conduct certainly prevented other children from
being exploited this way."

    "Mr. Fontana hid behind the anonymity of the Internet to target and sexually
exploit children in the most reprehensible of ways," stated David P.  Gelios,
Special Agent in Charge of the FBI Detroit Field Office. "This investigation
proves the reach of the FBI, along with its local, state and federal partners,
is a long one; in this case even across international borders.  The protection
of our children from depraved predators and online threats will remain a
priority as long as there are those who would sexually exploit our children."

    "Predators that target children via the Internet are not limited by state or
national jurisdictional boundaries," said Chief Patton. "The entire West
Bloomfield community is thankful for the efforts and cooperation of the local,
federal, and international law enforcement partners which led to this
indictment."

    Fontana was extradited to the United States from Canada last year.

    McQuade praised the work of the Special Agents of the FBI, the officers from
the West Bloomfield Police Department and the detectives from the major crime
unit of the Durham Regional Police Service, Ontario, Canada. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Douglas Salzenstein and Matthew
Roth.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              907 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              April 4, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Dating Doctor

BYLINE: By Randy Cohen

SECTION: Section 6; Column 3; Magazine Desk; Pg. 24; THE WAY WE LIVE NOW:
4-4-04: THE ETHICIST

LENGTH: 584 words


I am an ear, nose and throat physician, the only such specialist in my small
city. I was divorced two years ago and am now single. Is it ever appropriate to
date my patients? The Hippocratic oath precludes this, but in social situations
I often meet patients I've seen previously. If my practice is successful, there
may be no one left in town to date!   Dr. Anonymous, Colorado

The most unsettling thing about your query is its implication that there are no
appealing women in your town who do not suffer from ear, nose or throat
maladies. Have you informed the World Health Organization?

It's not only the Hippocratic oath that forbids you to date patients; the code
of conduct of the American Medical Association does, too, on the grounds that
blurring the personal and the professional ''may exploit the vulnerability of
the patient'' and ''may obscure the physician's objective judgment concerning
the patient's health care.'' This is eminently reasonable.

But in a surprising concession to romance, the A.M.A. does discuss what to do if
a patient with a runny nose or hacking cough proves irresistible: ''At a
minimum, a physician's ethical duties include terminating the physician-patient
relationship before initiating a dating, romantic or sexual relationship.''
(Note ''dating'' -- so teenage -- and the distinction between romance and sex --
so modern.) This provision governs even limited professional relationships
between patients and doctors who see them infrequently, like surgeons or E.R.
physicians or specialists like you.

Should you find yourself falling under the spell of someone at a dinner party
and suddenly recall that you once treated that slender throat or those elegant
ears, you may pursue romance but not resume professional relations. Even in this
situation, though, the A.M.A. forbids dating a former patient ''if the physician
uses or exploits trust, knowledge, emotions or influence derived from the
previous professional relationship.'' And that ethical consideration applies not
just to doctors but also to lawyers and to clergy members and to any
professional relationship in which one party has more knowledge of, and power
over, the other.

I am the personal assistant to a player in the N.B.A. A friend of mine who is
participating in a betting pool for the N.C.A.A. basketball tournament asked me
to solicit my employer's opinion on upcoming games. I declined, thinking it
unethical for him to use his insight to give someone a leg up in gambling.
Agreed?   Mary Battilana, New York City

It's not enough for people to pester your boss for free tickets. Now they want
gambling tips? He's lucky they don't ask him to help paint their apartments,
what with his being tall enough to get at those hard-to-reach places.

Putting aside the fact that gambling is illegal in some jurisdictions, and
assuming that N.B.A. rules allow your boss to offer his opinion, he is free to
comment on N.C.A.A. games. What he should not do is exploit inside information.
Most N.B.A. players were once on college teams affiliated with the N.C.A.A., and
many remain friends with former coaches and teammates and so may be privy to
pertinent facts unavailable to the public -- a player's injury for example.

That some bettors lack access to N.B.A. players is unfortunate but not unfair.
Everyone can consult putative experts, like sportswriters or hoops-savvy pals.
What's more, there's little evidence that pro athletes are particularly adept
gamblers, as Pete Rose's bookie can confirm.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Drawing by Christoph Niemann)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company

                              908 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          December 20, 2006 Wednesday

Wharton: Who will speak up and defend our wild places?

BYLINE: By Tom Wharton Tribune Columnist

SECTION: RECREATIONAL SPORTS; Wharton; Features

LENGTH: 523 words


Signs that all is not right in Utah's environment can be seen or read about
nearly every day.

Yellow and brown smog often fills northern Utah's valleys as cars clog our
freeways.

Gov. Jon Huntsman Jr. wants to turn over management of thousands of acres of
roadless U.S. Forest lands to county commissioners, who too often have displayed
only a willingness to exploit land we all own for short-term booms at the
expense of a long-term vision.

The Bureau of Land Management seems hell-bent on ignoring its multiple-use
mandates in a mad dash to exploit every last drop of oil and natural gas.

In sprawling Washington County, Utah Sen. Bob Bennett and Rep. Jim Matheson want
to fuel poorly planned growth by selling public lands.

Utah seems too willing to give up thousands of gallons of west desert water to
Las Vegas without a thought as to how it might impact the Great Salt Lake or
fragile basin and range ecosystems.

With all these developments, I picked up my copy of Dr. Seuss' classic
environmental cautionary tale, The Lorax. I open it from time to time seeking
its simple wisdom.

The book's villain, the aptly named Once-ler, ignores repeated warnings from the
Lorax, who protects the forest. The Once-ler chops down a forest of trees to
make Thneed, which he sells for "three ninety-eight."

The Once-ler is not inherently evil. He employs family and friends, and feels he
is doing good by the world while making plenty of cash for himself.

"Business is business! And business must grow," exclaims the Once-ler.

The results of his tree harvest are predictable. As he builds a factory and cuts
down every tree, polluted skies and fouled water drive nearly every creature
away from the once-thriving forest. When the last tree falls, the Once-ler must
close his business. He becomes bitter and lonely, holed up in a shack, waiting
to give a young boy the last tree seed in hopes of reversing what he has done.

Is this children's tale too simple of a way to explain the more complex modern
world?

Most certainly.

Still, those who run our local, state and national governments as well as more
than a few businesses remind me of the Once-ler, too often looking at short-term
gains while ignoring long-term consequences.

Must we exploit every drop of water, burn fossil fuels as fast as we can find
them, grow our cities with little thought to the future and continue to drive
gas-guzzling vehicles?

In the final pages of the book, the Lorax leaves a one-word message to the
Once-ler as he leaves a once idyllic forest that has been destroyed by
short-sighted greed: "Unless."

Unless we start thinking of our grandchildren, unless we learn to plan better,
to conserve more and perhaps use wilderness and roadless designations to
conserve our planet's beauty and resources for future generations, our country's
future and, with global warming, our planet may be threatened.

We are all at fault in our own small ways, part of a larger problem. Who will be
our Lorax, who "speaks for the trees, for the trees have no tongues"?

---

* TOM WHARTON can be contacted at wharton@sltrib.com or 801-257-8909. Send
comments about this story to livingeditor@sltrib.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tom Wharton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              909 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            October 20, 2006 Friday

NBC Universal to cut 700 jobs;
The moves are expected to save $750 million by the end of 2008

BYLINE: ANGELA MOORE, MarketWatch

SECTION: Z_BUSINESS

LENGTH: 785 words


NBC Universal on Thursday said it would overhaul its operations and cut 700 jobs
in a move to slash expenses and direct resources to opportunities in digital
media.

The announcement comes as traditional broadcasters struggle to retain viewers in
the face of competition from various types of new media including video-sharing
Web sites such as You Tube or portable digital devices.

In a move to expand their reach and relevance online, NBC and other networks
offer replays of popular programming on their Web sites.

NBC Universal, the entertainment and broadcasting arm of General Electric Co.,
dubbed the plan "NBCU 2.0" and said the initiative is expected to trim annual
administrative and operating expenses by $750 million by the end of 2008. It
will also cut 700 jobs, or 5 percent of the work force, over the same time
period.

"Success in this business means quickly adjusting to and anticipating change,"
said Bob Wright, vice chairman of GE and chairman and chief executive of NBC
Universal. "This initiative is designed to help us exploit technology and focus
our resources, as we continue our transformation into a digital media company
for the 21st century."

Analysts said the move makes sense not just for NBC Universal but for other
networks and studios during this time of transition for the entertainment
industry.

Such entities "have to recognize that consumer choices are so plentiful that
maybe they cannot profitably provide the same level and amount of programming
that they have historically provided," says Mark Fratrik, vice president of the
BIA Financial Network.

"They have to continue to invest in other distribution channels (which they have
begun to) to move their product to all audiences, young and old," Fratrik said.

The company said savings will be reinvested in higher-growth areas. Digital
revenues are expected to exceed $1 billion by 2009, NBC Universal said.

Recent growth has been driven by initiatives such as the partnership between
Yahoo and Telemundo to develop the leading Hispanic Internet destination; the
launch of NBC WeatherPlus, nbbc, nbcsports.com, cnbc.com, and dotcomedy.com.

The business models in news and entertainment will be further adapted to exploit
the opportunities of the changing media landscape, the company said.

As part of the redesign, NBC Universal's 24-hour cable news channel, MSNBC, will
move its operations to the company's production facilities at 30 Rockefeller
Plaza in New York City and Englewood Cliffs, N.J. The company said the move will
streamline newsgathering operations and result in better utilization of both
facilities.

We have to recognize that the changes of the next five years will dwarf the
changes of the last fifty," said Jeff Zucker, CEO of NBC Universal Television
Group.

Reviews are also under way at NBC News bureaus and facilities around the world.

On the entertainment side, the TV group will look to generate revenue across all
platforms -- including new digital distribution outlets -- through a business
strategy that reduces the company's dependence on traditional content
distribution methods and advertising models.

This includes bringing content to consumers sooner on a variety of platforms,
creating new windows or opportunities in the traditional syndication market, and
developing alternative advertising metrics.

The plan will also focus on making the growing Hispanic market a priority.

A Wall Street Journal report early Thursday said NBC Universal would stop airing
dramas in the 8 p.m. to 9 p.m. primetime hour in a move to save money.

For the Universal Studios business the overhaul will focus on the recent
developments in technology and media.

"As a business we are continually looking to be smarter about how we develop,
distribute, and market our films around the world," said Ron Meyer, president
and chief operating officer of Universal Studios. "We plan to realign our
operations to maximize growth opportunities in an increasingly competitive and
evolving industry."

The cost savings will come from "consolidating positions and maximizing
efficiencies across all aspects of the business units." Savings will also be
realized though consolidating locations, support functions and marketing
activities at Universal Pictures International, Universal Pictures International
Entertainment and NBC Universal International Television Distribution.

Universal Parks & Resorts Group will continue to look for strategic growth
opportunities and cost reductions at their properties in Los Angeles and
Orlando.

GE shares declined 28 cents to close at $35.28 on Thursday.

------

(c) 2006, MarketWatch.com Inc. Visit MarketWatch on the Web at
http://www.marketwatch.com Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              910 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            August 19, 2006 Saturday

Demos see rifts widen between GOP, governor

BYLINE: Kate Folmar, MediaNews Sacramento Bureau

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 884 words


As Arnold Schwarzenegger addresses hundreds at the California Republican Party
convention in Los Angeles today, Democrats are doing their best to plumb the
governor's sometimes uneasy relationship with his own party.

The convention, which began Friday, is the final one before the November
election. It's a key time to energize loyalists to volunteer and vote in a year
that experts think could be dismal for the GOP nationwide. High gas prices, the
extended war in Iraq and corruption scandals are all contributing to the
malaise.

Schwarzenegger's rival, Treasurer Phil Angelides, has tried to ignite voter
excitement in his own party and with independents by repeatedly linking the
governor with President Bush, who is profoundly unpopular here.

The governor has parried by reaching out to moderates. He has distanced himself
from the president on issues such as stem-cell research and has struck a
middle-of-the-road stance on immigration. Those moves, however, rankle some
party conservatives -- leaving a potential divide for Democrats to exploit.

Democrats contend that they are unified behind Angelides. To drive home that
point, eight Democrats seeking statewide office -- from Angelides down to the
candidates for the state's tax board -- stood side by side this week in a hotel
meeting room.

Democratic Party Chairman Art Torres said he doesn't expect any such moments at
the GOP convention. He contends that Schwarzenegger ``wants to run away from''
the other statewide Republican candidates -- most of whom are more conservative.

But Republicans assert that's a cynical attempt by Democrats to force a wedge
between the governor, his allies and their voters. Schwarzenegger places a
``high premium'' on promoting the GOP ticket, campaign manager Steve Schmidt
said.

The governor is raising tons of cash for other statewide candidates and up to
$25 million for the party. He spent part of the evening of the June primary with
Tom McClintock and Chuck Poochigian -- who are running for lieutenant governor
and attorney general, respectively -- at the popular Sacramento restaurant
Spataro. He is expected to appear publicly with other ``down ballot'' candidates
later in the race.

``When I compare the level of unity within our party with the level of unity in
the Democratic Party,'' said California Republican Party Chairman Duf Sundheim,
``I'll take my party any day.''

And whatever the governor's relationship with the right -- and Democrats'
efforts to exploit it -- it doesn't appear to have dented the governor's
standing. He not only holds a handy lead over Angelides but also fares much
better within his own party.

Still, the governor is approaching the race with care, opined Sherry Bebitch
Jeffe, a political analyst and senior scholar with the University of Southern
California.

``As far as I can tell, he's running all by himself,'' which is not uncommon for
gubernatorial candidates, she said. ``It's clear to me that Arnold understands,
or his people understand, that he can't be perceived as a conservative
Republican.''

Excerpts of the governor's speech, released late Friday, suggest that he will
stress issues on which nearly all Republicans can agree. He'll paint Angelides
as someone who wants to ``tax virtually everyone, everywhere.''

Attorney general candidate Poochigian, a senator from Fresno, dismissed any talk
of a rift between the governor and other candidates. ``I recognize that's the
spin out there. But I do regard it as just that -- spin.''

Insurance commissioner candidate Steve Poizner, a Bay Area moderate, said
Schwarzenegger will help him at a Silicon Valley fundraiser Aug. 29.

``The governor has been very helpful,'' he said. ``Any time we've asked, he has
helped.''

Not so much for U.S. Senate candidate Dick Mountjoy, who opposes abortion and
favors closing the borders. He's running a long-shot race against the popular
Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif. Mountjoy has not received the governor's endorsement
-- unlike the rest of the ticket.

``Normally, governors of the same party, after the primary they include everyone
on a team,'' Mountjoy said, speculating that the governor hasn't endorsed him
because Schwarzenegger's chief of staff once worked for Feinstein. ``He chose
not to do that. He chose to go in a different direction, and that's fine.''

Some Republicans think Schwarzenegger probably should do his own thing.

``The best thing Arnold can do for the down-ticket is to win by double digits,''
said consultant Karen Hanretty, a former spokeswoman for the California
Republican Party. ``And the best way for Arnold to win by double digits is to
get as many Democrats and independents to cast ballots for him as possible. And
he can't do that by being seen with partisan Republicans.''

Staff Writer Edwin Garcia contributed to this report. Contact Kate Folmar at
kfolmar@mercurynews.com or (916) 441-4602; read www. mercextra.com/
politicsblog.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              911 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            August 19, 2006 Saturday

Demos see rifts widen between GOP, governor

BYLINE: Kate Folmar, MediaNews Sacramento Bureau

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 124 words


As Arnold Schwarzenegger addresses hundreds at the California Republican Party
convention in Los Angeles today, Democrats are doing their best to plumb the
governor's sometimes uneasy relationship with his own party.

The convention, which began Friday, is the final one before the November
election. It's a key time to energize loyalists to volunteer and vote in a year
that experts think could be dismal for the GOP nationwide. High gas prices, the
extended war in Iraq and corruption scandals are all contributing to the
malaise.

Schwarzenegger's rival, Treasurer Phil Angelides, has tried to ignite voter
excitement in his own party and with independents by repeatedly linking the
governor with President Bush, who is profoundly unpopular here.

The governor has parried by reaching out to moderates. He has distanced himself
from the president on issues such as stem-cell research and has struck a
middle-of-the-road stance on immigration. Those moves, however, rankle some
party conservatives -- leaving a potential divide for Democrats to exploit.

Democrats contend that they are unified behind Angelides. To drive home that
point, eight Democrats seeking statewide office -- from Angelides down to the
candidates for the state's tax board -- stood side by side this week in a hotel
meeting room.

Democratic Party Chairman Art Torres said he doesn't expect any such moments at
the GOP convention. He contends that Schwarzenegger ``wants to run away from''
the other statewide Republican candidates -- most of whom are more conservative.

But Republicans assert that's a cynical attempt by Democrats to force a wedge
between the governor, his allies and their voters. Schwarzenegger places a
``high premium'' on promoting the GOP ticket, campaign manager Steve Schmidt
said.

The governor is raising tons of cash for other statewide candidates and up to
$25 million for the party. He spent part of the evening of the June primary with
Tom McClintock and Chuck Poochigian -- who are running for lieutenant governor
and attorney general, respectively -- at the popular Sacramento restaurant
Spataro. He is expected to appear publicly with other ``down ballot'' candidates
later in the race.

``When I compare the level of unity within our party with the level of unity in
the Democratic Party,'' said California Republican Party Chairman Duf Sundheim,
``I'll take my party any day.''

And whatever the governor's relationship with the right -- and Democrats'
efforts to exploit it -- it doesn't appear to have dented the governor's
standing. He not only holds a handy lead over Angelides but also fares much
better within his own party.

Still, the governor is approaching the race with care, opined Sherry Bebitch
Jeffe, a political analyst and senior scholar with the University of Southern
California.

``As far as I can tell, he's running all by himself,'' which is not uncommon for
gubernatorial candidates, she said. ``It's clear to me that Arnold understands,
or his people understand, that he can't be perceived as a conservative
Republican.''

Excerpts of the governor's speech, released late Friday, suggest that he will
stress issues on which nearly all Republicans can agree. He'll paint Angelides
as someone who wants to ``tax virtually everyone, everywhere.''

Attorney general candidate Poochigian, a senator from Fresno, dismissed any talk
of a rift between the governor and other candidates. ``I recognize that's the
spin out there. But I do regard it as just that -- spin.''

Insurance commissioner candidate Steve Poizner, a Bay Area moderate, said
Schwarzenegger will help him at a Silicon Valley fundraiser Aug. 29.

``The governor has been very helpful,'' he said. ``Any time we've asked, he has
helped.''

Not so much for U.S. Senate candidate Dick Mountjoy, who opposes abortion and
favors closing the borders. He's running a long-shot race against the popular
Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif. Mountjoy has not received the governor's endorsement
-- unlike the rest of the ticket.

``Normally, governors of the same party, after the primary they include everyone
on a team,'' Mountjoy said, speculating that the governor hasn't endorsed him
because Schwarzenegger's chief of staff once worked for Feinstein. ``He chose
not to do that. He chose to go in a different direction, and that's fine.''

Some Republicans think Schwarzenegger probably should do his own thing.

``The best thing Arnold can do for the down-ticket is to win by double digits,''
said consultant Karen Hanretty, a former spokeswoman for the California
Republican Party. ``And the best way for Arnold to win by double digits is to
get as many Democrats and independents to cast ballots for him as possible. And
he can't do that by being seen with partisan Republicans.''

Staff Writer Edwin Garcia contributed to this report. Contact Kate Folmar at
kfolmar@mercurynews.com or (916) 441-4602; read www. mercextra.com/
politicsblog.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              912 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 30, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

IN THE NATION;
The March of Folly

BYLINE: By Tom Wicker; A.M. Rosenthal is on vacation.

SECTION: Section A; Page 31, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 784 words


Can it possibly be just less than a year - it seems an age - since I confidently
declared in this space that ''the Democrats will know how to exploit'' George
Bush's role in the Iran-contra scandal, and that it was ''difficult to imagine
anything he might say to silence'' that issue?

It's still difficult to imagine, as I wrote on Jan. 11, 1988, but for the most
part Mr. Bush did silence it -not least because, as things turned out, the
Democrats did not know how to exploit even such an explosive question. That was
the first of several political misjudgments, however plausible at the time, that
left yours truly with a disreputable C.P.R. (Correct Prognostication Rating).

On Feb. 4, for regrettable example, I deplored all the publicity and undeserved
political momentum the press was sure to provide the winners of party caucuses
in the small and untypical state of Iowa. In fact the Iowa winners, Richard
Gephardt for the Democrats and Bob Dole for the Republicans, soon followed their
unfortunate momentum right out of the race.

Worse was to come. Gazing into a crystal ball misted o'er with the hot breath of
discovery, I managed somehow to discern, on Feb. 19, the possibility of a
Democratic ticket composed of Representative Gephardt and Senator Albert Gore.
Like so many drivers stopped by the police, I must have been on medication.

On March 18 and April 8, I paid dubious respects to Michael Dukakis -proclaiming
in the first column that he might ''look back upon Illinois,'' where he had
finished third, as the state that had finished his Presidential campaign. In the
second, I observed his victory in Wisconsin with the suggestion that ''the race
for the nomination is unlikely to be settled in the remaining primaries.'' Some
Democrats, possibly including Governor Dukakis, no doubt wish I had been right.

These two columns partly redeemed themselves with the prescient warnings that
the Governor had received fewer votes in winning Democratic primaries in Florida
and Texas than Mr. Bush had in his victories in those states' Republican
primaries; and that ''if the Democrats failed to win any electoral votes in the
South'' they could hardly hope to find the necessary 270 among the 400 electoral
votes outside the South. They didn't.

My C.P.R. went up perceptibly on May 3, when I gave Governor Dukakis the sound
advice that ''his national standing could only be enhanced'' if he expanded his
campaign staff beyond the narrow circle of advisers who had won the nomination
for him. He never did it, and the unanimous conclusion of press and political
observers is that ''Boston'' - as the Dukakis staff soon was derisively labeled
- proved inadequate and ineffective in the general election campaign.

On June 24, sad to say, I was back in stride. ''Vice President Bush must have
little to say of real national importance,'' I huffed, ''if he can think of
nothing better than to picture Michael Dukakis as soft on crime and weak on
patriotism.'' Mr. Bush's ''fatuous charges'' about the Pledge of Allegiance and
Willie Horton's furlough were deemed ''not serious Presidential campaigning.''
All this proved nearly true; It was fatuous and wasn't serious campaigning, but
it worked.

On Aug. 22 - reacting to Mr. Bush's still inexplicable choice for Vice President
- I boldly advanced the proposal that future Presidential nominees should not
pick running mates: the winner, upon taking office, should nominate a Vice
President to be confirmed by the Senate under the provisions of the 25th
Amendment.

This could be done, I said, without further constitutional change.

Not a few readers reminded me, however, that numerous states require the name of
a Vice-Presidential candidate on their general election ballots. True, but that
seems to me a minor barrier to a good plan for better-qualified Vice Presidents.

On Oct. 18, in a column about exploitation by baby-formula manufacturers of a
Federal food program for poor children and infants, I said Wyeth Laboratories
was an independent company. In fact, it's a division of American Home Products
Corporation.

On Nov. 18, reviewing the latest Democratic debacle, I suggested that Lloyd
Bentsen ''represents reasonably well the kind of nominee the Democrats need'' to
win back the Presidency. With all due respect to Senator Bentsen, I meant that
someone of equally ''moderate record and restrained manner'' - not necessarily
he - should be nominated.

Now the good news: As several times urged in this space, Congress saved
important areas of the Manassas battlefield in Virginia from commercial
development by taking the land into the adjacent national park. Encouraged by
that, if by little else, I'm braced for 1989.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                              913 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                             August 3, 2014 Sunday

North Yorkshire men's holiday exploits in the US go viral

BYLINE: Joe Willis

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 368 words


THE exploits of two North Yorkshire men on holiday in America have gone viral
with more than half a million people following their adventures on-line.

Paul Tranter and Anthony Kirkby - who describe themselves as the Colburn Idiots
Abroad - have become an internet sensation after posting clips of their time in
Los Angeles on YouTube.

One clip of the men preparing to leave their hotel wearing matching clothes
featuring the American flag to "blend in with the locals" had been watched by
more than 460,000 people by Sunday night.

Hundreds of people commented on the video, which was one of the most watched
clips submitted to social networking site reddit.com over the weekend.

One viewer said: "These guys should have their own TV show."

The video has also been picked up by other internet sites, including popular
on-line entertainment magazine The Lads Bible.

On Sunday, the men were emailed by a researcher from a US company specialising
in helping amateur videomakers make money from their work.

She said: "I'm watching your Colburn Idiots Abroad series right now and it's
hysterical. Los Angeles is going to love you.

"The internet is already loving the clips you've put up and we can help you make
some money from their popularity."

Another clip shows the men being locked out of the pub where they were staying
after a night out and attempting to climb up the front of the building using a
dustbin and an old bed.

They also filmed an exotic dancer on Hollywood Boulevard and published a clip of
themselves watching Manchester United play a pre-season game in a Los Angeles
bar.

Mr Tranter tells the camera: "It's day one, we've flown 6,000 or 7,000 miles or
so - I didn't measure it - and we're sat in a pub watching Manchester Utd - I
could have done this at home."

Mr Tranter later posted on his Facebook site: "Me and Anthony are the number 1
trending video on it (reddit) and have been invited to a house party in
Hollywood hills tonight, and to shoot at a shooting range tomorrow for free
because of it..... god bless Murca (sic)."

The men have also posted pictures of meeting former member of British boyband
East 17, John Hendy, during their holiday.

The pair were unavailable for comment on Sunday evening.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              914 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 2, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Cheers, Feast For Doberman's Heroic Exploit

BYLINE: By WALTER R. FLETCHER

SECTION: Section B; Page 10, Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 415 words


A Doberman pinscher, Gridiron's Air Coryell, named after Don Coryell, the former
coach of the National Football League's San Diego Chargers, is America's dog
hero of the year.

The 6-year-old black and tan, known as Jet, and her owners, Candy and George
Sangster of Sepulveda, Calif., were honored yesterday in Washington as part of
the ceremonies celebrating Dog Hero Week. For the Sangsters, there was a medal,
and for the heroine, a year's supply of dog food.

The exploit that earned the Ken-L Ration award for Jet took place on Halloween.
Mrs. Sangster, who is administrative assistant to Tommy Harmon, the 1940 Heisman
Trophy winner and now a California sports broadcaster, is a diabetic and had
slipped into a coma.

''I had left my front door ajar, so I would be able to give the trick-and treat
youngsters some goodies when they came to the house,'' said Mrs. Sangster. ''I
passed out, falling on the living-room floor.''

Jet apparently nuzzled the door open sufficiently to get out, ran to a gate in a
4-foot-high fence separating the Sangsters' property from a next-door
neighbor's, Hazel Lavin, nuzzled up the latch on the gate and ran through to the
Lavin's house, where she began to bark furiously.

Paramedics Arrive

Mrs. Lavin, hearing the continuous barking of the usually quiet Jet, noticed the
Sangsters' car in the driveway and, since it was dusk, lights on in their house.
So she phoned them. When there was no answer, she dialed 911 and explained the
situation.

Two paramedics arrived. Jet, still barking, was running back and forth between
the two houses. ''She's telling us something,'' said Mrs. Lavin. ''I think we
should go to the Sangsters.''

When they did, they found Mrs. Sangster unconscious from severe hypoglycemia.
Mrs. Lavin told the paramedics her neighbor was a diabetic, so they quickly
administered glucose and she regained consciousness.

Her husband was in Virginia, where he was judging three shows over the weekend.

If not for Jet, the paramedics said, Mrs. Sangster would not have survived.

''When I came to,'' she said, ''I heard one of the paramedics say, 'This dog
deserves a medal.' Now she has one. A friend gave us Jet when she was just 8
weeks old. She's the best gift we've ever received.''

This is the 34th year the Quaker Oats Company has sponsored the competition and
it is the first time a Doberman has received the award. Jet was chosen from more
than 300 canines who performed heroic and often life-saving deeds.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Jet and her owner Candy Sangster

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                              915 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           December 19, 2015 Saturday

Coaches Rivers, Popovich recall series differently

BYLINE: By DAN WOIKE, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C

LENGTH: 541 words

DATELINE: SAN ANTONIO


Some people talk about the Clippers-Spurs first-round playoff series from last
spring like it was one of the NBA's best seven-game battles in recent memory.

Five of the games were decided by 10 points or less, and the series itself ended
with a dramatic last-second shot from Chris Paul to put the Clippers over the
top.

"It was a tough series," Clippers coach Doc Rivers said. "They had guys that
shot the ball well, and then they had guys that didn't. We did too. It was one
of those series, I think it was a very well-played series but not everyone
played well. That's just playoff basketball."

San Antonio head coach Gregg Popovich was a little less nostalgic.

"I thought we played poorly," he said before Friday's rematch. "It was one of
our poorest series we've ever played in. Multiple players that had poor series.
That was the long and short of it more than anything."

One of those players who struggled last spring, Tony Parker, starred in the
Spurs' 115-107 victory Friday.

LaMarcus Aldridge, the Spurs' prize in free agency, and Parker, combined for 57
points Friday, shooting better than 57 percent from the field.

"We had a lot of good performances," Popovich said. "LaMarcus was really good on
both ends of the floor. Tony, down the stretch, has been really good for us."

Friday, like last year's playoff series, was a reminder of the stress San
Antonio can place on an opponent.

"What makes them good is they make the right play every time down the floor,"
Clippers guard J.J. Redick said. "They don't predetermine everything. They can
call a play; they know what the first, second, third option is. They're going to
exploit whatever way you're hedging towards. They're going to counter it and
exploit.

"Rarely, a possession goes by where they don't make the right play."

GRIFFIN'S THREES

Blake Griffin hit both of his 3-point attempts Friday, beating the shot clock in
the first half and keeping the Clippers' barely alive late in the fourth.

They were just Griffin's 14th and 15th 3-point attempts of the season. Counting
Friday, he's made six.

"I don't want to get trigger happy after two makes," Griffin said.

But, the Clippers think Griffin can be a weapon from beyond the 3-point line, a
belief they've held for the better part of the past two seasons.

Over that span, he's shot 40 percent from 3-point range, but he's only attempted
40.

"He can shoot them," Rivers said. "He works on them. I still think, at times, he
doesn't want to shoot them unless we draw the play up for him."

But Rivers doesn't want Griffin fading out to the 3-point line on pick-and-pops.
He wants the shots to be more organic.

"I don't want him forcing or searching for 3s," he said. "I want the 3s to come
naturally."

NOTES

Chris Paul, who missed two games earlier this month with inflamed rib cartilage,
grabbed at his left side during the second half. "I got hit a couple of times,"
Paul said, adding that it was something he "pretty much" has to deal with. ...
DeAndre Jordan attempted 20 free throws in the Clippers' loss. Prior to Friday,
the Clippers were undefeated (14-0) in games when Jordan attempted 14 or more
free throws. ... The Clippers play in Houston today for the first time since
being eliminated in Game 7 of a second-round playoff series in May.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              916 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           December 19, 2015 Saturday

Coaches Rivers, Popovich recall series differently

BYLINE: By DAN WOIKE, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C

LENGTH: 541 words

DATELINE: SAN ANTONIO


Some people talk about the Clippers-Spurs first-round playoff series from last
spring like it was one of the NBA's best seven-game battles in recent memory.

Five of the games were decided by 10 points or less, and the series itself ended
with a dramatic last-second shot from Chris Paul to put the Clippers over the
top.

"It was a tough series," Clippers coach Doc Rivers said. "They had guys that
shot the ball well, and then they had guys that didn't. We did too. It was one
of those series, I think it was a very well-played series but not everyone
played well. That's just playoff basketball."

San Antonio head coach Gregg Popovich was a little less nostalgic.

"I thought we played poorly," he said before Friday's rematch. "It was one of
our poorest series we've ever played in. Multiple players that had poor series.
That was the long and short of it more than anything."

One of those players who struggled last spring, Tony Parker, starred in the
Spurs' 115-107 victory Friday.

LaMarcus Aldridge, the Spurs' prize in free agency, and Parker, combined for 57
points Friday, shooting better than 57 percent from the field.

"We had a lot of good performances," Popovich said. "LaMarcus was really good on
both ends of the floor. Tony, down the stretch, has been really good for us."

Friday, like last year's playoff series, was a reminder of the stress San
Antonio can place on an opponent.

"What makes them good is they make the right play every time down the floor,"
Clippers guard J.J. Redick said. "They don't predetermine everything. They can
call a play; they know what the first, second, third option is. They're going to
exploit whatever way you're hedging towards. They're going to counter it and
exploit.

"Rarely, a possession goes by where they don't make the right play."

GRIFFIN'S THREES

Blake Griffin hit both of his 3-point attempts Friday, beating the shot clock in
the first half and keeping the Clippers' barely alive late in the fourth.

They were just Griffin's 14th and 15th 3-point attempts of the season. Counting
Friday, he's made six.

"I don't want to get trigger happy after two makes," Griffin said.

But, the Clippers think Griffin can be a weapon from beyond the 3-point line, a
belief they've held for the better part of the past two seasons.

Over that span, he's shot 40 percent from 3-point range, but he's only attempted
40.

"He can shoot them," Rivers said. "He works on them. I still think, at times, he
doesn't want to shoot them unless we draw the play up for him."

But Rivers doesn't want Griffin fading out to the 3-point line on pick-and-pops.
He wants the shots to be more organic.

"I don't want him forcing or searching for 3s," he said. "I want the 3s to come
naturally."

NOTES

Chris Paul, who missed two games earlier this month with inflamed rib cartilage,
grabbed at his left side during the second half. "I got hit a couple of times,"
Paul said, adding that it was something he "pretty much" has to deal with. ...
DeAndre Jordan attempted 20 free throws in the Clippers' loss. Prior to Friday,
the Clippers were undefeated (14-0) in games when Jordan attempted 14 or more
free throws. ... The Clippers play in Houston today for the first time since
being eliminated in Game 7 of a second-round playoff series in May.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              917 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Oregon: Liquor Control Commission, The state of Oregon has Issues Solicitation
for "RFQ OLCC Information Security Asse & Technical Risk Assessment"

LENGTH: 474  words

DATELINE: Salem


Liquor Control Commission, The state of Oregon  has issued requirement for "RFQ
OLCC Information Security Asse & Technical Risk Assessment"

Reference No.: DASPS-2050-15

Solicitation Type:  RFP

Description: Addendum # 1 This addendum is to update ORPIN to reflect the same
due date as the attached
opportunity of March 19,2015.
Opportunity Summary
The State of Oregon, acting by and through its Department of Administrative
Services, State
Services Division, State Procurement Office (DAS SPO) on behalf of the State of
Oregon,
Liquor Control Commission, hereby provides Public Notice of its Request for
Quotes.
To meet OLCC's stated goals, Contractor will conduct an Information Security
Assessment -
Technical Risk Assessment. The assessment will consist of a comprehensive,
customized
Penetration Test, plus a Device Configuration Review for three network devices
to be
specified by OLCC. Contractor will perform physical site audits and attempt
social
engineering exploits at the seven locations specified in this Request for Quote.
Also,
Contractor will perform a comprehensive review of agency's Active Directory
system and
provide recommendations for enhancements to improve security. Finally,
contractor will
provide training workshops in order to educate OLCC staff on methods and
prevention of
social engineering exploits.

All comments relating to this Request for Quote should be directed to the
following contact.

State of Oregon - Contract Administrator
Rena Sawyer, Procurement Specialist
Department of Administrative Services,
Enterprise Goods and Services
Procurement Services
1225 Ferry Street SE U140
Salem, Oregon 97301
e-mail: rena.sawyer@oregon.gov

This Request for Quote is in compliance with Contract # 3405 Incident Response
Service
Vendor List. This Request for Quote along with a Request for Quote document are
posted on
the Oregon Procurement Information Network (ORPIN) at http://orpin.oregon.gov
and will not
be mailed to interested persons.
Interested persons without access to ORPIN may download copies at DAS
Procurement Services,
1225 Ferry St. SE - U140, Salem, Oregon. Interested persons may also order hard
copies from
DAS Procurement Services for a fee. Interested persons unfamiliar with ORPIN may
contact
DAS Procurement Services at 1225 Ferry St. SE - U140, Salem, OR 97301-4285;
telephone
number (503) 378-4642.

Interested persons may submit questions or comments about this Request for Quote
to Rena
Sawyer, at Rena.Sawyer@oregon.gov on or before March 13. 2015 2:00 PM PST.

Deadline for All responses: 03/19/2015 2:00 PM

Contact Information:

DAS Procurement Services
1225 Ferry St SE
Salem, Oregon
97301
Contact:   Rena A Sawyer
Phone:   1 (503) 378-2272
Fax:
Email:   rena.sawyer@state.or.us

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              918 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Oregon: Liquor Control Commission, The state of Oregon has Issues Solicitation
for "RFQ OLCC Information Security Asse & Technical Risk Assessment"

LENGTH: 474  words

DATELINE: Salem


Liquor Control Commission, The state of Oregon  has issued requirement for "RFQ
OLCC Information Security Asse & Technical Risk Assessment"

Reference No.: DASPS-2050-15

Solicitation Type:  RFP

Description: Addendum # 1 This addendum is to update ORPIN to reflect the same
due date as the attached
opportunity of March 19,2015.
Opportunity Summary
The State of Oregon, acting by and through its Department of Administrative
Services, State
Services Division, State Procurement Office (DAS SPO) on behalf of the State of
Oregon,
Liquor Control Commission, hereby provides Public Notice of its Request for
Quotes.
To meet OLCC's stated goals, Contractor will conduct an Information Security
Assessment -
Technical Risk Assessment. The assessment will consist of a comprehensive,
customized
Penetration Test, plus a Device Configuration Review for three network devices
to be
specified by OLCC. Contractor will perform physical site audits and attempt
social
engineering exploits at the seven locations specified in this Request for Quote.
Also,
Contractor will perform a comprehensive review of agency's Active Directory
system and
provide recommendations for enhancements to improve security. Finally,
contractor will
provide training workshops in order to educate OLCC staff on methods and
prevention of
social engineering exploits.

All comments relating to this Request for Quote should be directed to the
following contact.

State of Oregon - Contract Administrator
Rena Sawyer, Procurement Specialist
Department of Administrative Services,
Enterprise Goods and Services
Procurement Services
1225 Ferry Street SE U140
Salem, Oregon 97301
e-mail: rena.sawyer@oregon.gov

This Request for Quote is in compliance with Contract # 3405 Incident Response
Service
Vendor List. This Request for Quote along with a Request for Quote document are
posted on
the Oregon Procurement Information Network (ORPIN) at http://orpin.oregon.gov
and will not
be mailed to interested persons.
Interested persons without access to ORPIN may download copies at DAS
Procurement Services,
1225 Ferry St. SE - U140, Salem, Oregon. Interested persons may also order hard
copies from
DAS Procurement Services for a fee. Interested persons unfamiliar with ORPIN may
contact
DAS Procurement Services at 1225 Ferry St. SE - U140, Salem, OR 97301-4285;
telephone
number (503) 378-4642.

Interested persons may submit questions or comments about this Request for Quote
to Rena
Sawyer, at Rena.Sawyer@oregon.gov on or before March 13. 2015 2:00 PM PST.

Deadline for All responses: 03/19/2015 2:00 PM

Contact Information:

DAS Procurement Services
1225 Ferry St SE
Salem, Oregon
97301
Contact:   Rena A Sawyer
Phone:   1 (503) 378-2272
Fax:
Email:   rena.sawyer@state.or.us

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              919 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

Washington: Mattawan Man Convicted on Multiple Counts of Attempted Sexual
Exploitation of a Child and Other Related Charges

LENGTH: 433  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

James Alfred Beckman, Jr., 39, of Mattawan, Michigan was convicted by a jury of
10 counts of attempting to sexually exploit a child by trying to make his own
child pornography, one count of attempting to coerce and entice a child to
commit a sex act, two counts of distributing child pornography, and two counts
of receiving child pornography, U.S. Attorney Patrick A. Miles, Jr. announced
today. The jury returned the guilty verdicts and one acquittal on the 11th
charge of attempted sexual exploitation after hearing testimony and reviewing
evidence presented during a two-week trial. Beckman faces up to life
imprisonment for these offenses, he will be required to serve a term of
supervised release after his prison term has been completed, and he will also be
required to register as a sexual offender. The date of Beckman's sentencing has
not been set.

The evidence presented at trial showed that Beckman sexually abused and
exploited two young children during 2012. He streamed and attempted to stream
live video of this abuse and exploitation to others. In exchange, he received
child pornography and other things he deemed of value. Beckman's conduct came to
light when one of his victims disclosed the abuse to another adult. The Michigan
State Police and the Federal Bureau of Investigation then launched an
investigation. The investigation revealed a network of individuals trafficking
in child pornography. Two of Beckman's accomplices testified against him.

This case is part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide initiative designed to
protect children from online exploitation and abuse. The U.S. Attorney's Office,
county prosecutor's offices, the Internet Crimes Against Children (ICAC) Task
Force, and federal, state, and local law enforcement are working closely
together to locate, apprehend, and prosecute individuals who exploit children.
The partners in Project Safe Childhood work to educate local communities about
the dangers of online child exploitation and to teach children how to protect
themselves. For more information about Project Safe Childhood, please visit the
following website:www.projectsafechildhood.gov. Individuals with information or
concerns about possible child exploitation should contact local law enforcement
officials.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the Michigan State Police (MSP)
investigated the case. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Sean M. Lewis and Timothy P.
Verhey prosecuted the case.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              920 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            March 21, 2012 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 203 words


One of SA's leading families has taken aim at the sons of US property mogul
Donald Trump after their "sickening" hunting exploits in Africa.

Suzanne Ackerman-Berman, daughter of Pick n Pay founder Raymond Ackerman and one
of the company's directors, has penned an extraordinary letter that she is
having hand-delivered to Trump Towers in New York City.

In the letter, Suzanne appeals to the Trump boys - Donald jr and Eric - to use
their wealth responsibly and for the greater good.

The two men showed off their trophies in pictures taken while they were on
safari in Africa. Their kill included three of the Big Five: a leopard, an
elephant, and a buffalo. Others were a crocodile, a civet, a kudu and a
waterbuck.

The pictures, posted on the hunt organiser's website, have drawn the fury of
animal rights activists around the world.

Suzanne writes: "There are few, if any South Africans, who were not sickened by
the article and your trophy photograph.

"I hope that your pedigree instils within both of you a responsibility to do
what is right and to be an example to others."

One of South Africa's leading families has taken aim at the sons of US property
mogul Donald Triump after their "sickening" hunting exploits in Africa.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              921 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            January 15, 2007 Monday
                                 First Edition

Mettle detector for rusty Hewitt;
THE FIRST HURDLE; TENNIS - Australian Open

BYLINE: Linda Pearce

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 709 words


DARREN Cahill bestowed the "Rusty" nickname on Lleyton Hewitt, but American
qualifier Michael Russell tomorrow hopes to exploit the lack of recent matchplay
Cahill rates as potentially more disruptive for his former pupil than the
resignation of Roger Rasheed.

Cahill, who coached Hewitt from before his first tournament win in 1998 until
the end of 2001, yesterday said he expected the Australian No.1 - nicknamed
after the young Griswald son in the National Lampoon films - to be less affected
by the dramas with his support staff than by the fact he has played just two
matches since the Davis Cup semi-final in September.

"I think also not playing in the last six days is going to be a real worry for
him, so there are question marks over Lleyton's head," Cahill said on Channel
Seven. "But you know the young man, you know that you can never write him off."

Only once before has Hewitt entered an Australian Open without playing at least
one match in the preceding week: in 2002, when he was suffering from chickenpox
and crashed to Alberto Martin in the first round. This year, he played two
matches in Adelaide before withdrawing with a calf injury from the Sydney
International, returning to the practice court only on Thursday.

Russell, in contrast, has claimed consecutive Challenger events either side of
Christmas, in Honolulu and New Caledonia, then won three qualifying matches last
week at Melbourne Park, totalling eight already this year. None was at
Tour-level, but the gritty baseliner is nothing if not match-hardened.

Asked whether he believed he could exploit Hewitt's relative inactivity, Russell
said: "I hope so. I don't know how many he played in Adelaide. Two? And I've
played eight, so hopefully it will help me a little bit, and I hope he's a
little bit rusty, and I come out playing well, and we'll see what happens.

"Obviously his preparation maybe wasn't the best for this tournament, but the
thing is he's a great competitor, he's been No.1 in the world and he's a
professional, so I'm sure he's going to be playing at his best, or at least try
to, when Tuesday comes, so I'm going to be ready."

Russell, 28, is barely six months into his latest comeback, having been crippled
by three knee operations and a torn hamstring in the past four seasons. He has
rebuilt his ranking from the 300s to the brink of double figures, having peaked
at No.85 in 2001.

Although he played his most recent tournament match before just a few hundred
spectators in Noumea, this will not be Russell's first big-occasion match on a
stadium court, for he made a sensational French Open debut as a qualifier in
2001, beating former champion Sergi Bruguera (retired) in the second round and
then Xavier Malisse.

In the fourth, Russell led the top seed, Gustavo Kuerten, by two sets and held
match point at 5-3 in third set before losing to the eventual champion in five.

"It's great after everything I've been through, with all my injuries, that I get
another chance on another big stage to play a great player," he said.

Hewitt was ranked No.1 when the pair previously met, in Tokyo in 2001, the
Australian winning 6-1, 6-1. They play similar counter-punching games, but
Russell said he hit with more top-spin, compared with Hewitt's flatter style.
High-30s temperatures are forecast for tomorrow afternoon and, for Russell,
whose strengths include court speed and fitness, the hotter the better.

"He beat me pretty handily [in Tokyo], but that was when he was on the top of
his game, and I'm sure he's still on the top of his game, but I'm playing really
well and I'm looking forward to it," Russell said. "This would be probably one
of the biggest victories, which would be amazing, obviously, but at the end of
the day you can't think about that."

Former No.1 Jim Courier predicted that Hewitt's injury-hit preparation would not
affect him too greatly, because "the hard yards" of physical preparation had
been done long before the tournament.

He also believes Russell is an ideal first opponent, being another grinding
baseliner who will allow Hewitt to hit a lot of balls and get himself into the
groove.

"It's a good match-up for Lleyton," said Courier, like Cahill, a Seven
commentator. "He'll get to settle out there, he's not going to be overpowered."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Open minded ... Lleyton Hewitt gets in some practice at
Melbourne Park yesterday. Photo: Wayne Taylor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              922 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           September 4, 2008 Thursday

Making a fine art out of your talent

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 609 words


BEHIND the romantic stereotype of 'the starving artist' waiting to be discovered
is the harsh reality of earning a living.

Being a full-time artist can be a hard slog and only the very determined
succeed.

It is also not enough to be blessed with artistic talents, you have also got to
have commercial savvy and the ability to exploit and market your skills.

Many artists usually fund their income with additional sources, often teaching
or running workshops, and there are opportunities to raise funding in the
commercial field.

As well as selling their work through agents, which take commission fees of 30
per cent or more, and at galleries, exhibitions, craft markets and fairs,
artists can make money though working as 'artists in residence', running
workshops in schools, prisons or hospitals. In addition, many run private art
classes or local community art projects.

Gwyn Jones has been an artist for more than 30 years.

However, when she found herself redundant in an industry that had paid her a
handsome living, she decided to exploit her talents in the commercial world.

She studied illustration at university in Manchester and, after graduating, was
taken on by London-based agency Artistic Partners.

Gwyn spent the next 25 years as a book cover illustrator, specialising in
women's fiction.

Her work has been on the covers of books written by literary giants Catherine
Cookson, D H Lawrence and Agatha Christie.

However, with the emergence of computer-based illustrations, work for Gwyn
practically dried up.

She says: "About 10 years ago, work became fairly thin on the ground as
publishers moved towards using computer designs and photography on book covers.

"I was forced to take action and, as the only thing I can do is paint, I set
myself up as a commercial artist."

Gwyn, 56, started painting murals for an interior designer, and was then
commissioned by Michael Oglesby at property giant Bruntwood for two paintings
for its City Tower headquarters.

Gwyn says: "The paintings were 14ft by 7ft and 6ft square. I commissioned actors
to dress up as Shakespearean characters, and the results were two tableaux which
are now hanging in the reception.

"Other commissions include a brochure for the Philharmonic Orchestra which
feature 10 of my paintings."

Gwyn advises budding artists to stick at it as there is a need out there for
their services.

But she believes that, to succeed, they will have to have a good business brain
as well as being a good sales person and arch networker.

She adds: "If you are an artist, then that is your destiny. But it is important
that you develop the ability to exploit your talent in the commercial field."

Rebecca McKnight is the artist in residence at Salford University.

It is a two-year tenure which is backed by the Arts Council and European
funding, and is designed to help artists set up in business.

Rebecca, who graduated with a fine art degree and has an MA in arts and
management, says to succeed as an artist you have to be flexible and be prepared
to spend time applying for various types of funding, including grants, that are
available.

Rebecca has managed art projects for local authorities, working with young
people and refugees.

While Rebecca has sold her work at art fairs, she says that not many artists
make money from sales alone.

She says: "I am an emerging artist and have tried lots of different things.

To succeed, you will need commercial awareness as well as artistic talent.

Useful information is available at the Artist Information Company at
www.a-n.co.uk and the Arts Council of England at www.artscouncil.org.uk.

The Society of Artists' Agents has details of agents at
www.illustratorsagents.co.uk .

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              923 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    February 27, 2003 Thursday Home Edition

STATE BASKETBALL TOURNAMENT PREVIEW: Stephenson girls face two-time champs;
Jaguars could exploit size factor

BYLINE: JOHN MANASSO

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: DeKalb; Pg. 8JA

LENGTH: 366 words


The No. 3-ranked Stephenson girls basketball team got some reward for winning
the Region 7-AAAAA title for the second year in a row.

After a cushy 86-40 win over Milton in the first round of the Class AAAAA state
tournament, the Jaguars must now face some of the state's toughest competition
if they want to continue a run to the championship.

They face two-time defending state champion Collins Hill at 4 p.m. Thursday. The
Eagles had won 11 in a row before stumbling in the Region 8-AAAAA tournament
semifinals to Parkview.

Stephenson coach Dennis Watkins scouted Collins Hill's first-round victory over
Campbell last Saturday.

"They play great defense," Watkins said. "The guards are super quick. It'll be
interesting. My guards [Rashawn Givens, Aja Pijeaux, Tamika Green] are quick.
It'll be a good matchup."

Stephenson could try to exploit Collins Hill's lack of size (Collins Hill has
only one player over 6-0). The Jaguars' 6-0 junior Ashley Thomas scored 30
points in the victory over Milton.

The problem will be combating that quickness. Guard Stacey Booker, a South
Carolina signee, averages 12.8 points for the Eagles, tops on the team.

Last year, Stephenson's young team was eliminated in the quarterfinal round. It
has been a goal all season to go beyond that point.

Should Stephenson dethrone Collins Hill, the winner of Chattahoochee and
Marietta would await the Jaguars on Saturday.

Chattahoochee is ranked No. 1 and has but one loss. But Watkins isn't
overlooking Marietta. "I also watched Marietta play Meadowcreek," he said.
"Marietta has a 6-4 girl, and she's tough. And they have another young lady,
she's 5-9. She's tough also. The side [of the bracket] we're on is pretty
tough."

When it comes to winning state championships, sooner or later you have to beat
all of the best teams. For Stephenson, it appears that time will come sooner if
the Jaguars are to advance.

However, should they win, they will be battle-tested for the later rounds.

"It would give us a lot of confidence going into the elite eight," Watkins said.
"It's all about getting that momentum going and making that run. It would
definitely give our girls a boost."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Paideia's Sparkle Davis tries to score against Wesleyan in a
game earlier this month. Paideia plays Monticello today in the state playoffs in
Rome. / JOEY IVANSCO / Staff; Graphic: CLASS AAAAA BOYS
Southwest DeKalb vs. Wheeler

* When/where: 5:30 p.m. today; Georgia Dome

* Records/seedings: Southwest DeKalb (21-7, 7-AAAAA No. 1); Wheeler (26-2;
5-AAAAA No. 2)

* Key players: Southwest DeKalb --- G Labrez Barber (5-10, Soph., 17.2 ppg); F
Jarek Swain (6-4, Sr., 15.8 ppg); F/C Eric Harmon (6-7, Sr., 6.9 rpg). Wheeler
--- C Jamareo Davidson (6-10, Sr., 16.1 ppg, 8.2 rpg), G Sharaud Curry (5-11,
Soph., 14.0 ppg, 5.8 apg).

* Notes: Wheeler is the defending state champion. Davidson, who played at Stone
Mountain last year, has signed with Alabama.
Lithonia vs. North Gwinnett

* When/where: 5:30 p.m. Friday; Georgia Dome

* Records/seedings: Lithonia (20-9, 7-AAAAA No. 2); North Gwinnett (25-3,
8-AAAAA No. 4)

* Key players: Lithonia --- F/C Raymond Canady (6-6, Sr., 11.4 ppg, 6.3 rpg);
F/C Jeffrey Tarver (6-5, Sr., 11.1 ppg, 7.0 rpg); G/F Daniel Lomax (6-3, Sr.,
11.6 ppg). North Gwinnett --- C Major Wingate (6-10, Sr., 17 ppg, 8 rpg); G Matt
Garner (6-2, Sr., 12 ppg, 4 apg).

* Notes: North Gwinnett was ranked No. 1 for much of the season; the team won
its first 23 games. Until last Friday's 72-69 win over McEachern, the Bulldogs
had lost three of four.
Redan vs. South Gwinnett

* When/where: 8:30 p.m. Friday; Georgia Dome

* Records/seedings: Redan (21-8, 7-AAAAA No. 3); South Gwinnett (27-3; 8-AAAAA
No. 1)

* Key players: Redan --- G Gerald Stegall (6-6, Sr., 21.1 ppg, 10.5 ppg); G
Berlin Berry (6-1, Sr., 13.2 ppg). South Gwinnett --- G Louis Williams (6-2,
Soph., 33 ppg).

* Notes: South Gwinnett's Williams is touted as perhaps the nation's top
sophomore.
CLASS AAAAA GIRLS
Stephenson vs. Collins Hill

* When/where: 4 p.m. today; Georgia Dome

* Records/seedings: Stephenson (26-1, 7-AAAAA No. 1); Collins Hill (20-6;
8-AAAAA No. 3)

* Key players: Stephenson --- F/C Ashley Thomas (6-0, Jr., 13.0 ppg, 9.7 rpg);
G/F Tamika Green (5-8, Sr., 12.6 ppg); G Rashawn Givens (5-5, Soph., 8.3 ppg).
Collins Hill --- G Stacy Booker (5-7, Sr., 12.8 ppg); C Shannel Harris (6-1,
Sr., 11.5 ppg).

* Notes: Collins Hill was 61-5 the past two seasons in winning consecutive Class
AAAAA state championships. The Eagles began the season 7-5, but are 13-1 since.
Collins Hill's Booker and Harris have signed with South Carolina.
Redan vs. McEachern

* When/where: 4 p.m. Friday; Georgia Dome

* Records/seedings: Redan (22-7, 7-AAAAA No. 2); McEachern (26-1; 5-AAAAA No. 1)


* Key players: Redan --- C Porsha Phillips (6-1, Fr., 12.5, 8.0 rpg); F/C
Alexandria Anderson (6-0, Jr., 12.7 ppg, 8.0 ppg); G/F Taquala Cooks (5-9, Jr.,
13.1 ppg). McEachern --- G Janese Hardrick (5-6, Sr.); C Phoebe Smith (5-9,
Soph.); F Ryan Golden (5-8, Jr.).

* Notes: McEachern is trying to get past the second round for the first time in
three years. Hardrick, who has signed with Georgia, has scored more than 2,500
points in her career.
Southwest DeKalb vs. Parkview

* When/where: 7 p.m. Friday; Georgia Dome

* Records/seedings: Southwest DeKalb (25-5, 7-AAAAA No. 3); Parkview (26-3;
8-AAAAA No. 2)

* Key players: Southwest DeKalb --- F Andreika Jackson (5-8, Sr., 13.4 ppg, 11.5
rpg); G India Ali (5-5, Jr.); F Kim Brunson (5-8, Jr., 5.9 rpg). Parkview --- F
Sara Kate Greene (6-1, Jr.); G Carley Peterson (5-9, Jr.); G Sarah Spivey (5-7,
Jr.).

* Notes: Southwest's Jackson had 15 points and 13 rebounds in a first-round win
over 61-38 Etowah. Ali scored 22 and Roxie Griffin had 18.
CLASS AAAA BOYS
Chamblee vs. Mays

* When/where: 5:30 p.m. today; Northwest Georgia Trade Center, Dalton

* Records/seedings: Chamblee (16-10; 6-AAAA No. 4); Mays (21-6, 5-AAAA No. 2)

* Key players: Chamblee --- G Paul Delaney III (6-3, Jr., 22.0 ppg, 6.8 rpg);
F/C Coleman Collins (6-8, Sr., 16.6 ppg, 8.1 rpg); G Matthew Ashe (6-1, Sr., 8.6
ppg). Mays --- F Rashad Chase (6-6, Soph.); G DeAndre Bray (5-3, Soph.); F
Calvin Booker (6-3, Jr.); F Brandon Emerson (6-6, Jr.)

* Notes: With the upset by Chamblee, a No. 4 seed, over Dalton, 6-AAAA swept all
four first-round games last week. Mays' Chase is averaging 15 points and nine
rebounds a game. . . . Mays had won seven straight games before losing to South
Atlanta in the region championship game. Mays' Earlando Dunson, who plays both
guard positions, will be able to play. Dunson is a Seventh-day Adventist and
cannot play from sundown Friday until sundown Saturday.
Dunwoody vs. Cedar Shoals

* When/where: 8:30 p.m. today; Northwest Georgia Trade Center, Dalton

* Records/seedings: Dunwoody (22-6, 6-AAAA No. 1); Cedar Shoals (25-1, 8-AAAA
No. 2)

* Key players: Dunwoody --- G Dajuan Hunter (5-9, Sr., 19.1 ppg); F Anjuan
Wilderness (6-4, Fr., 17.4 ppg, 14.2 rpg); G Nick Perrymond (5-7, Sr., 13.8
ppg). Cedar Shoals --- G Ryan Cooper (6-0, Sr.); G Steven Whitehead (5-10, Sr.)

* Notes: Cooper scored 26 for Cedar Shoals last week in its victory over Stone
Mountain, including 16 of 20 from the foul line.
Marist vs. Creekside

* When/where: 8:30 p.m. Friday; Northwest Georgia Trade Center, Dalton

* Records/seedings: Marist (20-9, 6-AAAA No. 2); Creekside (18-11, Region
5-AAAA, No. 4)

* Key players: Marist --- F Rasheem Barrett (6-4, Soph., 17 ppg); G Chris Eddy
(6-1, Sr., 10.5 ppg); G Ben Pickford (6-2, Sr., 10.2 ppg). Creekside --- G
Michael Woodard (6-0, Sr.); F Jeff Trotter (6-4, Sr.); F LaMario Merriwether
(6-6, Sr.)

* Notes: Creekside started the season at No. 1 in the state. The Seminoles'
Trotter has played in the team's last six games after returning from an ankle
injury. The Seminoles reached the state finals last season.
CLASS AAAA GIRLS
Dunwoody vs. Clarke Central

* When/where: 4 p.m. Friday; Northwest Georgia Trade Center, Dalton

* Records/seedings: Dunwoody (15-10, 6-AAAA No. 3); Clarke Central (21-7, Region
8-AAAA No. 4)

* Key players: Dunwoody --- G Lindsey Smith (5-4, Jr., 10.5 ppg); G Angel Jones
(5-5, Sr., 7.4 ppg); C Aja Brantley (6-2, Sr., 5.7 rpg). Clarke Central --- G
Tomnika Gary (5-7, Sr.); F Mallory Wegmann (6-1, Sr.)

* Notes: Both teams scored upsets to advance to this round. Clarke Central
knocked off 5-AAAA champion Westlake 50-43. Dunwoody ousted 7-AAAA runner-up
East Paulding.
St. Pius vs. Mays

* When/where: 7 p.m. today; Northwest Georgia Trade Center, Dalton

* Records/seedings: St. Pius (27-2, 6-AAAA No. 1); Mays (17-10, Region 5-AAAA
No. 3)

* Key players: St. Pius --- G Maura Spall (5-6, Sr.); G/F Katie Kulavic (5-7,
Soph.); G Brittany Corbett (5-7, Sr.). Mays --- C Ramona Okonya (6-2, Sr.); G
Chloe Jones (5-8, Sr.); F Meghan Callier (5-10, Sr.)

* Notes: Should St. Pius beat Mays, it probably would face 7-AAAA champion and
top-ranked Dalton in the quarterfinals. Last year, Dalton beat St. Pius in the
quarterfinal round 59-55.
CLASS AAA BOYS
Avondale vs. Gainesville

* When/where: 5:30 p.m. today; Georgia Dome

* Records/seedings: Avondale (16-10, 5-AAA No. 2); Gainesville (17-12; 7-AAA No.
1)

* Key players: Avondale --- G Ladarious Weaver (6-0, Jr., 16.4 ppg); F Wayne
Mann (6-5, Sr.); F Bruce Arnold (6-6, Sr., 8.2 rpg). Gainesville --- G Brent
Benson (5-11, Jr., 15 ppg); F Ariean Wilmont (6-3, Sr., 10.4 ppg, 7.5 rpg); G
Brandon Sims (5-11, Sr.,17.3 ppg)

* Notes: Avondale last made it to the second round of the state tournament in
1999. Gainesville's Benson scored 32 points and set a school record with nine
3-pointers in the Red Elephants' 72-69 first-round win over LaGrange.
CLASS AAA GIRLS
Towers vs. Gainesville

* When/where: 5:30 p.m. today; Georgia Dome

* Records/seedings: Towers (18-7, 5-AAA No. 2); Gainesville (26-3; 7-AAA No. 1)

* Key players: Towers --- G/F Shannon Royes (5-6, Jr., 14.9 ppg, 5.2 rpg); G/F
Kourtney Singleton (5-9, Jr., 12.8 ppg, 9.2 rpg); C Nicole Owens (6-0, Jr., 5.0
ppg, 5.7 rpg). Gainesville --- C Tasha Humphrey (6-3, Jr.); G/F Tauris Hendrix
(5-9, Jr.); F Lauren Niles (5-10, Jr.)

* Notes: Towers won its first state tournament game in four appearances.
Gainesville was a Class AAA state semifinalist last year and the 2001 Class AAA
state champion. Humphrey, a second-team Parade All-American, scored 29 points in
the Red Elephants' 88-38 win over Cedartown.
CLASS AA BOYS
Decatur vs. Wilkinson County

* When/where: 5:30 p.m. Friday; the Forum, Rome

* Records/seedings: Decatur (23-3, 5-AA No. 1); Wilkinson County (24-4, 7-AA,
No. 2)

* Key players: Decatur --- G LaQuinn Johnson (6-2, Sr., 17.6 ppg, 9.9 rpg, 2.5
spg); G Evan Jones (6-1, Jr., 10 ppg); F Chaz Wright (6-2, Soph., 9.5 ppg)

* Notes: This game is a rematch of last year's state championship game, which
Wilkinson County won 64-45.
CLASS AA GIRLS
Paideia vs. Monticello

* When/where: 4 p.m. today; the Forum, Rome

* Records/seedings: Paideia (Paideia 22-7, 5-AA No. 2); Monticello (25-2, 7-AA
No. 1)

* Key players: Paideia --- F Sparkle Davis (5-10, Jr.); F Jemeka Brown (5-10,
Jr.); F Julie Mulinare (5-11, Jr.). Monticello --- C Traci Glawson (6-1, Jr.); G
Akeila Tripp (5-9, Sr.); G Abbie Jackson (5-9, Sr.)

* Notes: Monticello has won 10 in a row. . . . The Hurricanes are led by
Glawson, who is averaging 22 points and nine rebounds. . . . Last year,
Monticello lost only three games, but was knocked out of the first round of the
playoffs by Decatur.

TYPE: Preview

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              924 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 20, 2015 Monday

Utah: Fighting the next generation of cyberattacks

LENGTH: 598  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


The University of Utah, The state of Utah has issued the following news release:


The next generation of cyberattacks will be more sophisticated, more difficult
to detect and more capable of wreaking untold damage on the nation's computer
systems. So the U.S. Department of Defense has given a $3 million grant to a
team of computer scientists from the University of Utah and University of
California, Irvine, to develop software that can hunt down a new kind of
vulnerability that is nearly impossible to find with today's technology. The
team is tasked with creating an analyzer that can thwart so-called algorithmic
attacks that target the set of rules or calculations that a computer must follow
to solve a problem. Algorithmic attacks are so new and sophisticated that only
hackers hired by nation states are likely to have the resources necessary to
mount them, but perhaps not for long.

"The military is looking ahead at what's coming in terms of cybersecurity and it
looks like they're going to be algorithmic attacks," says Matt Might, associate
professor of computer science at the University of Utah and a co-leader on the
team. "Right now, the doors to the house are unlocked so there's no point
getting a ladder and scaling up to an unlocked window on the roof," Might says
of the current state of computer security. "But once all the doors get locked on
the ground level, attackers are going to start buying ladders. That's what this
next generation of vulnerabilities is all about." Typically, software
vulnerabilities today rely on programmers making mistakes while creating their
programs and hackers will exploit those mistakes. For example, the software will
receive a programming input crafted by a hacker and use it without automatically
validating it first. That could result in a vulnerability giving the hacker
access to the computer or causing it to leak information. Algorithmic attacks
don't need to find such conventional vulnerabilities. They can, for instance,
secretly monitor how an algorithm is running or track how much energy a computer
is using and use that information to glean secret data that the computer is
processing. Algorithmic attacks can also disable a computer by forcing it to use
too much memory or driving its central processing unit to overwork. "These
algorithmic attacks are particularly devious because they exploit weaknesses in
how resources like time and space are used in the algorithm," says Suresh
Venkatasubramanian, U associate professor of computer science and co-leader on
the team. Most hackers currently are not using algorithmic attacks because they
are costly, extremely complex, and take the most amount of time. So attackers
take the easier route of exploiting current vulnerabilities. The team will be
developing software that can perform an audit of computer programs to detect
algorithmic vulnerabilities or "hot spots" in the code. This analyzer will
perform a mathematical simulation of the software to predict what will happen in
the event of an attack. "Think of it as a spellcheck but for cybersecurity,"
Might says. The project is one of 10 funded by the Defense Advanced Research
Projects Agency in a new initiative called STAC, or Space/Time Analysis for
Cybersecurity. The University of Utah team will be comprised of 10 faculty
members, postdoctoral and graduate students. Of the $3 million DARPA grant,
which is over four years, $2 million will go to the U team and $1 million to UC
Irvine.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              925 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            September 7, 2012 Friday

Raiders defense will face fresh meat Chargers lineman

BYLINE: By Jerry McDonald jmcdonald@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking; Raiders; News; Local; Football

LENGTH: 615 words


ALAMEDA -- If Raiders defensive end Matt Shaughnessy is looking at Chargers
undrafted rookie free agent left tackle Michael Harris as fresh meat, he's doing
a good job suppressing his appetite in public.

"I mean, he looked pretty good on film," Shaughnessy said Friday. "Obviously
they're very happy with what he's doing, so he's playing."

The Raiders were able to exploit a substitute left tackle in last season's 24-17
win in San Diego. After starter Marcus McNeil went out early with a
season-ending neck injury, nickel pass rusher Kamerion Wimbley beat backup
Brandyn Dombrowski for four of the six sacks Oakland got against quarterback
Philip Rivers.

"I'm not Kam," Shaughnessy said. "We're totally different people."

In this case, Harris, 6-foot-5, 318 pounds, has been prepared to start, as Jared
Gaither has been out since early in training camp with a back injury.

"He's a very mature guy," Chargers coach Norv Turner told Bay Area reporters by
conference call. "You'd like him to be in a position where he's learning and
waiting his turn, but he's doing a good job preparing to play."

Harris was undrafted out of UCLA, a school which hasn't had an offensive lineman
selected in any round of the draft since 1999. He was nowhere to be found on the
All-Pac-12 team and had four false starts against Utah.

He's likely to get plenty of help from tight end Randy McMichael.

"Starting Monday, I have a chance to show the world who Michael Harris is, and
show the world I belong in the NFL," Harris told the Los Angeles Times.

Defensive coordinator Jason Tarver said the temptation to overload a defense to
take advantage of Harris is tempered by Turner's play-calling acumen and the
likelihood he'd exploit the opposite side.

"He's got in front of the guy he's blocked for the most part in the preseason,"
Tarver said. "We know he's out there. They know he's out there. It's a chess
match to see how much they help him, how the scheme goes around him and what
players we can match on him."

Raiders wide receiver Denarius Moore, out with a hamstring strain since Aug. 4,
is one step closer to being available for the opener. Moore looked strong and
fluid during the media availability period, and coach Dennis Allen said the
second-year receiver's work in practice was encouraging.

"He didn't take as many reps as he might normally take, but he practiced," Allen
said.

One day after sticking with short and intermediate routes, Moore extended
himself more on Friday.

"I'm giving it all I've got right now, really gaining confidence in myself,
seeing what I'm able to do, if I'm able to pick it up or not, and just letting
it go from there," Moore said.

Moore said it isn't matter of what he can do so much as how long he can do it.

"I'm able to make all the cuts," Moore said. "It's being able to do them over
and over consistently when it gets tired."

Centers Alex Parsons and Stefen Wisniewski both got in work with the first team,
and both have also had some time at guard.

"They'll both be up for the game to help us inside," offensive coordinator Greg
Knapp said.

Knapp said one would start, and the other would be a backup center and guard.

Wisniewski had his only start at center in last year's win in San Diego.

Although Allen said he won't rule out Jacoby Ford, the wide receiver missed
practice again and it is highly unlikely he will face San Diego.

The Raiders announced that Monday night's game against the Chargers has sold out
and will be televised locally on KPIX as well as ESPN. Oakland sold out all
eight of its home games last season.

For more on the Raiders, visit the Inside the Oakland Raiders blog
atibabuzz.com/oaklandraiders . Follow Jerry McDonald on Twitter
atTwitter.com/Jerrymcd .

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              926 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            September 7, 2012 Friday

Raiders defense will face fresh meat Chargers lineman

BYLINE: By Jerry McDonald jmcdonald@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Raiders; News; Football

LENGTH: 615 words


ALAMEDA -- If Raiders defensive end Matt Shaughnessy is looking at Chargers
undrafted rookie free agent left tackle Michael Harris as fresh meat, he's doing
a good job suppressing his appetite in public.

"I mean, he looked pretty good on film," Shaughnessy said Friday. "Obviously
they're very happy with what he's doing, so he's playing."

The Raiders were able to exploit a substitute left tackle in last season's 24-17
win in San Diego. After starter Marcus McNeil went out early with a
season-ending neck injury, nickel pass rusher Kamerion Wimbley beat backup
Brandyn Dombrowski for four of the six sacks Oakland got against quarterback
Philip Rivers.

"I'm not Kam," Shaughnessy said. "We're totally different people."

In this case, Harris, 6-foot-5, 318 pounds, has been prepared to start, as Jared
Gaither has been out since early in training camp with a back injury.

"He's a very mature guy," Chargers coach Norv Turner told Bay Area reporters by
conference call. "You'd like him to be in a position where he's learning and
waiting his turn, but he's doing a good job preparing to play."

Harris was undrafted out of UCLA, a school which hasn't had an offensive lineman
selected in any round of the draft since 1999. He was nowhere to be found on the
All-Pac-12 team and had four false starts against Utah.

He's likely to get plenty of help from tight end Randy McMichael.

"Starting Monday, I have a chance to show the world who Michael Harris is, and
show the world I belong in the NFL," Harris told the Los Angeles Times.

Defensive coordinator Jason Tarver said the temptation to overload a defense to
take advantage of Harris is tempered by Turner's play-calling acumen and the
likelihood he'd exploit the opposite side.

"He's got in front of the guy he's blocked for the most part in the preseason,"
Tarver said. "We know he's out there. They know he's out there. It's a chess
match to see how much they help him, how the scheme goes around him and what
players we can match on him."

Raiders wide receiver Denarius Moore, out with a hamstring strain since Aug. 4,
is one step closer to being available for the opener. Moore looked strong and
fluid during the media availability period, and coach Dennis Allen said the
second-year receiver's work in practice was encouraging.

"He didn't take as many reps as he might normally take, but he practiced," Allen
said.

One day after sticking with short and intermediate routes, Moore extended
himself more on Friday.

"I'm giving it all I've got right now, really gaining confidence in myself,
seeing what I'm able to do, if I'm able to pick it up or not, and just letting
it go from there," Moore said.

Moore said it isn't matter of what he can do so much as how long he can do it.

"I'm able to make all the cuts," Moore said. "It's being able to do them over
and over consistently when it gets tired."

Centers Alex Parsons and Stefen Wisniewski both got in work with the first team,
and both have also had some time at guard.

"They'll both be up for the game to help us inside," offensive coordinator Greg
Knapp said.

Knapp said one would start, and the other would be a backup center and guard.

Wisniewski had his only start at center in last year's win in San Diego.

Although Allen said he won't rule out Jacoby Ford, the wide receiver missed
practice again and it is highly unlikely he will face San Diego.

The Raiders announced that Monday night's game against the Chargers has sold out
and will be televised locally on KPIX as well as ESPN. Oakland sold out all
eight of its home games last season.

For more on the Raiders, visit the Inside the Oakland Raiders blog
atibabuzz.com/oaklandraiders . Follow Jerry McDonald on Twitter
atTwitter.com/Jerrymcd .

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              927 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             August 7, 1981 Friday

A writer's notebook

BYLINE: RICHARD J. NEEDHAM; GAM

LENGTH: 561 words


BY  RICHARD J. NEEDHAM
   An ideal man-woman relationship would be one in which she exploits him,
 he exploits her, and both are happy with what they get out of it. P. S.

When I read this item to C. C., she made a face. "Look in the dictionary,"  I
told her; she did and found that the primary definition of the word
exploitation is, "The process of bringing into use hitherto neglected  natural
resources." C. C. thought that was right on.

During the good weather I spend a lot of my time in Toronto's Civic
 Square, watching the world go by. (No, I don't feed the birds there; I
 feed them in grassy parks like Clarence Square, where their droppings help
 nourish the soil.) The other day, a local lady making a survey of tourists
 got chatting with me. She said the Americans are amazed at the fact they
 can roam about Toronto day and night with little chance of being slugged
 or mugged. The Europeans, she said, are not so impressed; they take public
 order for granted, and are amazed (as I am) by the willingness of
 Americans to put up with street crime, to accept it as incurable and
 inevitable. I was also told that the Americans are pleased by the
 cleanliness of Toronto streets. I snorted, "My God, let me show them the
 lower end of Spadina Avenue on a Saturday night. If Toronto's streets seem
 clean to them, what must the streets be like in Philadelphia?"
    Brian Thrippleton writes from Oakville: "The first and foremost rule of
 the school system is to control the young. If they manage also to get an
 education, that is a by-product, not a sine qua non. Schools are the first
 and biggest regulatory bodies in our society. In many ways they are
 incompatible with innovation and creativity, which depend so much on the
 ability to challenge the status quo."
    La Bruyere: "Men blush less for their crimes than for their weaknesses
 and vanity."
    I would say of the postal strike - which seems likely, as I predicted,
 to run past Labor Day - that obsolete unions and obsolete management have
 between them managed to destroy (hurrah, hurrah) an obsolete organization.
 Postmaster-General Andre Ouellet himself admits this, "I can't accept that
 businessmen have to rely on the Post Office to make a living. If they do,
 they (had) better find other ways." Charles Lapointe, Minister of State
 for Small Business, agrees, "I cannot believe they (small businessmen)
 depend essentially on the Post Office to carry on trade." I think Mr.
 Ouellet is right; Canadian business  should find better means of moving
 letters and parcels than the Post Office provides or ever will provide.

Why doesn't some trans-Canada firm, or consortium of trans-Canada firms,
 do just this? I'm thinking of outfits like Ma Bell, the Bay, Eaton's,
 Greyhound, Voyageur, CP, Loblaws - the list is endless. After all,
 Canadian businessmen have learned, have had to learn, the art of
 delivering stuff from one end of a vast country to the other; they can
 move cars and corsets and candy bars; let them move the mail. Agreed,
 that's illegal, but Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau has accepted postal
 illegality in advance; he says he won't legislate the strikers back to
 work because they would simply defy such legislation. Sauce for the goose,
 sauce for the gander!
    Phil Stone of Scarborough advises: "No woman can be married to the same
 man for 50 years. After the first 25, he's not the same man."

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              928 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           September 2, 2010 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Dads don't have to be superheroes

BYLINE: Dr. Tom Keenan, For The Calgary Herald

SECTION: REAL LIFE; Men's Health; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 790  words


Hey, dads! Don't worry if you lack superpowers or the ability to beat up
villains with ninja weapons. Relax if you don't convey a macho image or flaunt a
lot of bling.

Science has now demonstrated that today's comic book heroes are sending the
wrong message to boys, while your average caring father is probably doing
exactly the right thing.

Researchers led by Sharon Lamb of the University of Massachusetts surveyed 674
American males aged 6 to 14 at a shopping mall. Noting that boys at this age are
trying to forge their identity, she says marketers exploit them by offering only
two ideals of masculinity, both of them problematic.

Lamb says boys are given the choice of being "players" like the superheroes, or
"slackers" -- someone who saves face by not even trying. This stereotyping is
amply demonstrated in comic books and movies. Superheroes abound, and the lead
character in Scott Pilgrim vs. The World is described as "a 23-year-old Toronto
slacker."

She criticizes today's superhero who "participates in nonstop violence; he's
aggressive, sarcastic and rarely speaks to the virtue of doing good for
humanity. When not in superhero costume, these men, like Ironman, exploit women,
flaunt bling and convey their manhood with high-powered guns."

The slacker image is just as negative, since they "don't like school and they
shirk responsibility" says Lamb. "We wonder if the messages boys get about
saving face through glorified slacking could be affecting their performance in
school."

Another scientist, Carlos Santos of Arizona State University, found that boys
who were able to resist superhero machismo in the middle school years were more
emotionally stable and friendly. "If the goal is to encourage boys to experience
healthy family relationships as well as healthy friendships," he told the
American Psychological Association, "fathers (should) share with their sons on
the importance of experiencing multiple and fulfilling relationships in their
lives."

Psychology professor Melanie Mallers of California State University-Fullerton
found that sons who have fond childhood memories of their fathers are more
likely to be emotionally stable and resistant to stress.

She interviewed adult men and women and found that males who reported a good
relationship with their fathers were likely to be less emotional when reacting
to stress. This was not found to be as common for women.

Of course, mothers also play a vital role in shaping childhood memories and, in
this study, there were "more men reporting a better mother-child relationship
than women," according to Mallers. People of both sexes reported less
psychological distress if they got on well with their mothers. But the
father-son bond was particularly important.

Mallers interviewed people aged 25 to 74, so they came from several different
eras of fatherhood.

"The role of fathers has changed dramatically from the time the oldest
participants were children," she says. "We do know that fathers have a unique
style of interacting with their children, especially their sons. We need more
research to help us uncover further influences of both mothers and fathers on
the enduring emotional experiences of their children."

How does a dad raise the odds that junior will look back on him fondly?

Just reminding your son "you're having a happy childhood" certainly won't do the
trick. It seems a bit calculating to try to orchestrate joyful experiences for
your child, especially when he'd rather be hanging out with friends.

There is a happy medium, which is to find something exciting and unusual to do
together. My son and I used to plan a trip around the end of each summer. Once
we went far enough into the country that a 10-year-old could safely, if not
legally, drive the car. Another involved going to an Inuit village where, due to
a plane misconnection, he arrived a full day before me. The experience of being
far from home, unexpectedly without parents, was probably a high point of that
trip. And of course there were backcountry adventures, sometimes over rather
sketchy terrain.

If there's a theme to these experiences it was pushing the envelope of what a
boy of that age is allowed to do in normal, everyday life. It culminated in a
six-month father-son adventure in Thailand while I was teaching at the Asian
Institute of Technology. There, 12-year-old Jordan had his own agenda and
favourite places to get lunch. He wound up teaching English at the local school.
Of course there were (armed) guards for protection, but the feeling of freedom
he had during that time definitely formed the man he is today.

So, dad, you don't have to fly, wear a cape or slay villains; just share some of
what you love with your son, and the rest will probably take care of itself.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Herald Archive, Seattle Times; Sons of caring  dads are found to
have fond childhood memories and are more likely  to be emotionally stable as
adults.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2010 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              929 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                            April 27, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

ANIMAL INSTINCTS - MORE INCREDIBLE JOURNEYS LASSIE'S exploits were fictional but
tales over 2,500 miles from Indiana to Oregon in helicopter deep into the war
zone in South 1,200 miles. Howie had been staying with

SECTION: NEWS; TEASERS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 376 words


LASSIE'S exploits were fictional but tales of remarkable animal journeys abound.

During the First World War, an Irish terrier named Prince went searching for his
owner, Private James Brown of the North Staffordshire Regiment. Prince is said
to have become so depressed when his owner was shipped to France that he stopped
eating. Finally he ran away from home and somehow managed to cross the Channel.
In France he started searching for his owner among the battlefields, eventually
finding him in a trench.

Another sheepdog, two-year-old Bobbie, is said to have made a journey of over
2,500 miles from Indiana to Oregon in 1924 after becoming separated from his
owners on a road trip. Bobbie, who arrived home six months later, showed signs
of having walked the entire way crossing plains, desert and mountains en route.
The dog became a celebrity, playing himself in the film Call Of The West.

The 1963 Disney film The Incredible Journey, which tells how two dogs and a cat
find their way home after being lost in the Canadian wilderness, is said to have
been based on a true story.

Troubles, a scout dog, and his handler William Richardson were taken via
helicopter deep into the war zone in South Vietnam in the late 1960s. When
Richardson was wounded by enemy fire and taken to a hospital, Troubles was
abandoned by the rest of the unit. Three weeks later, Troubles showed up at his
home at the First Air Cavalry Division HQ in An Khe, South Vietnam. The loyal
dog searched the tents and eventually curled up for a nap after he found a pile
of Richardson's clothes to use for a bed.

In 1978 a three-year-old Persian cat called Howie walked home from the Gold
Coast in Queensland, Australia, all the way to Adelaide - a distance of 1,200
miles. Howie had been staying with friends of his owners while they were
travelling abroad.

More recently, three-year-old black labrador Bucky astonished his owner Mark
Vessels by travelling 500 miles from Winchester, Virginia, to Myrtle Beach,
South Carolina, where Mark had moved for work in 2012. Bucky had been left
temporarily with his owner's father six months earlier.

Last year it was claimed a dog injured in a hit-and-run accident in Russia
walked nearly 200 miles to find the woman who had nursed him back to health.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2016 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              930 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                             June 26, 2010 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

McDonald's exploits kids with toys, says group

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 216  words


McDonald's use of Happy Meal toys to lure children is creepy, predatory, and
must stop, according to a U.S. consumer group that has threatened to sue if the
world's biggest hamburger chain does not comply within 30 days.

"Tempting kids with toys is unfair and deceptive, both to kids who don't
understand the concept of advertising, and to their parents, who have to put up
with their nagging children," said Michael Jacobson, executive director of the
Center for Science in the Public Interest.

The Cener for Science in the Public Interest, which previously took on fast-food
chain KFC over artery-clogging trans fats, alleged the practice of luring
children with toys is illegal under consumer protection laws in states including
California, Texas, New Jersey and Massachusetts.

"It's a creepy and predatory practice that warrants an injunction," Stephen
Gardner, CSPI's litigation director, said in a statement.

McDonald's called the group's charges a "misrepresentation" of its effort to
sell healthier food and safe toys.

"Getting a toy is just one part of a fun, family experience at McDonald's,"
spokesman William Whitman said in a statement.

In 2007, McDonald's and other large U.S. food and drink companies pledged to
adopt stricter controls on advertising aimed at children under the age of 12.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: A consumer group says McDonald's Happy Meal toys exploit children.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              931 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                              May 21, 2007 Monday

Pilot crossed the us at a record speed

SECTION: Pg. 33

LENGTH: 553 words


A distinguished pilot who made a string of firsts as a pioneering pilot in the
1930s has died, aged 93.

Robert Buck made history by crossing the American continent at record speed.

He also flew a light aircraft higher than anyone had done before and was the
first to photograph the famous ancient ruins of the Yucatan in Mexico from the
air.

He did all of this by the time he was 20 years old.

Buck was known throughout the States as "The Schoolboy Pilot" and his reputation
reached international shores.

His every exploit, including the fact he carried a Bible and a package of
sandwiches made by his mother on every flight, were pored over in detail by the
Press.

Such was his passion for flight, he continued to fly aircraft into his later
years, and flew gliders well into his late eighties.

A retired chief pilot, Buck was also a respected aviation writer. He was a
particular authority on the weather, and the bumpy place where it meets
aviation.

During the Second World War, he performed research on hazardous weather of all
kinds by flying into it and recording what he saw, heard and felt.

His book, Weather Flying,  published in 1970 and now in its fourth edition, is
considered required reading for pilots.

Buck's other books include a memoir, North Star Over My Shoulder, published  in
2002.

Buck was known as a flying prodigy, going aloft in one-seaters, dressed in
leather helmet and goggles, without so much as a radio to contact any ground
crew.

He steered by the stars and his only contact with those back on the ground was a
telephone call to his parents when he landed.

In April 1930, at 16, Buck became the youngest licensed pilot in the United
States. Later that year, flying from Newark to Los Angeles, he broke the junior
transcontinental airspeed record. On the return trip, just for sport, he broke
it again.

At 17, he wrote a book about it, Burning Up The Sky.

By the time he was 18, Buck had set 14 junior aviation records. These included
the junior altitude record for light planes, which he broke in July 1930 by
ascending to 15,000 feet.

In 1936, Buck, flying with a cousin, set a world distance record for light
planes, flying nonstop from Burbank, California, to Columbus, Ohio - 1,986 miles
- in a Lambert Monocoupe.

Robert Nietzel Buck was born on January 29, 1914, in Elizabethport, New Jersey.
His first forays into flight came after he and a friend built a glider, aged 15,
after reading the exploits of the flying pioneer Charles Lindbergh.

Buck took to the skies in the makeshift aircraft before crashing from an
altitude of 50 feet.

He began lessons in a real plane on his 16th birthday, after his parents made
certain that the nearby airport had no looming telegraph wires nearby.

Buck's other speed records included a round trip to Havana, which he made in 13
hours, 5 minutes, in 1931.

On arriving, he was greeted by adoring crowds and presented with a 12-inch
cigar, which he later gave, as instructed, to President Herbert Hoover.

In late 1933 and early 1934, on assignment to a university, Buck and a friend,
Robert Nixon, 19, spent three months roaming the Mexican jungle by air,
photographing lost Mayan cities of the Yucatan. They were the youngest aerial
explorers ever.

Buck is survived by his son, a daughter, eight grandchildren, and four
great-grandchildren. Buck's wife Jean died in 2004.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved

                              932 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 29, 2016 Friday

OPINION: White actor playing Michael Jackson exploits his self-hate

BYLINE: Anthony L Hall, Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 903 words


Jan. 29--September 2001 was allegedly witness to one of the strangest road trips
in history: Michael Jackson, Elizabeth Taylor, and Marlon Brando driving from
New York to Ohio in an attempt to get home [to California] following the 9/11
terrorist attacks...

The saga is now being dramatised in a one-off special for Sky Arts, starring
Joseph Fiennes as Jackson, Stockard Channing as Taylor, and Brian Cox as Brando.

(London Guardian, January 26, 2016)

Unsurprisingly, this casting of a white actor to play Michael Jackson has
incited viral outrage. Never mind that Michael would probably have been every
bit as flattered by a white actor playing him as Rachel Dolezal would be by a
black actress playing her.

Of course, the outrage her "passing" incited has already been lost in the black
hole of hashtag protests. No doubt the outrage this casting incited will be in
short order too.

But at least Rachel is honest enough to admit she's doing all she can to look
black because she does not want to be identified as white. By contrast, Michael
maintained the charade of saying, I'm black and I'm proud.

Except that he never looked more dishonest, if not delusional, than when he said
this during that famous 1993 interview with Oprah Winfrey.

As it happens, Oprah questioned him about reports that he wanted a white child
to play his younger self in a Pepsi commercial. Michael protested that the very
thought of this was "stupid ... ridiculous ... horrifying ... crazy."

He protested too much, methinks. Not least because those words unwittingly
described the racial metamorphosis Michael was undergoing at the time, which
would soon see him get "whiter than white" and even produce white children to
play his own ... in real life.

The most manifestly troubling aspect of Michael's personal life was his role as
a father. In addition to many other Freudian questions, I wonder about the
psychological impact on his three lily-white children of having this black man
(notwithstanding his appearance) insist that he is their biological father.

Just imagine the psychological defect (self-hate?) or physical dysfunction that
led Michael to choose the sperm of a white man, instead of using his own (or
that of a black man), to inseminate the (white) surrogates who gave birth to his
designer babies.

("Michael Jackson, the King of Pop, Is Dead," The iPINIONS Journal, June 27,
2009)

Frankly, it was as plain as the nose on his face that Michael hated features
that made him look black. Perhaps that's why his fake nose kept falling off
every time he lied about this.

In any event, the racial self-hate he personified evoked in me sadness bordering
on pity, so much so that I still find it impossible to listen to his music with
unbridled joy.

Sociologists have proffered the notion of "complex personhood" to explain the
psychopathology of blacks bleaching themselves white. But, no matter how nuanced
or complicated the psychology that causes this pathology, there's no denying the
racial abnegation involved.

No great poet has ever been afraid of being himself...

But this is the mountain standing in the way of any true Negro art in America --
this urge within the race toward whiteness, the desire to pour racial
individuality into the mold of American standardization, and to be as little
Negro and as much American [i.e. white] as possible...

I am ashamed ... for the colored artist who runs from the painting of Negro
faces ... because he fears the strange unwhiteness of his own features.

(Langston Hughes, "The Negro Artist and the Racial Mountain," 1926)

Mind you, given that Michael cast a white man to father his children, one can
hardly blame producers for casting a white man to play him. They clearly hope
the casting's the thing wherein they'll catch viewers for this macabre farce.

Incidentally, it bears pointing out that September 2001 was allegedly witness to
an even stranger trip: the FBI helping 14 Saudis flee from Kentucky to Saudi
Arabia following the 9/11 terrorist attacks. This, I respectfully submit, is far
more worthy of dramatization.

Meanwhile, MLK famously preached that people should "not be judged by the color
of their skin, but by the content of their character." Michael famously sang
that "it don't matter if you're black or white."

But it clearly mattered to him. What's more, he practically compelled us to
judge him not by the content of his character, but by the color of his
(bleached) skin.

Not to mention that "if you're black or white" has always mattered. And we did
not need #BlackLivesMatter or #OscarsSoWhite to throw this into stark relief.

That said, it's not the artistic license producers are taking that troubles me.
After all, if a black man can play Thomas Jefferson in the hit Broadway musical
Hamilton, surely a white man can play Michael Jackson in a TV tragicomedy.

Except that Jefferson had no psychological defect that made him want to be
black, notwithstanding his sexual penchant for black female slaves. Therefore,
the producers of that musical cannot be accused of wantonly exploiting the
psychopathology of racial self-hate. The same cannot be said of the producers of
this farce.

Related commentaries:

Rachel Dolezal...

MJ: the kid's not my son...

OscarSoWhite...

BlackLivesMatter...

___ (c)2016 the Caribbean News Now (Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands) Visit the
Caribbean News Now (Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands) at www.caribbeannewsnow.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160129-1CN-OPINION-White-actor-playing-Michael-Jackson-exploits
-his-self-hate-0129-20160129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CN


        Copyright 2016 Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

                              933 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: Victoria Wallace Sentenced to 216 Months in Prison for Child Sex
Trafficking

LENGTH: 444  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Victoria Wallace, a/k/a "Prune the Goon," 20, of Memphis, Tennessee, was
sentenced Friday to 216 months in federal prison for her role in a child sex
trafficking conspiracy, announced U.S. Attorney Edward L. Stanton, III.

At the sentencing hearing, Senior U.S. District Judge Jon Phipps McCalla heard
testimony that Wallace was a high-ranking member of the Piru Street gang who
used force and threats of force to control her victims. One of her juvenile
victims testified that she saw Wallace drag a woman by her hair while beating
her. That juvenile also identified threatening text messages that Wallace sent
her during the investigation of the case.

The juvenile explained that Wallace drove her and three other minors to New
Orleans for the purpose of having them prostitute. Wallace also put minors to
work in prostitution in Memphis, according to the juvenile. The juvenile
testified that Wallace kept the money her victims made and threatened them if
they refused to work.

Wallace pled guilty on January 2, 2013, to a child sex trafficking conspiracy
charge. There is no possibility of parole in the federal system.

"Wallace's sentence of 18 years in federal prison should send an unequivocal
message: if you sexually exploit a child for profit, you will be held
accountable," said United States Attorney Stanton. "Working with our law
enforcement partners, we will remain relentless in doing whatever it takes to
protect our most vulnerable citizens--our children--from those who engage in sex
trafficking."

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, working in
conjunction with the Memphis Police Department. It was prosecuted by Assistant
United States Attorney Jonathan Skrmetti and Trial Attorney Keith Becker from
the U.S. Department of Justice Criminal Division's Child Exploitation and
Obscenity Section.

This case was brought as part of Project Safe Childhood (PSC), a nationwide
initiative of the Department of Justice to combat the growing epidemic of child
sexual exploitation and abuse. Led by the United States Attorneys' Offices and
the Criminal Division's Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section, PSC marshals
federal, state, and local resources to locate, apprehend, and prosecute
individuals who sexually exploit children and to identify and rescue victims.
For more information about PSC, please visit http://www.justice.gov/psc/ For
more information about Internet safety education, please visit
http://www.justice.gov/psc/resources.html and click on the tab "Resources."

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              934 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            October 2, 2010 Saturday
                                 FINAL Edition

LONGHORNS VS. SOONERS FIVE QUESTIONS

BYLINE: Randy Riggs AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS EXTRA; Pg. D04

LENGTH: 332 words


* Five things to look for today. We'll answer them on Sunday:

1. CAN TEXAS HOLD DEMARCO MURRAY BELOW HIS AVERAGE?

Murray, Oklahoma's explosive running back, ranks fifth in the Big 12 with an
average of 109 rushing yards a game. As a freshman, he burned Texas for 128
yards, but has fared much worse the past two years - 6 yards on 7 carries in
2008, and minus-3 yards on 5 carries last year, when the Longhorns held the
Sooners to minus-16 rushing yards on 22 carries as a team.

2. CAN TEXAS' RUNNING GAME EXPLOIT OU'S RUN DEFENSE?

The next defense that Texas' rushing attack exploits will be the first this
season, but the Sooners do rank 10th in the Big 12, allowing an average of 117.5
rushing yards a game. Texas is ninth in the Big 12 in rushing (135.5), but the
Sooners have proven vulnerable against the run this season.

3. CAN TEXAS AVOID MORE THAN TWO TURNOVERS?

The Longhorns' 10 turnovers are tied with Nebraska for the most in the Big 12,
but three of those have come on uncharacteristic special teams miscues.
Nevertheless, head coach Mack Brown says Texas must eliminate - or at least
drastically limit - the giveaways. In Texas wins over OU in 2005, 2006 and 2008,
it had just a single turnover, while the Sooners had nine.

4. WILL THE LONGHORNS SACK LANDRY JONES THREE TIMES?

Texas' 14 sacks lead the Big 12, and the average loss of yards has been nine.
Defensive end Eddie Jones leads the team with four sacks, while Sam Acho has
three. And it's been only a year since Aaron Williams produced one of the most
historic sacks of the Red River Rivalry series, ending Sam Bradford's season.

5. WILL RYAN BROYLES HAVE ANOTHER 100-YARD GAME?

Oklahoma's explosive junior receiver has been held fairly in check in his last
two games against Texas, with seven total catches for 94 yards.

But he has still gotten a touchdown catch in both games. Broyles has recorded
seven straight games of 100 or more yards, dating back to last year, and he'll
be the Texas secondary's toughest matchup test yet.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved

                              935 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            December 20, 2015 Sunday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Fired Sanders staffer with Phila. ties not a cheat, associates say

BYLINE: By Maria Panaritis; Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; P-com News Politics; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 933 words


Joshua Uretsky, the Philadelphia man fired as data chief for presidential
candidate Bernie Sanders after a controversial data breach involving Hillary
Clinton's campaign, is an idealist and a progressive but not someone who would
do something untoward to gain electoral advantage, friends and associates said
Saturday.

They defended the 39-year-old Fishtown man against allegations that Uretsky and
other Sanders staffers had tampered with the front-runner's confidential voter
data Thursday after a security firewall temporarily vanished on the shared
system the party and its candidates use to store voter data.

The allegation Friday was swiftly followed by the Sanders campaign suing the
Democratic Party in federal court and also claiming no Clinton data had been
misused.

The candidates seemed to put the issue to rest at a televised debate Saturday
night where Sanders apologized to Clinton and his own supporters for the data
breach, and said he would fire staffers if it happened again.

"This is not the type of campaign that we run," Sanders said in the opening
moments of the third Democratic debate.

Clinton quickly accepted the apology from the independent senator from Vermont
who is her closest rival in the Democratic race.

"We should move on because I don't think the American people are interested in
this," she said.

As the bombast eased, Uretsky's handling of the breach, which the Sanders
campaign said was caused by a vendor who administers the DNC system, remained a
focus of scrutiny.

"He is not a schemer," said Adam Bonin, a Philadelphia election-law attorney and
friend of Uretsky. "It's just impossible for me to imagine that he would be
looking at this situation and say, 'Let's figure out how to exploit it for the
campaign.'"

Reached Saturday at the rowhouse where he lives near Northern Liberties, Uretsky
declined comment. Bonin said his friend was overwhelmed by the attention after
initially offering explanatory interviews to national news outlets.

The Democratic National Committee on Saturday lifted its ban on Sanders from
accessing its voter data.

The Sanders lawsuit had alleged the DNC ban was unwarranted, would badly hurt
Sanders' fund-raising, and was evidence that the DNC was tilted to favor
Clinton.

Tad Devine, senior adviser to the Sanders campaign, dismissed any notion that
data had been tampered with or that the campaign had set out to exploit the
accident.

Devine said Uretsky had mishandled things by not immediately reporting to top
staffers that a system problem had caused Clinton voter information to appear in
Sanders' computers Thursday. That's why he was fired that day, before it became
public, he said.

Uretsky's lack of experience on major campaigns - his highest previous post was
crunching data for a progressive coalition of labor unions and other groups in
Pennsylvania - "certainly could contribute to this," Devine said.

Devine said Uretsky and three data team members spent around a half hour poking
around in the system after realizing a data breach had occurred.

They probed in an effort to determine if their data, also, had been rendered
vulnerable, Devine said.

"I believe that I took appropriate steps to audit and assess the security breach
and that nothing I did was done in a way that it would give the Sanders campaign
a competitive advantage," Uretsky told The Associated Press.

The real problem, from the Sanders camp's perspective, was that Uretsky did not
immediately tell a supervisor, Devine said. An elections veteran working on a
different Sanders data crunch in October also detected a data breach but
immediately reported that to top officials, Devine said.

After being fired, Uretsky suddenly found himself in the spotlight.

"It's just such an unusual position to be in, to go from your job one day, to
all of a sudden you've got national reporters calling, trying to get you to go
on TV," said his friend, Bonin.

Uretsky's friends in progressive Philadelphia circles doubt he would behave
unscrupulously.

"He's dedicated his life to trying to implement things that he believes in,"
said Dan Fee, a longtime political consultant who runs The Echo Group in
Philadelphia.

Fee got to know Uretsky when Fee was managing the successful 2009 campaign for
Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams, a Democrat. Uretsky was a field
worker in that race, Fee said.

He called Uretsky a man of "integrity."

He was not alone in saying that.

"I have trusted Josh with data for a long time," said Kati Sipp, director of
Pennsylvania Working Families, an independent political organization that
champions progressive causes.

Sipp said she worked with Uretsky on voter targeting efforts on various races
over the past six years, including while Uretsky was on staff at America Votes
Pennsylvania. One such campaign included the successful primary bid earlier this
year by Philadelphia Mayor-Elect Jim Kenney.

America Votes is an umbrella group that does work on behalf of collective labor
union members and other like-minded Democratic groups. Uretsky was Pennsylvania
data and targeting manager for America Votes from November 2011 until September,
when he left to join Sanders, according to his LinkedIn profile.

Before that, from Aug. 2007 to Nov. 2008, he was cochair of Philadelphia for
Obama, a grassroots group that formed separate from the Obama campaign apparatus
to help elect the nation's first African American president.

The DNC said it would continue to investigate to ensure the Sanders campaign no
longer had Clinton voter data in its possession.

mpanaritis@phillynews.com

215-854-2431

@Panaritism


LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Facebook

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              936 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                             June 3, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Warriors are deep, but Cavs have LeBron; NBA Finals: King James to face tag team
of Golden State players, who will aim to slow down Cleveland star

BYLINE: Ryan Wolstat, Toronto Sun

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. A51

LENGTH: 540 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


The Warriors and Cavaliers are known mostly for their scoring exploits.
Cleveland leads all playoff teams in offensive efficiency, the Warriors slot in
just behind but as the old mantra goes, defence wins championships.

With the NBA Finals finally getting set to tip off after a seemingly neverending
wait, the big question then is which team can find an answer to the other's top
dog.

While there will be many storylines in the coming weeks, this series should turn
on the performances of LeBron James and Stephen Curry, who have five MVP awards
between them - four by James.

So how might the Warriors, who were tops in regular season defence, slow down
James?

They will do it by throwing different looks at him. Draymond Green was the
defensive player of the year runner-up and brings size, strength and tenacity to
the table. He will body James and try to get under his skin, something that
probably won't work regardless of how irritating Green can be to opponents.

Harrison Barnes, who can match up athletically but not bulk-wise, might start on
him and Andre Iguodala, long one of the league's absolute lockdown players,
probably will try his luck as well, though he will also be at a size
disadvantage.

There will be others, possibly including Klay Thompson, though the Warriors
might need his offence too much (as well as his work on Kyrie Irving) to try
that matchup.

Golden State head coach Steve Kerr has gone unconventional in the past and will
try every trick at his disposal in order to try to keep James out of the paint,
where he dominates.

James has not shot the ball well from further out, so the idea will be to force
him as far away from the basket as possible. If he regains his form, as he did
when he scored a seasonbest 42 points against the Warriors in the regular season
or as he did in Miami's title-winning clashes with Oklahoma City and San
Antonio, the Warriors will be in trouble, but the best chance to contain him is
to make him search for his inconsistent jump shot.

The Cavs won't have it easy either. They will be facing a player in Curry who
has proven unstoppable throughout these playoffs. Curry can break down any
defender and can hit from anywhere on the floor. He also has far more offensive
help than James does, considering Kevin Love won't play and Kyrie Irving is not
in top form.

Thompson has been a model of consistency for the Warriors, playing as well in
the post-season as he did in the regular season. Green can step outside and
score, Barnes has heated up and the bench is far better than Cleveland's.

James probably will have to expend energy at times trying to slow Curry or
Thompson, as well as banging with Green.

David Blatt will try to hide Irving, a notoriously poor defender, perhaps
putting him on the bigger Barnes. While that's better than making Irving chase
thin air if he tries to stay with Curry, it is far from ideal. If Matthew
Dellavedova is brought in for defensive purposes to try to guard Curry,
Cleveland's offence will slip considerably.

Timofey Mozgov and Tristan Thompson will discourage forays to the rim, but they
must avoid foul trouble because the reserve Cavs are foul machines.

It all gets rolling on Thursday. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Files; Cleveland coach David Blatt, right, and LeBron
James will need to find an answer to defending the Warriors' Stephen Curry while
creating room for James to score.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Province
                              All Rights Reserved

                              937 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            October 20, 2013 Sunday

Jim Tunney: West Coast Bowl exploits young athletes West Coast Bowl exploits
youth

BYLINE: Jim Tunney Tunney side of sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Columnists

LENGTH: 364 words


Yesterday, October 20, 2013 may have been a benchmark day. However, that
touchstone may be in the wrong direction.

At 8 a.m., a two-hour live event took place at South Bay (California) BMW the
title sponsor of this event/game.

The game?

Yes, the "West Coast Bowl" is scheduled to be played on January 26, 2014 at
Redondo (California) Union High School Stadium. So, the questions are: why and
for whom? Is it BMW who will profit? Is it for the glorification of high school
players, most of whom are 16-18 years of age? Is to eulogize two high school
coaches who will draft these players? It seems here that perhaps this event
places young athletes into the center of public interest too soon.

The West Coast Bowl draft worked like this: Two west coast coaches actually
drafted players from a pool of 200 nominated high school football players. The
two coaches are David Dunn, recent San Diego CIF coach of the year and head
coach of Lincoln High School, and Manuel Douglass, head coach of four-time CIF
Los Angeles City Section champion Narbonne High.

The draft process was touted in the announcement as similar to an NFL
draft-"full of excitement and competitiveness."

There have been all-star games for many years; yet, this drafting of players is
a first. Coach Dunn said, "Being able to actually draft my own players is so
exciting. I'd much rather hand-pick my team versus being given a roster to work
with." The concern here is are we exploiting young athletes with too much/too
soon? Is this a good idea?

All league and all-star games have been in existence since they pumped up the
football not always benefiting the players. Having coached high sports and being
fortunate to have good players, post-season playoffs were the icing on the cake.
This may be taking "icing" too far.

High school football season ends in late November. Then, some two months later
January 26th, selected players from all over the CIF Southern Section will have
to "lace-'em-up" again. Even with sufficient practice time, will it benefit the
players?

Will you log-in your thoughts about the idea of drafting players for this West
Coast Bowl?

To contact Jim go towww.jimtunney.com or email him atjim@jimtunney.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jim Tunney

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              938 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 15, 2016 Friday

FBI agent discusses cybercrime at Tech Conference

BYLINE: John Bush, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 458 words


April 15--LIMA -- An agent with the FBI capped off the Lima Regional Information
Technology Alliance Tech Conference on Thursday with a presentation on how and
why businesses are targeted for cybercrime.

Scott Halbur, a special agent with the FBI Cleveland Division, discussed three
forms of cybercrime: counterterrorism-related intrusions,
counterintelligence-related intrusions and criminal intrusions.

In all cases, criminals use several types of cybercrime to access and exploit
information from businesses and private individuals. One of their methods is
called "spear phishing," which is an email that appears to be from an individual
or business one is familiar with. However, it's from the same criminal hackers
who want credit card and bank account numbers, passwords and financial
information found on computers.

The use of malware -- hostile and intrusive software that includes computer
viruses and other malicious programs -- is also used. By clicking links in
emails, for example, hackers can install this malicious software to steal
personal information, Halbur said.

Hackers can also gain access to personal information if it can be found on your
computer, or if someone has given away enough private details about themselves
online. In either case, criminals can use this information to steal money or
intellectual property from a business or individual.

Halbur said even if you think you don't have anything on your computer that
hackers could use, documents such as employee lists could be beneficial to
criminals seeking to exploit personal information.

"Unfortunately, this is occurring more than you think," Halbur said, adding that
every local business represented at the conference has likely been monitored by
hackers at some point.

To help avoid being hacked, Halbur recommends hiring "great security people,"
understanding where your data is, when it's being accessed and by whom, and
educating employees on security risks. Halbur said even something as seemingly
innocuous as listing your birthday on your Facebook page could lead to
cybercrime.

Halbur also recommended that businesses utilize Infragard, a partnership between
the FBI and the private sector that is dedicated to sharing information and
intelligence to prevent hostile acts against the U.S.

He said the benefits of Infragard include easy access to the FBI, prompt
dissemination of threat warnings, education and information on infrastructure
vulnerabilities, and free or discount training on cybercrime. Interested
businesses can sign up for the free service at infragard.org.

Reach John Bush at 567-242-0456 or on Twitter @bush_lima

___ (c)2016 The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) Visit The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) at
www.limaohio.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160415-LM-FBI-agent-discusses-cybercrime-at-Tech-Conference-0415-20160415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2016 The Lima News

                              939 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Manchester Evening News

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

New deal will make Kun City's highest-paid player

BYLINE: Stuart Brennan

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 291 words


SERGIO Aguero is poised to commit his future to City with a new contract
extension.

The Argentina ace is understood to have agreed a new deal with the Blues which
will see his current one - which runs until 2019 - extended by at least a year.

City have been talking to Aguero's representatives in a bid to tie him down for
the best of the rest of his career - and Kun has reacted positively.

He has said in the past he wants to finish his playing days at his first club
Independiente, but has always expressed his happiness in Manchester.

A new deal would take him to the age of at least 32, and City see him as a key
man, both for the team on the field and for the development of the club off it.
Aguero is undoubtedly the City poster boy, perhaps the only player they have who
is instantly recognisable to football fans around the world.

Perhaps only Yaya Toure comes close in terms of the recognisability of his face
and name.

Kun has now bagged an astonishing 124 goals in 188 appearances for the Blues -
another five and he will break into City's all-time top 10 scorers.

If he can stay fit for the next four years, he will have his sights set on the
club record of 178 goals set by 1930s hero Eric Brook - and it took Brook 13
seasons.

His exploits on the field have already made him a legend, even setting aside the
iconic 94th-minute title-winning goal against QPR.

But those exploits have also made Kun into a worldwide star - when City market
themselves abroad, Aguero always features strongly in any promotional material.

The big new tie-in with China, which will be properly launched by a tour to the
Far East this summer, will be no exception. The new deal is expected to make
Aguero City's highest-paid player, ahead of £240,000-a-week Toure.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEN


                     Copyright 2016 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              940 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

PROPOSALS FROM VYING HOSPITALS DIFFER;
SIZE, FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS INCLUDED IN PLANS FOR COLUMBIA COUNTY

BYLINE:  Tom Corwin  Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 894 words


Projections from Georgia Regents Health System and University Hospital show very
different pictures of how each would fare financially if chosen to join with
Columbia County to build a hospital.

The two hospitals are among three in Augusta to submit plans to the Columbia
County Commission that will be taken up at its meeting Tuesday. The county is
hoping to choose a partner to work with it on submitting the required
certificate of need to build at least a 100-bed hospital in the county,
Georgia's largest without one.

Neighboring Augusta is licensed for more than 1,600 hospital beds, a little more
than half of which are filled on average, so the county hopes to exploit one of
three loopholes to the need standard it would ordinarily have to meet.

One is if the facility is the sole community provider and the county puts up 20
percent of the cost.

Two Georgia hospitals have previously used that exception to get more beds that
went beyond what the state calculated to be the number needed. That is the
exception University would apply under.

The other two loopholes are if the facility is part of an existing trauma center
or an existing teaching hospital. Those are the exceptions Georgia Regents might
exploit, without cost to the county.

Doctors Hospital also hopes to use the trauma exception in its plan if it
receives a designation as a trauma center this summer. Doctors did not provide
financial projections for its proposed hospital after repeated requests from The
Augusta Chronicle.

University's proposed $144

million hospital would require more than $28 million from the county as its
financial match, but the hospital has offered to forgo its nonprofit exemption
and make, up front, 30 years' worth of tax payments to the county that would
cover that amount, CEO Jim Davis said.

"That pretty much levels the playing field as far as the cost to the county," he
said.

The size and financial performance of Georgia Regents' and University's projects
are strikingly different.

Georgia Regents is proposing a 144-bed hospital that would have an average daily
census of 72 patients in its first year and $86.4 million in net patient
revenue, rising to 122 patients and $149.9 million in year five. It would employ
719 people initially, increasing to 1,081 by year five.

"I think we're proposing more of a full-service (hospital)," said Greg Damron,
the chief financial officer for Georgia Regents Medical Center. In fact, the
philosophy would be to increase less complex, less intensive procedures at the
new facility and free the downtown hospital for bigger cases, he said.

"There are patients here, even Richmond County patients, that we would try to
encourage to go to that facility just because it would be a better experience
and we could do it more efficiently in that kind of setting," Damron said.

The health system projects borrowing more than $126 million to finance the $245
million facility and would annually pay more than $23 million in depreciation,
amortization and interest. The new hospital would lose $16 million in operating
income in its first year and would not become "net positive" until year six,
Damron said.

University, on the other hand, projects a positive income from the beginning,
which it shows as 2017. Even its 100-bed facility, however, might be larger than
needed based on estimates from consultants who factored in Columbia County's
having 150,000 people by then, Davis said.

"You need probably a 55-bed hospital to service the whole county" based on those
estimates, he said. "I don't know what GRU is using to justify 144 beds. We're
trying to be more conservative."

Part of its projected success - it would have a 6.4 percent return of $5.8
million by year five - is a much lower overhead because many office functions
would actually be done downtown instead of at the new facility, Davis said.

University's new hospital would employ about half of what Georgia Regents
projected, about 350 in the first year and rising to 600 by year five, with
patient census rising from 40 to 80 a day over that period.

"Maybe we just have a different operating philosophy," Davis said, projecting
more general surgery and orthopedic cases at the new hospital and more complex
cases still downtown.

There were 10,057 hospital admissions from Columbia County in 2012, according to
data that Doctors submitted in its initial proposal, with most going to Doctors,
University and Georgia Regents, in that order.

University's consultants projected that the number of admissions will rise to
13,000 by 2017, said Dave Belkoski, the senior vice president and chief
financial officer for University. A new hospital will capture a chunk of that
current and new population, officials said,

"If we had the facility out there as a system, we would expect to see market
share move our way," Damron said, with more simpler cases than it is currently
getting.

University said about 80 percent of its cases would be people it would have seen
at its main hospital and 20 percent would come from people who would have gone
to other facilities, Belkoski said.

"We weren't aggressive out there to say we were going to hurt Doctors or GRU and
what they are already getting," he said. "We think this is going to have a
bigger impact on our downtown facility than it does to the other two
facilities."

Reach Tom Corwin at (706) 823-3213

or tom.corwin@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2014 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              941 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                      July 8, 2002 Monday Ontario Edition

All-Star Game needs a change

BYLINE: Garth Woolsey, Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D07

LENGTH: 702 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Time right for United States vs. the World format

Ted Williams may or may not spin in his grave - or his urn, or his deep freeze,
as the case might be - at the very concept, but the time is rapidly approaching
for Major League Baseball to go the way of the NHL.

That is, to move ahead and use a North America versus the World format in its
All-Star Game.

Not that these mid-season, um, contests, have any real competitive value,
although the baseball game still produces more legitimate efforts and results
than, say, the hockey, NBA or NFL versions. But hockey, especially, is in step
with the times when it embraces and exploits its international demographic.

Baseball and, to a lesser extent, hoops are increasingly reliant upon players
not born and bred on this continent. Yes, times have changed since the
Splinter's heyday.

The NHL puts Americans and Canadians on the same team, but baseball might simply
use a U.S. vs. everyone else format, leaving the likes of Larry Walker to join
Ichirio and Pedro Martinez and the rest of the imports.

Certainly, the quality of competition would not suffer and there's nothing
Americans love more than taking on the world.

SPLENDID SPLINTERS: Whether or not his remains wind up being cryonicly preserved
for posterity, Williams' exploits will remain frozen in time. Remarkable how his
legacy is being sullied by those who wish to exploit it, just like another
contemporary icon, Joe DiMaggio. Remarkable, too, how both men had sons who
couldn't get past their fathers' fame. ... An expert panel assembled by the
Associated Press in 1999 named baseball's greatest 10 players, in this order:
Babe Ruth, Willie Mays, Hank Aaron, Williams, Ty Cobb, DiMaggio, Walter Johnson,
Lou Gehrig, Jackie Robinson and Honus Wagner. ... DiMaggio participated in nine
World Series titles, Williams none. ... Williams batted .388 in 1957, at the age
of 39, when he couldn't run any more. "I didn't get many infield hits that
year," he once said. "Mickey Mantle got a lot. If I got as many as he did, I
would have hit .430."

THIS AND THAT: Spending like there's no tomorrow hasn't paid off (quite the
opposite) for him with the Texas Rangers, but it isn't preventing Tom Hicks from
trying to buy a Stanley Cup with the Dallas Stars. Leaf fans can only envy such
commitment to put money where mouth is. ... Asked by the Chicago Sun-Times
several years ago to describe "the weirdest thing I've even done," Ed Belfour
replied: "My friends and I shot a flock of tame geese when we were young." ...
Adam Oates, on playing with Paul Kariya in Anaheim: "I'd love to get zero goals
and 100 assists." That would be $3.5 million (U.S.) very well spent by the
Ducks. ... Blackhawks GM Mike Smith, on the free-agent frenzy: "What's going on
around the league is like a 100-yard sprint to see who can be the most foolish."
Smith's team, of course, is not spending. ... Darius Kasparaitis gave Eric
Lindros his first concussion in 1998 and the two have been the bitterest of
rivals ever since, but Lindros called Kasparaitis to encourage him to become a
teammate with the Rangers. Worked, too.

COSTLY COMEBACK: Benito Santiago making it back to the All-Star Game at his
advanced age, representing the Giants this week in Milwaukee, is all the more
remarkable in light of the fact he barely survived a Florida car crash in 1998,
when he was with the Jays. What's not widely known is that he was cited for
speeding and reckless driving and had to pay $2 million (U.S.) to a passenger in
his Ferrari, who lost a leg as a result of the accident. "I felt bad about the
guy losing his leg," he tells the Sacramento Bee, "but he sued me and got $2
million. That's a lot of money. It really hurt me, and I was mad. I still am.
He's not a friend any more. I haven't seen him again." ... Forget the
controversial "out" clause that may or may not be in J.P. Ricciardi's contract
with the Jays, what we'd really like to know is if he negotiated a deal in which
he gets a percentage of the savings in player contracts he's been able to pass
on to other teams. Agents work on commission, why not GMs?

Garth Woolsey's Fair and Foul appears Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and
Saturdays. You can message him at sports @ thestar.ca


LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ANTHONY BOLANTE/REUTERS FILE PHOTO WORLD'S TEAM: Seattle Mariners'
Ichiro Suzuki of Japan could be teamed with the likes of Larry Walker and Pedro
Martinez and the rest of the imports against the United States.

                  Copyright 2002 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              942 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

Canadian Resident Sentenced in Sextortion Case

LENGTH: 590  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Eastern District of Michigan has issued
the following news release:



  An Ontario man was sentenced today to 30 years in federal prison after having
pleaded guilty to charges related to the sexual exploitation of two minor girls,
announced United States Attorney Barbara L. McQuade.





 McQuade was joined in the announcement by Special Agent in Charge David P.
Gelios, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Detroit Field Office, and Chief Michael
Patton of the West Bloomfield Police Department.



 According to court records, from October through December 2013, Antonio P.
Fontana, 59, coerced and enticed a 15-year-old girl ("Victim 1") residing in the
Eastern District of Michigan into performing various sexual acts for him in
front of an Internet webcam on an almost daily basis. Fontana first began
communicating with the victim on an Internet website, where he was posing as a
16-year-old boy. Fontana recorded many, if not all, of the sexual acts he forced
Victim 1 to perform.  Fontana threatened to post the recordings of Victim 1 on
the Internet and to send them to her friends and family if she did not continue
to perform sexual acts for him.  When Victim 1 ultimately attempted to stop
speaking to Fontana in late December 2013, Fontana continued to communicate with
Victim 1 and her mother in an attempt to coerce Victim 1 into continuing to
communicate.  At various times in January and February, 2014, Fontana followed
through with his threats, and sent sexually explicit images of Victim 1 to
Victim 1's email contacts and her mother.



 Fontana committed similar conduct from November to December 2014 with a second
minor victim ("Victim 2"), a 14-year-old girl in the Eastern District of
Michigan. Further investigation revealed that Fontana had similarly exploited
children from all over the world, including several in the United States,
Finland and England



 "This defendant used the internet to exploit and extort innocent children in
the most humiliating way.  The bravery of the child in this case to come forward
and report the perpetrator's conduct certainly prevented other children from
being exploited this way."



 "Mr. Fontana hid behind the anonymity of the Internet to target and sexually
exploit children in the most reprehensible of ways," stated David P.  Gelios,
Special Agent in Charge of the FBI Detroit Field Office. "This investigation
proves the reach of the FBI, along with its local, state and federal partners,
is a long one; in this case even across international borders.  The protection
of our children from depraved predators and online threats will remain a
priority as long as there are those who would sexually exploit our children."



 "Predators that target children via the Internet are not limited by state or
national jurisdictional boundaries," said Chief Patton. "The entire West
Bloomfield community is thankful for the efforts and cooperation of the local,
federal, and international law enforcement partners which led to this
indictment."



 Fontana was extradited to the United States from Canada last year.



 McQuade praised the work of the Special Agents of the FBI, the officers from
the West Bloomfield Police Department and the detectives from the major crime
unit of the Durham Regional Police Service, Ontario, Canada. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Douglas Salzenstein and Matthew
Roth.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              943 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

Canadian Resident Sentenced in Sextortion Case

LENGTH: 590  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Eastern District of Michigan has issued
the following news release:



  An Ontario man was sentenced today to 30 years in federal prison after having
pleaded guilty to charges related to the sexual exploitation of two minor girls,
announced United States Attorney Barbara L. McQuade.





 McQuade was joined in the announcement by Special Agent in Charge David P.
Gelios, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Detroit Field Office, and Chief Michael
Patton of the West Bloomfield Police Department.



 According to court records, from October through December 2013, Antonio P.
Fontana, 59, coerced and enticed a 15-year-old girl ("Victim 1") residing in the
Eastern District of Michigan into performing various sexual acts for him in
front of an Internet webcam on an almost daily basis. Fontana first began
communicating with the victim on an Internet website, where he was posing as a
16-year-old boy. Fontana recorded many, if not all, of the sexual acts he forced
Victim 1 to perform.  Fontana threatened to post the recordings of Victim 1 on
the Internet and to send them to her friends and family if she did not continue
to perform sexual acts for him.  When Victim 1 ultimately attempted to stop
speaking to Fontana in late December 2013, Fontana continued to communicate with
Victim 1 and her mother in an attempt to coerce Victim 1 into continuing to
communicate.  At various times in January and February, 2014, Fontana followed
through with his threats, and sent sexually explicit images of Victim 1 to
Victim 1's email contacts and her mother.



 Fontana committed similar conduct from November to December 2014 with a second
minor victim ("Victim 2"), a 14-year-old girl in the Eastern District of
Michigan. Further investigation revealed that Fontana had similarly exploited
children from all over the world, including several in the United States,
Finland and England



 "This defendant used the internet to exploit and extort innocent children in
the most humiliating way.  The bravery of the child in this case to come forward
and report the perpetrator's conduct certainly prevented other children from
being exploited this way."



 "Mr. Fontana hid behind the anonymity of the Internet to target and sexually
exploit children in the most reprehensible of ways," stated David P.  Gelios,
Special Agent in Charge of the FBI Detroit Field Office. "This investigation
proves the reach of the FBI, along with its local, state and federal partners,
is a long one; in this case even across international borders.  The protection
of our children from depraved predators and online threats will remain a
priority as long as there are those who would sexually exploit our children."



 "Predators that target children via the Internet are not limited by state or
national jurisdictional boundaries," said Chief Patton. "The entire West
Bloomfield community is thankful for the efforts and cooperation of the local,
federal, and international law enforcement partners which led to this
indictment."



 Fontana was extradited to the United States from Canada last year.



 McQuade praised the work of the Special Agents of the FBI, the officers from
the West Bloomfield Police Department and the detectives from the major crime
unit of the Durham Regional Police Service, Ontario, Canada. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Douglas Salzenstein and Matthew
Roth.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              944 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Skagit Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 14, 2012 Saturday

Man sentenced after bragging on Facebook about exploits

BYLINE: Lynsi Burton, Skagit Valley Herald, Mount Vernon, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 257 words


July 14--MOUNT VERNON -- A Bellingham man pleaded guilty and was sentenced to
four months in jail Friday, after eluding police in a high-speed motorcycle
chase last year and bragging about it on Facebook.

Tyler Powers, 31, pleaded guilty to eluding a police vehicle in Skagit County
Superior Court.

Powers was pulled over with three fellow bikers by motorcycle officers during
last year's September Oyster Run near Bayview-Edison and Samish Island roads,
according to police reports. Powers was wearing no eye protection and his
license plate was bent, making it illegible.

Powers popped a wheelie at a "phenomenal speed," which he would later claim was
200 mph, court records say. He repeatedly eluded officers, who never caught up
to him.

The next day, officers researched the other three motorcyclists on Facebook and
found one of them had posted about witnessing a 200 mph police chase. Powers
commented on the post, mocking the "slow ass cops."

Powers' Facebook profile included a post saying, "this year oyster 'run' had a
whole new meaning!!! better luck next time officers!!!!"

When law enforcement served a search warrant at Powers' house, they found an
illegal marijuana grow operation in his garage.

His driver license also was found to have been suspended in 2008.

Skagit County Prosecutor Rich Weyrich said Powers' marijuana grow will be
addressed in Whatcom County.

___ (c)2012 the Skagit Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Wash.) Visit the Skagit
Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Wash.) at www.goskagit.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120714-UV-Man-sentenced-after-bragging-on-Facebook-about-exploits
-0714-20120714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UV


                      Copyright 2012 Skagit Valley Herald

                              945 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 11, 2011 Tuesday

Casualties occur as drugs, weapons seized in Mexican exploits

BYLINE: Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 267 words


Oct. 11--Four presumed members of a criminal organization were killed and three
suspects were detained in two military operations in the municipalities of
Salinas Victoria and Apodaca in Nuevo Leon over the weekend.

Weapons and drugs were seized in the operations that occurred Saturday.

The first operation occurred around 10:50 a.m. as the military investigated
reports that several individuals had participated in an aggression against
federal police two days prior.

The military located several armed subjects on Federal Highway 85 in Salinas
Victoria. The subjects fired on the military when they became aware of troops,
who returned fire.

Three men and one woman, who have not been identified, died in that firefight.

Troops seized 260 bundles of marijuana weighing 3,666 lbs, five weapons, 31
magazines, 677 rounds of ammunition, five vehicles, a bullet proof vest, three
cartridge belts, and two bullet proof plates.

The second operation took place in the municipality of Apodaca where the
military detained three suspected members of a criminal organization.

Troops also seized 2,016 doses of marijuana, 972 doses of cocaine, 1,381 doses
of crack cocaine, an attachment for a grenade launcher, a weapon, 12 rounds of
ammunition, a practice grenade, a weapon for gas cartridges, a charger for a gas
pistol, four gas cartridges, two radio systems, two cell telephone systems, a
money counting machine, 7,650, equal to about $576, two vehicles.

___ (c)2011 Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas) Visit Valley Morning Star
(Harlingen, Texas) at www.valleymorningstar.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111011-HR-Casualties-occur-as-drugs-weapons-seized-in-Mexican-exploits
-1011-20111011

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2011 Valley Morning Star

                              946 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            September 5, 2016 Monday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

lessons from his painful exit

BYLINE: Barry Flatman

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 63

LENGTH: 793 words


To those who know Dan Evans, and even those who do not, it should come as no
surprise that he was found drowning his sorrows in a Manhattan bar in the early
hours of Sunday after his demoralising third-round US Open exit. Evans knows he
could not have played much better against an opponent as mighty as two-times
grand-slam champion Stan Wawrinka, but this knowledge is tempered by the fact he
was presented with a gilt-edged opportunity to win the match.

Lamentably, in the split-second as he prepared to hit an overhead smash, as the
ball flew on to his racket, he made the wrong decision.

However, that is now in the past and what happens for Evans in the future is the
intriguing conundrum. As a result of his exploits in an extended American summer
that was eventually terminated by the late-night 4-6, 6-3, 6-7, 7-6, 6-2 defeat
by the third-seeded Wawrinka, he will rise from his present position of world No
64 to a career-high ranking close to the top 50.

"Being that close, I was thinking about winning the match," admitted Evans, who
this time last year was playing a minor event in Roehampton. "Whoever says you
don't think about winning the match at that point is full of it. It's a bit of a
heartbreaker really."

The common belief is Evans possesses the skill and game to rise at least 20
places higher if he commits himself, meaning he could be seeded at grand-slam
tournaments next year and he will no longer be forced to endure the rigours of
qualifying rounds to ensure participation in the principal Masters 1000 series
where ranking points and prize money are so much more abundant.

Even the most cursory glance at Evans's past exploits make it clear there have
been many false dawns previously for the player who, by his own admission,
values a few nights out on the town with his mates as highly as he does
improving his tennis proficiencies.

Three years ago he also reached the third round in New York after beating such
luminaries as Kei Nishikori, who reached the final the following year, and
Bernard Tomic. Rather than act as an impetus, injuries and indolence led to
Evans allowing his ranking to slip again and by May last year he was down to an
almost inexplicable position of 772nd in the world.

"It's a bit difficult to think about anything other than that smash right now,"
he said. "I've never been in that situation before, especially against someone
as good as Wawrinka. Why I hit it down the middle is beyond me. Such is life."
In similar circumstances, after coming up physically short in a fifth set
against top-flight opposition, Andy Murray would commit himself to getting even
fitter and although not immediately, would only wait a couple of days before
heading to the gym or off to the running track.

Evans's first port of call, now he has found his passport that went missing for
the best part of a week, is to head for Marbella for a few days before the
British team convene for next weekend's Davis Cup semi-final in Glasgow. Evans
most certainly does not subscribe to the Murray point of view: "I missed the
subscription," he said, adding: "I didn't lose that match because I wasn't fit,
I lost because I made the wrong decision on the smash.

"Obviously in the fifth set I was tired but I wouldn't say it was physical, more
mentally after having to go again after all four of the sets being so tight. But
I'm ready to go now, I've never been away this long. To come off again losing
after being in that position is something I need to get out of my head pretty
quick. Getting away for a bit, it's a good idea."

Kyle Edmund, who faced world No 1 Novak Djokovic last night in a similar attempt
to produce the display of his life after ousting Richard Gasquet and John Isner,
has a very different mindset.

And now Leon Smith, the Davis Cup captain, faces an intriguing selection dilemma
before facing Argentina. Smith is obligated to name a provisional squad tomorrow
but that is certain to include Edmund and Evans along with the Murray brothers,
Andy and Jamie, as well as doubles specialist Dominic Inglot, who played well
against Serbia.

Having substituted admirably as the No 1 player in Belgrade and having gone
further in the competition than Evans, it would appear as though Edmund is
favourite for the second singles berth alongside Andy Murray and the natural
pessimist in Evans suggested as much. "I'm a doubt to get in the squad," he
said. Such a suggestion is ludicrous, given the way he proved too adept for the
highly rated Alexander Zverev in the previous round and outplayed Wawrinka for
much of his defeat. But the ball is now very much in Dan Evans's court.

Missed the US Open action? Read Barry Flatman's report of the Djokovic v Edmund
clash in today's 9am edition - online and on the app EXCLUSIVE TO MEMBERS

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: In today's tablet edition and at www.thetimes.co.uk/sportSo close:
Evans took Wawrinka to five sets

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              947 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Commercial-News (Danville, Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

Former Danville resident found guilty of kidnapping

BYLINE: Commercial-News, Danville, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 686 words


Dec. 18--PEORIA -- A federal jury in Peoria found former Danville and Westville
resident Nicole Eason guilty on two counts of kidnapping and one count of
transportation with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity with a minor,
announced Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice
Department's Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney James A. Lewis of the Central
District of Illinois and Special Agent in Charge Sean Cox of the FBI's
Springfield, Ill., Division.

Nicole Eason, 37, and her husband, Calvin Eason, 46, both formerly of Danville
and Westville, were charged in connection with their sexual abuse of a child.

The couple has remained in custody since their arrest in April 2015. On Nov. 6,
Calvin Eason pleaded guilty to all three counts in the indictment. Nicole and
Calvin Eason are scheduled to be sentenced on March 11, 2016, according to the
release.

"The Easons took advantage of adopted children at their most vulnerable state
and caused them to suffer irreparable abuse," Caldwell said in a press release
Friday. "Every child in American deserves a safe home, and this conviction
should send a clear message that we will go after anyone who seeks to exploit
children and risk their safety."

"Those who wish to harm children often go to great lengths to deceive and
manipulate in order to gain access to them," Lewis said in the release. "Citizen
jurors, however, rendered their decision in this case based on the facts and
evidence gathered and presented by law enforcement and prosecutors, to hold this
defendant accountable."

"Children are our most precious and vulnerable resource and protecting them from
individuals like Mr. & Mrs. Eason who seek to exploit them sexually remains one
of this office's priorities," Cox said in the release. "Today, the jury sent a
clear message that this kind of reprehensible conduct will not be tolerated. We
will continue to actively pursue anyone who would destroy a child's innocence by
violating federal child exploitation laws."

Evidence at trial established that in 2006 through 2008, the Easons sought to
adopt through an informal process, sometimes referred to as private "re-homing,"
in which the legal adoptive family can no longer care for the child and transfer
the child to another's custody.

In 2007, the Easons communicated with the mnor victim's parents both through
online discussion boards and directly and misrepresented material facts about
their background to gain the parents' trust, including, among other things, that
they had a home study "waiver," which the parents believed was needed to
transfer custody of their child and which was used to verify the Easons as fit
caregivers. Based on these misrepresentations, one of the victim's parents
transported the child across state lines in 2007. The minor testified that while
in the Easons' custody for nearly a month, both Nicole and Calvin Eason sexually
abused her, the release said.

Evidence at trial also established that in 2008, Nicole and Calvin Eason
kidnapped a second minor, in the same manner, and the minor was with them for a
few days.

The FBI's Springfield Division investigated the case in cooperation with the
Vermilion County, Ill., Sheriff's Department, and trial attorney Jennifer
Toritto Leonardo of the Criminal Division's Child Exploitation and Obscenity
Section (CEOS) and Assistant U.S. Attorney Elly Peirson of the Central District
of Illinois prosecuted the case.

This case was brought as part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide initiative
to combat the growing epidemic of child sexual exploitation and abuse, launched
in May 2006 by the Department of Justice. Led by U.S. Attorneys' offices and
CEOS, Project Safe Childhood marshals federal, state and local resources to
better locate, apprehend and prosecute individuals who exploit children via the
Internet, as well as to identify and rescue victims.

For information about Project Safe Childhood, please visit www.justice.gov/psc.

___ (c)2015 the Commercial-News (Danville, Ill.) Visit the Commercial-News
(Danville, Ill.) at www.commercial-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151218-DQ-Former-Danville-resident-found-guilty-of-kidnapping-1218-20151218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DQ


                         Copyright 2015 Commercial-News

                              948 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              949 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              950 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              951 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              952 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              953 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              954 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              955 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              956 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              957 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              958 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              959 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              960 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              961 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              962 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              963 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 295 words


It is a depressing truth that as we get busy Christmas shopping, thieves get
busy stealing.

Crime goes up at this time of year, if only because we tend to have more worth
taking, and criminals know that all too well.

There is never a good time to be burgled, but the thought of an intruder in your
home, helping himself to presents bought in celebration of a season of goodwill
leaves a particularly nasty taste.

Just how methodically a burglar may exploit opportunities can be seen in what
police say is a thief's actual to do list, found following a burglary in
Manchester. Windows left open, car keys visible in the house, pedal bikes in
gardens, laptops on show all of these are filed away for future reference, along
with the tools needed for the job.

The brazenness of this shopping list of crime reminds one of the letter written,
but not sent, to his victim by a teenage burglar in West Yorkshire, supposedly
as part of the restorative justice aspect of his intensive supervision
programme. The young thief did not just refuse to say sorry, he wanted to tell
his victim that it was his own fault he got burgled, because he did not draw the
curtains or close the kitchen window.

Of course no-one is to blame for becoming a victim of crime. We should be able
to conduct our lives without constant fear of crime. But that remorseless
teenage burglar, and the writer of the list of lined-up grafts remind us that
burglars will exploit our lack of caution swiftly and without conscience. We
need to find a sensible middle course between leaving all our worldly goods on
display and living with a siege mentality behind locked doors.

Most thiefs are opportunists. If we deprive of them of opportunity, they will
move on to the next, softer target. Don't be that softer target.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              964 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       Pasadena Star-News (Pasadena, CA)

                          December 10, 2003 Wednesday

Corporations' benefits

SECTION: YOUR VIEW

LENGTH: 1269 words


I agree with many Californians that taxpayers should not be expected to absorb
the costs of illegal immigration, but unlike many people, my criticism is
directed at the industries that exploit illegal immigrants and the legislators
who look the other way.

Legislators have publicly stated that the illegal immigrant work force is the
backbone of the California economy, but then they find ways to harass immigrant
workers for being here by denying them emergency medical care, not allowing them
driver licenses and depriving their children of an education.

Our industries and legislators welcome illegal immigrants into our work force
with open arms, claiming they are filling jobs that "no one else wants.'

This is true. Most illegal immigrants work excessive hours under miserable
conditions for sub-standard wages and receive no health-care benefits. As
evidenced by the recent strikes in California, the American public is not
willing to work under unfair conditions.

As long as we, the masses, keep fighting among ourselves over driver licenses,
we lose sight of the real problem, which is that American corporations are
engaging in sweatshop labor at a global level.

American businesses have found a way to avoid complying with fair labor
practices, and our legislators have been ever so accommodating. I don't believe
for one minute that we don't have the resources in this country to enforce
immigration laws. Immigration violations are intentionally ignored to spare
American corporations the inconvenience and expense of setting up factories
abroad.

The public is fed the rationale that cheap labor is bringing food to our table
at a lower cost. This is a myth! The cost savings is going directly into the
pockets of the businesses that exploit laborers, not to the consumer.

Doesn't anyone realize that T-shirt you bought for $29.99 at the "Happiest Place
on Earth' was made by children making 12 cents an hour in a factory in Taiwan?
Wouldn't you expect that the lower operating costs would deliver a more
reasonably priced T-shirt to you, the consumer?

Consumers continue to be gouged, laborers continue to be exploited and the only
beneficiaries in this system are the corporations that exploit laborers.

Carie Osburn Duarte

Ask hard questions

The recent article on group homes in Altadena was factually incorrect. The story
said: "In the end, the home, along with two in Alhambra, opened.'

In actuality, the Homes For Life Foundation opened a "six-pack' [six or less
disabled persons] group home in a different location in San Gabriel.

The homeowners surrounding the proposed home on Bradbury worked diligently with
the County of Los Angeles and the city of San Gabriel to facilitate this move.

Nowhere did the article state this fact.

The article also failed to mention that if a nonprofit group is using public
funds, then the public has a right to have a say in where they locate a "six-
pack' group home.

Like Woodward and Bernstein... follow the money. Our tax dollars at work it's
all public record, and if not, it is available through public disclosure at the
newspaper's request.

Ask the questions about the money. Ask how a nonprofit group can purchase a
single-family home at today's real estate prices with no down payment and
below-market interest rates. And who finances these below-market interest rate
loans?

Where does the nonprofit get the money to remodel these home purchases? And
which governmental agency lends and/or gives them this money? Who profits when
the group home is resold in the future?

Also, ask how much money, per person, does the nonprofit generate each month?
And where does that money come from?

Most of these nonprofits do not even have a policy or procedures manual in
writing on how to run their group homes. What do they do in case of emergencies?
Is a nonprofit staff member on-site 24/7?

Let's say you are a homemaker with four young children and a six-pack group home
suddenly opens up next door to you. You discover it will be housing six recently
paroled pedophiles. Are you going to be called a racist because you don't want
them living in your neighborhood?

Matthew OwenSan Gabriel

Free speech in Monrovia

I was happy to read the letter from Robert O. Cook of South Pasadena in the Dec.
5 Star- News and would like to assure him that Monrovians have been bravely
speaking out against Mayor Rob Hammond requiring a $14,000 impact fee for
filming. If that were not so, the story would never have seen the light of day.

I say "bravely' because in our fair town, those who speak out are routinely
punished, in one way or another, for daring to speak the truth.

Whether it be having threatening letters sent to them by a lawyer for our
mayor's buddy who received the $9,250, or simply bashing the speakers'
reputation by a behind-the-scenes whispering campaign, from having to endure the
telephone calls from Hammond's other buddy, Councilman Tom Adams, trying to see
what it will take to make the complainer stop speaking, it has really taken
great determination and bravery to exercise free speech in Monrovia.

Jennifer RangerMonrovia

Get Hammond facts straight

I have been reading negative things about Mayor Rob Hammond and I say send a
reporter to talk to Hammond and get the true facts about the money he received
for having his store closed when they closed off the street to make a movie.

I believe the voters made a very good choice when they elected Hammond to be
their mayor. He gave a speech to the senior citizens of Monrovia on this
subject. He does visit the senior citizens at the Monrovia Center many times to
give talks on what is happening in the city. He is a good and honest man. Please
get the facts straight and report it.

Angie SheasbyMonrovia

Beware what you read

There has been a lot of drama about filming in downtown Monrovia, much of it
fueled by Steve Grolneck. Some local newspapers have mistaken Grolneck for a
credible source and thereby encouraged his ravings.

Free speech is a right guaranteed by our Constitution. However, editorial boards
must exercise judgment about their sources or all newspapers will read like the
National Enquirer. Or like the Monrovia Shadow, which is a blatant example of
sleaze written and surreptitiously scattered around town. Some of us have tried
to laugh it off, but it isn't funny.

And I worry about the long- term consequences to a community like Monrovia that
depends on its volunteers. Good people may avoid public service for fear of
becoming one of the Shadow's targets, particularly if our community allows years
of good deeds to be erased by one lazy act of slander.

So what can we do about sleazy publications in a free society? For one thing, we
can refuse to read them. I don't read the National Enquirer because I don't
think two-headed, alien-fertilized babies are "news.' Likewise, we can refuse to
read the Monrovia Shadow's malignant delusions or allow anyone to tell us about
them. We can also hit the mute button when such ideas are expressed at the
podium during council meetings.

We can begin to practice a tradition called "shunning.' Shunning is considered
an act of love in certain religions, wherein the community inspires sinners to
change their ways by acting as though they don't exist. There are lots of cross-
cultural options in our American melting pot. I like this one.

And eventually, if such slanderous behavior continues to escalate, there will be
a mutually profitable merger between an aggrieved party and an enterprising
attorney. God bless America.

Gloria CrudgingtonMonrovia

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.

                              965 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      December 2, 2016 Friday 11:09 AM EST

Solution to JIT-ROP cyber attacks: Scramble code quickly

BYLINE: Patrick Nelson

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 549  words


Click for image

A new software development technique promises to end destructive exploits from
hackers. The concept is to continually, and repeatedly, rearrange the program's
code while it's running-and do it very quickly. Doing that shuts down the
hacker's "window of opportunity" because he doesn't know where to find bugs to
hit with his poisonous attack. The scrambling occurs over milliseconds.

Code reuse attacks are the kind of harmful exploits that can be stopped dead in
their tracks, researchers say in an article on Columbia University's website.

Shuffler, as the new cybersecurity program is called, "continuously
re-randomizes code-locations" so that Just-in-Time Return-Oriented Programming
(JIT-ROP) attacks can't take place. Those attacks are where memory disclosures
are used to discover buggy, exploitable code during runtime, the scientists
explain in their paper (pdf).

+ Also on Network World: IBM sets up test range to practice fighting nightmare
cyber battles safely +

A similar technique, one of rearranging memory when a program launches, called
Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR) had been used successfully to confuse
hacks in the past.

However, the usual bugs in code have provided an entry for rancorous exploits.
The researchers say software typically contains 50 mistakes for every 1,000
lines of code.

Hackers get around ASLR through exploitation of those errors. It's something
ASLR doesn't stop.

"Hackers soon discovered they could exploit memory disclosure bugs to grab code
fragments once the program was already running," the Columbia University article
says.

How Shuffler works

The researchers' invention promises to end that. Shuffler takes ASLR's
randomizing and super-charges it by mixing up code every 20 to 50 milliseconds.
That's a deadline to a hacker's work. Any information gleaned by the hacker from
a server is out of date already by the time the ne'er do well gets it.

By the time the actor can act, "Shuffler has already relocated the respective
code snippets to different memory locations," says study co-author Vasileios
Kemerlis, of Brown University, in the article.

Something else that's clever about it is that the Shuffler software randomizes
itself while running alongside the program it's coddling. Hackers shouldn't be
able to get in that way, either.

The researchers say their system works better than anything that has been tried
before in the same vein, such as MIT Lincoln Labs' continuously randomizing TASR
and Florida State University's Remix. They're too slow and need too many system
changes, they say.

Slowness is indeed a drawback to all of these kinds of programs. The physical
act of the arrangement takes time. Shuffler slows things down 15 percent on
average unless one uses copious computer power, the researchers say. Servers
running 12 cores improve matters, they say.

The researchers say they still have a bit of work to do before they're ready to
release Shuffler. One vulnerability still not fully resolved is related to
server-crash exploits.

"Billions of lines of vulnerable code are out there," says study senior author,
Junfeng Yang, of Columbia and member of the Data Science Institute, talking of
the penetration route that hackers use to get in.

A final version of Shuffler could avoid the need to find all those bugs.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              966 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            September 9, 2012 Sunday

Raiders' defense eying new Charger

BYLINE: By JERRY MCDONALD The Oakland Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 628 words


ALAMEDA   If Oakland Raiders defensive end Matt Shaughnessy is looking at
Chargers undrafted rookie free agent left tackle Michael Harris as fresh meat,
he's doing a good job suppressing his appetite in public.

"I mean, he looked pretty good on film," Shaughnessy said Friday. "Obviously
they're very happy with what he's doing, so he's playing."

The Raiders were able to exploit a substitute left tackle in last season's 24-17
win in San Diego. After starter Marcus McNeil went out early with a
season-ending neck injury, nickel pass rusher Kamerion Wimbley beat backup
Brandyn Dombrowski for four of the six sacks Oakland got against quarterback
Philip Rivers.

"I'm not Kam," Shaughnessy said. "We're totally different people."

In this case, Harris, 6-foot-5, 318 pounds, has been prepared to start, as Jared
Gaither has been out since early in training camp with a back injury.

"He's a very mature guy," Chargers coach Norv Turner told Bay Area reporters by
conference call. "You'd like him to be in a position where he's learning and
waiting his turn, but he's doing a good job preparing to play."

Harris was undrafted out of UCLA, a school which hasn't had an offensive lineman
selected in any round of the draft since 1999. He was nowhere to be found on the
All-Pac-12 team and had four false starts against Utah.

He's likely to get plenty of help from tight end Randy McMichael.

"Starting Monday, I have a chance to show the world who Michael Harris is, and
show the world I belong in the NFL," Harris told the Los Angeles Times.

Defensive coordinator Jason Tarver said the temptation to overload a defense to
take advantage of Harris is tempered by Turner's play-calling acumen and the
likelihood he'd exploit the opposite side.

"He's got in front of the guy he's blocked for the most part in the preseason,"
Tarver said. "We know he's out there. They know he's out there. It's a chess
match to see how much they help him, how the scheme goes around him and what
players we can match on him."

Raiders wide receiver Denarius Moore, out with a hamstring strain since Aug. 4,
is one step closer to being available for the opener. Moore looked strong and
fluid during the media availability period, and coach Dennis Allen said his work
in practice was encouraging.

"He didn't take as many reps as he might normally take, but he practiced," Allen
said.

One day after sticking with short and intermediate routes, Moore extended
himself more on Friday.

"I'm giving it all I've got right now, really gaining confidence in myself,
seeing what I'm able to do, if I'm able to pick it up or not, and just letting
it go from there," Moore said.

Moore said it isn't matter of what he can do so much as how long he can do it.

"I'm able to make all the cuts," Moore said. "It's being able to do them over
and over consistently when it gets tired."

Centers Alex Parsons and Stefen Wisniewski both got in work with the first team,
and both have also had some time at guard.

"They'll both be up for the game to help us inside," offensive coordinator Greg
Knapp said.

Knapp said one would start, and the other would be a backup center and guard.

Wisniewski had his only start at center in last year's win in San Diego.

Although Allen said he won't rule out Jacoby Ford, the wide receiver missed
practice again and it is highly unlikely he will face San Diego.

The Raiders announced that Monday night's game against the Chargers has sold out
and will be televised locally on KPIX as well as ESPN. Oakland sold out all
eight of its home games last season.


(c)2012 The Oakland Tribune (Oakland, Calif.)

Visit The Oakland Tribune (Oakland, Calif.) atwww.insidebayarea.com

Distributed by MCT Information Services

KeyWords:: BC-FBN-RAIDERS:OX BC FBN RAIDERS OX

Raiders vs. Chargers

·Monday:

7 p.m.

·TV: ESPN

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              967 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                   December 1, 2001 Saturday Ontario Edition

NHL fans should be Wild about Gaborik

BYLINE: Damien Cox, Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E03

LENGTH: 642 words

CANADIANS are, quite naturally, almost exclusively fascinated with the exploits
of Canadian-born hockey players these days.

It's coming up to an Olympic year, and evaluating home-grown talents as to how
close they are to qualifying for Wayne Gretzky's roster is the prism through
which almost all individual achievement is being filtered.

As a hockey country, we are focused on our own navel and we're not budging until
the end of February.

But while the exploits of Calgary Flames forward Jarome Iginla have been
carefully documented in his breakthrough season, there's another sizzling young
gunslinger ripping up the west who deserves more than simple recognition.

You don't hear much about the Minnesota Wild in these parts, and so you hear
even less about 19-year-old Slovak winger Marian Gaborik. The last time his name
may have come up to many was as the third pick of the 2000 entry draft, a draft
that was dominated by the selection of Rick DiPietro by the New York Islanders,
the first time a goalie had ever gone first.

Yet less than two years later it is Gaborik who appears on a direct flight to
superstardom, quite possibly the highest-quality forward to be selected in the
last four entry drafts.

Given that Vincent Lecavalier, David Legwand, Henrik and Daniel Sedin, Pavel
Brendl, Patrik Stefan, Dany Heatley and Ilya Kovalchuk were all harvested from
those four proceedings, this is no faint praise.

"He wants to be the best," said Minnesota centre Jim Dowd, who has found heaven
on earth as Gaborik's linemate. "He gets the puck and expects something great to
happen."

While observers are still looking for signs of true shinny genius in Lecavalier,
Legwand and the others, Gaborik has rocketed to 10th in league scoring this
season, remarkable indeed for a talent-thin club that is the Wild.

Then again, Jacques Lemaire has the club at two games over .500 with a Western
Conference playoff berth possible even though the Wild play out of the Northwest
Division, perhaps the league's most competitive grouping at the moment.

Indeed, if you consider the combination of on-ice progress and off-ice
commercial success, the addition of the Minnesota and Columbus franchises may
one day be regarded as the NHL's most efficient and worthwhile round of
expansion.

That experienced hockey men were in charge from the start - Doug Risebrough in
Minny, Doug MacLean in Ohio - was a major plus, as was the fact Lemaire and Dave
King were available to be the first coaches of the two franchises.

Both clubs immediately began play in spectacular new arenas, and it's hard to
believe the NHL would ever again allow a new team to begin business in a
transition facility. The Wild, in the Twin Cities second go-round with NHL
hockey, have sold out every regular season game they've played.

It is within that overall context that Gaborik is soaring, producing points at a
better per-game ratio than Mats Sundin, Theo Fleury, Joe Thornton, Steve Yzerman
and Joe Sakic despite the fact he doesn't turn 20 until February.

Gaborik, with 12 of his 27 points coming at even strength, is also a featured
component of the NHL's second best power play along with the
less-than-spectacular quartet of Dowd, Andrew Brunette, Filip Kuba and Sergei
Zholtok. How Gaborik might fare when Minny is able to add similarly talented
players - Mikko Koivu, Saku's brother, was the club's first pick last summer -
boggles the mind.

Sadly, like other Slovaks around the league, Gaborik probably won't be showing
his skills to the world in Salt Lake City because his country isn't being
allowed access to its top players in time for the preliminary round of the 2002
Winter Olympics.

But Canadians would be well served to gaze away from our collective navel for a
moment to catch a glimpse of this teenage wonder. He is the real deal.


LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              968 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 13, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

TV SPORTS;
With Words to Spare, Schenkel Strikes a Chord

BYLINE: By Richard Sandomir

SECTION: Section B; Page 15; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 940 words


Confession: during my Wonder Years, more hours than I care to remember (because
I clearly did not have a life out of doors) were spent watching and listening to
ABC's Chris Schenkel and Billy Welu chronicle the bowling exploits of Don
Carter, Dick Weber and Ray Bluth.

In the 32d season of the Pro Bowlers Tour on ABC, Schenkel remains the gentle
baritone of bowling who is still capable of excitement about the exploits of Del
Ballard Jr. and Walter Ray Williams, still adept at setting up his partner (now
Nelson Burton) and proud of the success of Pete Weber, Dick's son, whom he
recalls holding in his arms.

"I grew up with bowling," he said a day before ABC's telecast of a recent
tournament in Sayville, L.I. "I never looked down on it. I've enjoyed it as much
as anything except the Olympics."

Schenkel embraces the ordinary-guy appeal of bowling that keeps viewers coming
back. Although the producer, Carol Lehti, and the director, Larry Kamm, have
modernized the bowlcasts with the use of miniaturized cameras and a glitzy
weekly opener, Schenkel's job has changed little. "I've learned about the
scarcity of words," he said. "It's a sin to talk when the ball is rolling."

Schenkel is the enduring star of the ABC series. Fans venture from the bleachers
to press him for autographs. Bowlers greet him like an old friend. "Howya doing,
Hooz," he said recently to a fellow Indianan, bowler Mike Aulby.

Nearing his 70th birthday, the gray-haired Schenkel now works for ABC solely on
bowling, which once vied for his network time with the Olympic events, pro
basketball, golf and football. For 13 years, he was the voice of the New York
Giants; in 1958, he called the seminal National Football League championship
game between the Giants and the Baltimore Colts.

For a sports broadcasting career that began in 1942 on a Muncie, Ind., radio
station, Schenkel will receive a Sports Emmy tonight for lifetime achievement.

Schenkel is a prized artifact from an earlier era, showing the versatility an
announcer needed to survive and make a living in the 1950's -- his low-key
personality and the cool medium of television were well matched.

Sports broadcasting in the 50's leaned on the play-by-play announcer, but that
burden shifted in earnest during the 60's, when former athletes and coaches
flooded the television booths.

"After better technology came in, I championed the role of the analyst," he
said. "When the replay came in, I saw the need for someone with greater depth
than I did. I got criticized that I was coddling these guys, but I had
confidence in my own ability. They've added a hell of a dimension."

Schenkel's partners have included Jack Twyman and Bill Russell (basketball), Red
Grange and Paul Christman (college football), Johnny Lujack and Pat Summerall
(pro football) and Peggy Fleming and Dick Button (figure skating).

He said that he no longer feels melancholy about being absent from the big
events he used to personify. "I only felt it for the first year after I didn't
do golf," he said. "But I'd done so much football, college and pro. It wasn't as
much fun. I really hit my goals from Day One."

But don't expect a tell-all memoir from him. Only feel-good words flow from
Schenkel. He is torn about whom to thank tonight. He worries that his wife,
Fran, a former June Taylor dancer, will join him despite a recent foot injury.
Schenkel even says nice things about another former partner, Howard Cosell.

Perhaps the single best thing one needs to know about Schenkel is that he
collects Indian peace medals.

How much bowling remains in Schenkel's future is difficult to gauge. A one-year
contract settled yesterday means ABC will air 14 tournaments in 1994, down from
24. The prospect, for now, pleases Schenkel.

"At my age, 24 tournaments is a lot," he said, then added with a chuckle: "But
how could ABC give us up entirely? What would 'Wide World of Sports' do without
us? They'd die."

When Green Is Boring

You can't blame CBS for the dullness of Sunday's final round of the Masters. The
only reason it was worth watching was the work of the wordsmith from England,
reporter Ben Wright.

On Chip Beck's lame layup shot on the 15th: "When you lay up and don't hit the
15th green, you really look foolish."

On a shot by Seve Ballesteros into a pond: "The hole has dealt scurvily with
him."

On Beck's weak putt on the 16th: "That's a very tentative prod. I think Chip
Beck's been looking at too many leader boards."

On winner Bernhard Langer: "The imperturbable, phlegmatic one."

On a man in the crowd shouting "You're the man!" on Langer's 16th tee shot:
"Well, there's an idiot in every crowd."

On Langer walking to the 16th green: "Once again, the green jacket is for
export."

AIRWAVES

It's becoming an epidemic on sports broadcasts: WPIX/Channel 11 was in
commercial when it missed the first pitch to LANCE JOHNSON in the bottom of the
first inning of the Yankees-White Sox game on Sunday. . . .  What? WPIX's TOM
SEAVER said twice of White Sox's STEVE SAX : "This is his first time up for the
White Sox." Guess last year didn't count. . . . Really? NBC's STEVE JONES said
Sunday, "Seattle has national respect because NBC is here." How about those 50
victories, Snapper? . . . Huh? NBC's DAN HICKS said the Lakers' JAMES WORTHY has
"missed a step or two." Hope he didn't fall down and hurt himself. . . .  AL
MICHAELS and JOHN DAVIDSON of the MSG Network are expected to be in Los Angeles
on Sunday to call one of ABC's three regional National Hockey League playoff
games. The other announcing teams are GARY THORNE and MIKE EMRICK and JIM
SCHOENFELD

NAME: Chris Schenkel

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company

                              969 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          May 15, 2000, Monday, FINAL

Idle shines with rude vaudevillian routine

BYLINE: Marke Andrews

SECTION: Entertainment; B11 / Front

LENGTH: 450 words


ERIC IDLE

EXPLOITS MONTY PYTHON

Saturday, May 13, Orpheum Theatre

There were surprisingly few costumes in the Orpheum lobby for Saturday's Eric
Idle Exploits Monty Python show. A few knight outfits, a few Gumby head-
kerchiefs, not much else.

That's probably because Saturday's show was a promoter's

afterthought, the real hard-core Python fans having gone to the Friday show.

With just over half a house in attendance, and with the nagging thought that you
can never really go back to the glory days of youth, one wondered if Idle, now
57, could make 30-year-old material work once again.  Well, spot on, Mrs!

With the help of two other actors, three female singers and a band, Idle put on
the kind of show that would have wowed them at a Pantages vaudeville theatre in
the 1930s. Only ruder, don't you know.

Emerging from a giant box of Spam, the

ex-British comic jumped right into Python's Greatest Hits: the Spam Song (with
Viking chorus, of course), the Money Song, Every Sperm Is Sacred (featuring a
sax solo by a musician dressed as sperm), Always Look on the Bright Side of Life
and Eric the 'alf a Bee. There was a song about the penis, and, Idle being an
equal-opportunity kind of guy, sang another about the vagina. One song had a
chorus consisting of nothing but terms for sexually transmitted diseases.

He and the others performed favourite comic bits -- The Argument, The Spanish
Inquisition, and his two most popular, Nudge Nudge and The Travel Agent.

With the aid of a large screen, the troupe segued links while they were off
changing costumes. It also provided the audience, stoked from the first note, to
sing along with Sit on My Face, The Bruces' Philosophers (Drinking) Song
(''Plato they say could stick it away, Half a crate of whiskey every day'') and
that STD ode (Gonococcal urethritis, Streptococcal balanitis ... ''). Not that
the audience needed prompting, for it sang along with songs without the aid of a
prompt. A diehard Python fan would be satisfied going to his grave knowing he
has memorized all the words to All Things Dull and Ugly.

Just about everything worked, and the show rarely dragged. When Vern Luce of
Richmond was selected to participate in the Liver-Snatching sketch, he played
along so well that one might smell an audience plant. I'm certain this isn't
true because I happen to know Vern personally, and he had his pistil and stamen
removed surgically years ago.

Tension built as folks patiently waited for that ode to British Columbia, The
Lumberjack Song. It came in the encore, and the audience needed no prompting to
join in. There's a lot of flower-pressing, cross-dressing loggers in these here
parts.


LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CP Color Photo: Dan Callister, Online USA / ERIC IDLE: Thirty-year-old
comedy bits from Monty Python were exploited tohilarious effect.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              970 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 5, 2016 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Car-hacking duo says industry must get ahead of issue

BYLINE: Elizabeth Weise, @eweise, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 453 words


The hackers who digitally hijacked a Jeep over the Internet a year ago have done
it again -- with a twist.

In 2015, automotive cybersecurity researchers Charlie Miller and Chris Valasek
showed how they could remotely stop a car and disable its brakes when it was
going less than 5 miles per hour.

This year, they unveiled a new exploit: while in the car, plugging into its
electronic system to hijack its steering and brake systems, all while going at a
much faster clip.

While they're clear what they've done is difficult, time-consuming and not
anything that's going to be widely possible for years, they're also insistent
that by getting the word out now, car companies can get ahead of the problem and
build systems that are safer.

"Let's make this harder to do. Any technology system can be leveraged by
attackers," said Miller, who spoke with Valasek on Thursday at Black Hat, the
massive computer security conference in Las Vegas.

The pair walked a packed audience through how they broke into their 2014 Jeep
Cherokee's code, found its vulnerabilities and were then able to engage the
brakes, take over the steering wheel and set the parking brake -- all while the
car was driving at speeds as high as 30 mph.

During testing, they managed to drive their car into a ditch in the middle of a
corn field near their homes. "A nice local guy towed us out for $10," Miller
said.

The new hacks work by tricking the car's electronics systems into listening to
the messages they were sending, not the ones the various computers on the car
were sending. Previously they'd found that if a car was getting messages from
both  it registered a conflict and shut the entire system down.

The pair both work for Uber's Advanced Technology Center in Pittsburgh, but
their car hacking research is not part of their day jobs. "It's all nights and
weekends," Valasek said. "We need to get another hobby."

Fiat Chrysler, which makes the Jeep that the pair hacked, said in a statement to
USA TODAY, "while we admire their creativity, it appears that the researchers
have not identified any new remote way to compromise a 2014 Jeep Cherokee or
other FCA U.S. vehicles."

It said the demonstration vehicle was updated with security-enhanced software as
part of a voluntary safety recall, which appears to have been altered back to a
previous level of software for the demonstration.

"It is highly unlikely that this exploit could be possible through the USB port
if the vehicle software were still at the latest level," the statement read.

Research released this month by KPMG found that eight out of 10 consumers were
worried enough about this issue that if they knew of a brand being at risk for
being hacked, it would affect their buying decisions.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Elizabeth Weise, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              971 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            January 6, 2005 Thursday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

Quotes about the issue

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 443 words


"I think (Bush) touched on all the cogent points. Nobody is winning except the
lawyers. It's time to stop the nonsense." -- Dr. John Holden, an
obstetrician-gynecologist from Rockford, Ill.

"He said the things I wanted to hear. We need a cap. We need a change in the way
the courts work." -- Dr. Pat Zimmerman, who has a general practice in
Collinsville

"The caps -- what (the president) is talking about -- is the right plan." -- Bob
Moore, CEO of Red Bud Regional Hospital

"This is a president who is interested in taking care of his pals, like the
pharmaceutical industry. Now he's taking care of his buddies in the insurance
industry, unfortunately at the expense of physicians. This is a crisis
situation, with insurance premiums that continue to skyrocket for these
physicians." -- Brad Lakin, the Lakin Law Firm, Wood River "When drug companies
or HMOs hurt people, they should be held to account, just like everyone else.
Yet, the president's medical malpractice plan is nothing but a shameful shield
for drug companies and HMOs who hurt people through negligence." -- U.S. Sen.
Edward Kennedy, D-Mass.

The problem "has just about forced us out of business. It's just crazy." -- Dr.
Barbara Ellzey, corporate medical director of St. Louis-based Healthline
Management Inc., which provides emergency rooms doctors to 13 hospitals in the
region

"Obviously there will be a renewed push for this " in the Illinois Legislature.
-- State Sen. Dale Righter, R-Mattoon

"Certainly (malpractice reform legislation) has a better chance than it did last
year. People, especially in this area, get this issue. This is an issue people
understand because they've lost their doctor, or many of them have. And I think
that they showed that in the Supreme Court race with (the election of Republican
Lloyd) Karmeier." -- State Sen. Dave Luechtefeld, R-Okawville

"I know we'll be successful getting legislation through the House. The question
is what will happen in the Senate. And we should have a better chance in the
Senate" this year. -- U.S. Rep. John Shimkus, R-Collinsville

"I believe this is an issue best addressed at the state level, as half of all
states have already enacted some type of reform legislation. While caps on
noneconomic damages should be considered, caps alone will not bring down the
cost of medical malpractice premiums." -- U.S. Rep. Jerry Costello, D-Belleville

"Lawyers who exploit the system for injured patients must be curbed. A health
care system that allows too many medical errors must be fixed. And insurance
companies that exploit doctors and patients with exorbitant premium increases
must be held accountable." -- U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              972 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                              April 7, 2014 Monday

Protect patents and they will protect you

LENGTH: 793  words


SOME small firms' most valuable asset is IP, says David Murray

British Summer Time has officially begun and those brave enough to venture out
into their garden recently may have witnessed the first green shoots of the year
start to emerge.

However, as members of the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE) met last week in
the Netherlands to discuss cutting-edge technologies and developments in the
field of intelligent energy - and with the global Oil Technology Conference on
the horizon in Houston, Texas in May - companies in the oil and gas sector
should also look to grow and tend to their intellectual property (IP) portfolio.
This will allow them to exploit opportunities and mitigate risks in order to put
their business on the best footing for the future.

For SMEs in particular, IP - which includes patents, trademarks and registered
design rights, among other intangible assets - is often a company's most
valuable asset. Of these, patents are one of the most important and prevalent
forms of protection for oil and gas SMEs since they can be used to protect a
company's innovative tools, equipment, processes and methods.

Not only do patents provide a barrier to entry to others looking to take market
share, they are property rights which can be sold and licensed to generate
revenue. They can help a company work with clients and suppliers to fully
exploit a technology, particularly in territories where the company otherwise
lacks the necessary resources or expertise to go it alone. They can also be used
to attract and secure investment and are often key assets if looking to sell the
company on at a later date.

A common scenario we encounter is when a company has developed or improved their
equipment or processes but does not know whether to or how best to seek
protection.

The first step is to seek advice as to how best to protect IP before disclosing
the new technology, as any non-confidential disclosure of an invention before a
patent application has been filed will, in many territories around the world,
prevent valid patent protection from being obtained.

Considering IP at such an early stage need not be a major undertaking but it is
vital to consider what actions can be taken to protect an invention as early as
possible. In an industry which routinely involves collaboration and competition
from companies across the world, it is important to develop a robust strategy
for how best to protect new ideas and developments in technology across multiple
territories.

This is particularly true of SMEs working with limited resources.

There is no "one size fits all" approach when it comes to how best to protect
innovative technologies, which in many cases cover tools and equipment developed
in one country but manufactured and run in another country (or countries).

It may simply involve a discussion of when and where to seek protection. For
example, one route we take with SMEs is to use the International Patent System,
often called the PCT route after the Patent Co-operation Treaty which
established it. This means a single patent application can be filed which covers
more than 130 territories around the world, giving a company 18 months to decide
whether to go ahead with seeking protection in any specific countries.

The list of countries signed up to the PCT has grown over the years and now
includes the likes of Saudi Arabia, a hub of oil and gas activity where patents
previously had to be applied for separately, involving additional costs. This
international approach benefits clients by allowing them to keep their options
open as to where they will ultimately try to obtain protection and also keeps
their competitors guessing.

Our work with a number of clients based in Aberdeen, around Scotland and around
the world has shown how important it is to develop a strategy for capturing new
developments if you are going to build your IP portfolio.

In the case of patents, this may come simply from recognising that they need not
always be sought for inventions that represent a major leap forward. More often,
the key to developing a patent portfolio is to capture and protect incremental
improvements to existing technology which might otherwise be overlooked but
which nevertheless provide a breadth of coverage. This makes it difficult for
competitors to get a foothold in and around a particular innovative technology
and can ensure that clients get the benefit from their investment.

o David Murray is a chartered patent attorney working in the cleantech,
mechanical and engineering sectors www.marks-clerk.com

SEE ALSO

o
{http://www.scotsman.com/the-scotsman/opinion/comment/friends-of-the-scotsman-in
vitation-from-the-editor-1-2943334 | More information on becoming a Friend of
the Scotsman | More information}

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              973 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      March 14, 2004 Sunday Final Edition

Texas Instruments' Rich Templeton has a new script for success: The chip maker's
wunderkind wants to revolutionize movie viewing

SOURCE: Bloomberg News

BYLINE: Jason Kelly

SECTION: Business; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 1161 words

DATELINE: San Francisco

Rich Templeton, who helped build Texas Instruments Inc. into the world's largest
maker of mobile-phone chips, now has his sights on Hollywood.

Templeton, who takes over from chief executive Thomas Engibous on May 1, is
planning to exploit what he says will be the next step in cinema: digital
movies. He's pitching Texas Instruments' digital light processing trademark
projectors and televisions to Hollywood studios such as Warner Bros. and theatre
chains including AMC Entertainment Inc.

"We will find the customers and give them what they want," Templeton said in an
interview last month at the company's Dallas headquarters. Engibous, 50, will
remain chairman.

Templeton, 45, wants digital light processing, or DLP, to be as ubiquitous as
Dolby surround sound in movie theatres. Texas Instruments is boasting that movie
projectors and televisions with DLP have longer lamp life and richer colours
than competing products such as plasma screens. The consumer electronics market
is estimated at more than $100 billion US this year in the U.S. alone, according
to the Consumer Electronics Association.

The push to consumer electronics will help Texas Instruments record its highest
quarterly sales in more than three years in the first quarter.

The company said rising demand for chips going into everything from cellphones
to digital televisions, projectors and cameras will boost sales to as much as
$2.95 billion.

"Their chips are showing up everywhere," said Matt Kelmon, who helps manage $500
million at Kelmoore Investment Co. in Palo Alto, Calif.

"I spend a lot of time going to Best Buy and I'm seeing them in more and more
products."

With DLP, Texas Instruments is harkening back to another consumer success.

Fourteen years ago the company popularized the graphing calculator, used for
calculus, that now dominates America's high schools. It's seeking to do the same
with DLP TVs and other products.

The electrical engineer is pushing his product in Tinseltown alongside Star Wars
director George Lucas and Steven Soderbergh, who created Ocean's Eleven, both of
whom are prodding studios to make and distribute more digital movies. Lucas's
1999 Star Wars movie, Episode 1: The Phantom Menace, was the first commercial
digital movie made.

More than 55 movies have been made in the format since then, Texas Instruments
said.

The position is an unlikely one for a company used to burying its chips in other
companies' products, Templeton said.

"We're a technology-oriented company and most of us are engineers," he said.
"Our customers in the cellphone business don't have an interest in our brand."

Texas Instruments is slapping the DLP logo on televisions and advertising
jointly with customers to increase its recognition. The logo was featured for
the first time in ads for Samsung Electronics Co. TVs. DLP projectors were used
at the Academy Awards earlier this month.

DLP was originally conceived for missile tracking systems in the 1970s and spent
two decades in Texas Instruments labs in various iterations, said Doug Darrow, a
DLP manager. One DLP projector designed for showing films already is used on 206
in movie screens worldwide.

DLP uses 1.3 million microscopic mirrors to reflect an image onto a screen. Each
mirror is less than one-fifth the width of a human hair.

Another Templeton project is digital cameras, which outsold film cameras for the
first time last year. Seven of the 10 biggest digital camera makers use Texas
Instruments' chips, said David Pahl, manager of its imaging business, in a
February interview.

Templeton and Engibous have worked together for more than a decade. Engibous
announced his intention to give Templeton the CEO job on Jan. 15. The company
named Templeton as a director last July and Engibous tapped him to run
day-to-day operations in 2000.

Profit this quarter will be 19 cents a share to 22 cents a share on sales of
$2.84 billion to $2.95 billion, Texas Instruments said last week. The company
had predicted profit as low as 16 cents and sales of as little as $2.72 billion.

Analysts expected 19 cents and $2.85 billion, the average estimates in a Thomson
Financial survey.

Mobile-phone chips have led growth. Templeton downplayed Intel's contention that
phones are becoming computers that need a Pentium's processing power to run the
applications.

Intel has spent more than $1 billion on acquisitions and research to create its
wireless business.

"At the end of the day, people are most concerned about whether their phones are
good at being phones and whether the other applications are also easy to use,"
Templeton said.

Engibous, who closed or sold 14 units that made items from computer printers to
memory chips, focused on the digital signal processor chips that act as the
brains of cellphones.

Devices such as DVD players, stereos and digital televisions increasingly rely
on semiconductors that perform those conversion functions and also share music,
movies and data with other machines in the home without adding more cables,
Templeton said.

"There's a natural market for DSPs in consumer electronics," said Greg Barlage,
who helps manage $7.5 billion at Stein Roe Investment Counsel in San Francisco.
The firm owns Texas Instruments shares.

"The mindshare they have for DSPs can carry them a long way in terms of getting
in the door with customers."

Templeton, an engineer from Poughkeepsie, N,Y., chose a job in Texas
Instruments' sales-training program in 1980 over offers from International
Business Machines Corp. and Digital Equipment Corp. His arrival in Dallas marked
his first visit to Texas.

He was recruited into the microprocessor group less than two years later. The
unit had lost sales to Intel and laboured in the shadow of more-successful units
that filled U.S. Department of Defense contracts and sold scientific
calculators, according to Templeton and other executives.

Mentor Graphics Corp. CEO Walden Rhines, 57, who then ran Texas Instruments'
microprocessor group, lobbied to steal Templeton.

He remembers a call he got a decade later from Templeton's supervisor, who said
Templeton was his future boss and told Rhines: "He might be your boss, too."

Templeton isn't the only one chasing consumers. Intel showed a chip named LCOS
in January at a trade show in Las Vegas and sees consumer electronics as a way
to diversify sales.

That has Templeton pushing some marketing changes at Texas Instruments.
Customers such as Nokia Oyj don't put its logos on their phones, but Samsung
Electronics Co.'s TVs with the chips do. Templeton can't afford to let his guard
slip in cellphones either, investors said.

"Intel's always there, and sooner or later they will get it right" on
mobile-phone chips, said Brett Crawford, who helps manage $5.5 billion,
including Texas Instruments and Intel shares at Mesirow Financial in Chicago.

"Templeton's just got to hope it doesn't happen on his watch."

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Bloomberg News; Rich Templeton is planning to exploit what he
says will be the next step in cinema: digital movies.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              974 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

New York: SAG-AFTRA Members Call for Fair Pay with Delivery Action at Droga5
Headquarters

LENGTH: 516  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Screen Actors Guild has issued the following news release:



 Sending a strong signal to ad industry leaders and the entire entertainment
community, SAG-AFTRA members and supporters gathered today to call on Droga5, a
leading digital ad producer with headquarters on Wall Street, to stand by its
self-described "humanity-obsessed" values and stop undermining the industry
standards that ensure commercial performers can earn a middle-class living.
Despite repeated requests, Droga5 representatives refused to accept the petition
or discuss the union's deep concerns.





 "SAG-AFTRA went to Droga5 today and stood up to agencies that exploit
performers by continuing the destructive practice of unfair pay," said SAG-AFTRA
National Executive Director David White. "This event demonstrates the strength
wielded by our members' united voice and the union's dedication to all
performers who seek an acting career. There is no place in the growing,
lucrative advertising industry for companies that undermine performer rights in
the name of profit, and we'll continue to fight for fair wages, working
conditions and benefits for all actors."



 "SAG-AFTRA members simply went to drop off 8,000 petition names and talk with
Droga5 today," said SAG-AFTRA New York Local President Mike Hodge, who led the
event. "Instead of coming downstairs and looking us in the eye, Droga5 wouldn't
accept the petition and the police were called. Today's action shows Droga5
we're not going away quietly and reminds them that treating hard-working
performers in an equitable fashion and allowing them to earn a middle-class
living is the right thing to do."



 Armed with a petition signed by more than 8,000 SAG-AFTRA members and allies,
union officers and members arrived at Droga5's offices in lower Manhattan
demanding the digital ad agency pay fair wages and benefits to the performers
hired for its productions. Droga5's current practice of paying actors
substandard wages without benefits is unfair and exploits the often-struggling
performers who take the jobs.



 The petition delivery is just the latest piece in an ongoing initiative
directed at the digital advertising industry. Today, SAG-AFTRA launched a
digital takeover on The Hollywood Reporter, Variety, Ad Week and Advertising Age
websites to raise awareness of the unfair pay, no benefits and exploitation by
Droga5 and other agencies. The digital takeover will be followed by full-page
color print ads in several industry trade publications.



 SAG-AFTRA is also running a social media campaign on the issue, using the
hashtag #AdsGoUnion on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook, which includes a variety
of creative memes to rally its members and other allies to sign the petition.
The social media campaign has already reached over one million impressions
across the union's handles and comes on the heels of SAG-AFTRA members recording
hundreds of voicemail messages that express hopeful interest in working with
Droga5 in the future.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              975 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 27, 2016 Sunday
                               SUN SCENE Edition

"Rise and Fire" gets a jump on everyone on shot's significance

BYLINE: Aram Goudsouzian

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8E

LENGTH: 690 words


"I think the jump shot is the worst thing that has happened to basketball in 10
years," griped Bob Cousy, one month before his retirement in 1963. The Boston
Celtics guard was not your typical traditionalist his fancy dribbling and
passing violated the principles of every basketball manual ever written.
Moreover, he played alongside Bill Sharman and Sam Jones, two of the greatest
jump shooters of his time.

Still, Cousy preferred the two hand set shot, which caused fewer mistakes. His
complaint revealed the jumper as an emerging innovation, with profound
implications for how we play and watch basketball. In "Rise and Fire,"
journalist Shawn Fury tells the story of the jump shot, providing an
enthusiastic and entertaining romp through basketball history.

No single person invented the jump shot. In the 1930s, a few sporting rebels
around the country experimented with the technique. During World War II,
military service brought together men from different regions, exposing the shot
to more players. The Marine Corps team starred Kenny Sailors and Jumpin' Joe
Fulks, who would become two of the greatest jump shooters in the professional
leagues of the late 1940s.

By the 1950s, practitioners of the shot were no longer considered pariahs or
outliers. NBA basketball was emerging as a major team sport, and jump shooters
such as Bob Pettit, Paul Arizin and George Yardley ranked among the league's top
scorers. The rise of 1960s superstars such as Jerry West and Oscar Robertson
reflected the jumper's enduring power, despite Cousy's grumpy declaration, and
the next wave of scorers, from the flashy Pete Maravich to the smooth Bob
McAdoo, came of age when the shot was already legitimate. Their high scoring
exploits in the 1970s shaped the game's style.

The NBA adopted the three point line in 1979, and the NCAA followed suit in
1986. "Because of the three pointer," Fury writes, "the jump shot has completely
taken over basketball." It took some time to adapt. In the 1980s, the three
pointer was still something of a novelty, and great mid range shooters such as
Bernard King, Mark Aguirre and Alex English filled the scoring columns. Over
time, however, more teams oriented their offenses to exploit open three
pointers. Now, stars such as Stephen Curry are exploding our expectations of
what is possible on a basketball court. During the 2014 15 season, Curry sank
286 threes many off the dribble and with a hand in his face while his Golden
State Warriors rode the jump shot to an NBA title.

The author is a happy tour guide. He dives into dusty newspaper accounts,
relates tales from his cross country jaunts and sprinkles in autobiographical
tidbits. In one interesting diversion, he visits with professional shooting
coaches, exploring both the technical aspects and psychological tendencies of
great shooters. Like many of his subjects, Fury loves the pursuit of the perfect
shot. He exudes a romantic appreciation for basketball when he visits the gym
where "Hoosiers" was filmed, he bathes in the mythology of the movie's scrappy
underdog heroes.

The book's celebratory tone makes it fun, but there are moments when Fury might
have placed the evolution of the jump shot into a wider context. Many different
forces have altered the patterns of basketball. Coaches keep experimenting to
exploit opponents' weaknesses, and rule changes (such as the 24 second shot
clock) have adjusted the game's flow and spacing. Players, moreover, have
innovated in ways beyond the jumper. When defenders such as Bill Russell started
leaping to block shots, offenses needed to stretch out wider, and scorers such
as West needed to play more vertically. When dynamic dribblers penetrated into
the lane, it opened up space for shooters and as jump shooters launched from
deeper, it created new possibilities for high flying, rim shaking dunkers.

Ultimately, "Rise and Fire" is more about jump shooters than it is about jump
shots. It traces the shot's ascendancy through the eyes of the shooters
themselves as an individual pursuit, honed by stubborn and solitary practice.
That perspective explains both the book's charms and its limitations.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: During 2014-15 season, NBA star Stephen Curry sank 286 threes while his
Golden State Warriors rode the jump shot to a championship. Ezra Shaw, Getty
Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              976 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                January 9, 1995

UNIX systems exploited by security holes;
Hackers use automated process to break in; patches offer protection.

BYLINE: Gary H. Anthes; CW staff

SECTION: NETWRK'G; Pg. 57

LENGTH: 609 words


An increase in the use of automated hacking tools and users' failure to apply
known software fixes are sharply boosting Unix systems break-ins.

Recently, the Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT) at Carnegie Mellon
University in Pittsburgh sent an alert over the Internet warning users of
increased exploitation of security holes in Unix's Network File System (NFS).
The advisory outlined a number of precautions and software "patches" that users
can employ to protect their Unix hosts (see chart page 61).

The alert said tools used by intruders to exploit NFS vulnerabilities are widely
available. Their impact varies, but, in the worst case, intruders can use them
to gain unauthorized root access from a remote host.

Hackers script

"People are starting to take advantage of these problems more than in the past,"
said Rik Farrow, an Internet security consultant in Sedona, Ariz. "Someone
figures out how to do it, then he codifies it into what's called an 'exploit
script.' They are automating the process."

Farrow said many users face risks from Unix "portmapper" programs where remote
procedure call services are registered. Using a method called proxy access,
hackers can trick some portmappers into granting a request to get into a host's
NFS as though the request is coming from a local source, effectively bypassing
the built-in security filters that block access to NFS from the outside.

Blocking attacks

The CERT advisory told users where to get a portmapper that disallows proxy
access and also advised the use of firewalls, which can block threatening IP
traffic.

"The use of firewalls to protect against attacks from outside the corporate
network is quite common for sites connecting to the Internet," said Saqib Jang,
a security specialist at SunSoft, Inc. in Mountain View, Calif. "However,
deployment of portmapper fixes to address attacks from inside the company is
less common except among early adopters and security-conscious customers."

Jang said some companies are beginning to use firewalls to create internal
network domains with varying levels of security. For example, SunSoft's
FireWall-1 package can protect against attacks from lower security domains
within the company network, he said.

While some users bemoan the security holes in Unix, security experts say users
are often to blame for their woes. "Years ago people used to say that most
break-ins were the result of bad passwords," said John Wack, a computer
scientist and security specialist at the National Institute of Standards and
Technology. "Now [the leading cause] is the failure to apply known [software]
patches."

However, Wack said getting and installing all the needed patches in a timely way
is not easy, especially for those who are not Unix wizards.

"People are sometimes reluctant to make changes for fear they'll mess up
something and the systems won't work anymore," said L. Dain Gary, operations
manager at the CERT Coordination Center. Gary said new tools that aid
productivity also may make security more difficult by masking flaws.

But one user sounded a guardedly optimistic note about the computer security
war. "The good guys are catching up, but the bad guys are still winning," said
Dave Curry, manager of the Unix Systems Programming Group for Purdue
University's Engineering Computer Network. "Part of the problem is there are so
many of them and there are so many hosts to police."

"Years ago people used to say that most break-ins were the result of bad
passwords.  Not [the leading cause] is the failure to apply know [software]
patches."-John Wack, National Institute of Standards and Technology


LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: chart,Recommended NFS security measures,source:CERT Coordination
Center, Software Engineering Institute, Cargenie Mellon University, Pittsburgh

                       Copyright 1995 Computerworld, Inc.

                              977 of 999 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright 2015 Business Monitor International Ltd., All
                                Rights Reserved


                        Multinational Companies Database

                                October 17, 2015

                          Exploit Technologies Pte Ltd

                                 #09-02, Matrix
                               30 Biopolis Street
                                Singapore 138671
                                   Singapore

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
E-MAIL: tech-offer@etpl.sg

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

EMPLOYEE BAND:  50-99 (Estimated)

COMPANY TYPE:  Country HQ
NATIONALITIES:  Singapore

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

NAME, TITLE               DEPARTMENT                 E-MAIL
Mr Christopher Yu, Svp    General Management         EMAIL: sharonlow@exploit
                                                     -tech.com
Ms Sarah Chan, Business   Business Development       EMAIL: sarahchan@exploit
Development Manager                                  -tech.com

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
ETPL is the technology transfer arm of the Agency for Science, Technology and
Research (A*STAR) in Singapore. Our charter is to support A*STAR in delivering
economic growth to Singapore through commercializing promising technologies from
its research institutes.

PRIMARY INDUSTRY:  IT/Computers/Software

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

                              978 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  June 17, 2004 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

CROSBY'S EXPLOITS PROVIDE THRILL TO EX-BIG-LEAGUER DAD

BYLINE: LAURENCE MIEDEMA, Mercury News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 415 words

DATELINE: ST. LOUIS


A's rookie shortstop Bobby Crosby's first career 4-for-4 game on Tuesday was
even more memorable because it came on the same field his father, Ed, called
home as an infielder with the St. Louis Cardinals in 1970-73.

"It's awesome and kind of weird playing in the same spot my dad did," Crosby
said Wednesday. "It's a trip to me."

Crosby, 24, born a year after his father retired, compared notes with his father
about their Busch Stadium exploits by telephone Tuesday night. Crosby said his
dad, a career .220 hitter, never had more than three hits in a game at the
ballpark.

"He brought it up, he said I upstaged him," Crosby said. "He loves it."

After Tuesday, Crosby had 18 hits in his past 38 at-bats to raise hisaverage to
a season-high .273. He was 0 for 3 Wednesday, leaving him at .269.

Overall, this trip has been eventful for Crosby. Wednesday he batted fifth for
the first time this season and, in a vote by his teammates, was named the team's
union representative. Pitcher Rich Harden is the alternate.

"It was unanimous," Crosby said, shaking his head in mock disbelief. "I don't
have enough to worry about and they spring that on me, too."

* Kansas City Royals General Manager Allard Baird and former Royals scouting
director Art Stewart are in Sacramento this week to watch the Triple-A
Rivercats, fueling speculation the A's might be in the Carlos Beltran trading
sweepstakes.

The Royals almost certainly will deal the center fielder, who will be a free
agent after this season, before the July 31 trade deadline and A's G.M. Billy
Beane and Baird are established trading partners.

Two A's officials on Wednesday said no deal is imminent but acknowledged the
teams keep in semi-regular contact.

Baird said recently that he is seeking a young third baseman and a catcher for
Beltran, and the A's are deep in both positions. Third baseman Mark Teahen
(recently promoted to Sacramento after batting .335 with six homers and 36 RBIs
at Double-A Midland) is one of the A's top prospects and catchers John Baker and
Casey Myers are promising hitters.

* Third baseman Eric Chavez today will have a third X-ray taken of his broken
right hand. The training staff is waiting for the formation of a callus around
the break before Chavez will be cleared to begin gripping a bat and throwing. An
X-ray last week showed no sign of a callus.

* Left-handed reliever Chris Hammond was unavailable for the second consecutive
game because of a tight left shoulder.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: A'S NOTEBOOK

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: Bobby Crosby

                     Copyright 2004 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              979 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 12, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

N.C.A.A. TOURNAMENT: SOUTH -- Stunning for Carolina; Simple for St. John's;
Red Storm Exploits Jitters by Samford

BYLINE: By JUDY BATTISTA

SECTION: Section D; Page 1; Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 908 words

DATELINE: ORLANDO, Fla., March 11


It began with two air balls on free throws. And then things got really
unsightly.

With the help of Samford's case of first-time tournament jitters, St. John's
cruised to a 69-43 victory over the Bulldogs in the first round of the National
Collegiate Athletic Association tournament tonight. The Red Storm, seeded third
in the South Regional, scored the first 13 points while 14th-seeded Samford
flailed away fruitlessly from behind the 3-point arc, unable to run the
intricate backdoor cuts that are the backbone of the Princeton offense it
showcases.

Samford, from the Trans America Athletic Conference, went scoreless for 8
minutes 26 seconds to start the game as the Bulldogs missed their first eight
shots, seven of which were 3-pointers. Samford made just 7 of 33 3-point
attempts over all. The drought's signature moment came less than two minutes
into the game, when Boyd Kaiser was fouled by Bootsy Thornton and headed to the
free-throw line. Disaster struck Kaiser as he missed the rim entirely on both
shots and the boisterous Samford contingent, which stood for the entire first
half, groaned. Samford shot just 25 percent from the field.

"The story of this game is not Kafkaesque," Samford Coach Jimmy Tillette said.
"It's not a good idea to let the opponent score the first 13 points and you not
score 12. We were nervous from the beginning."

Samford guard Mario Lopez said: "We were very nervous and we were completely out
of sync. I've never seen us shoot like that. When we got open looks, we didn't
make shots, and the times we did get backdoor we didn't finish around the goal."

The only suspense of this game -- other than when the broadcast would switch to
another region -- was whether the Bulldogs would break the 20-point barrier
before halftime. They did, at 33-20, when Reed Rawlings (14 points), Samford's
best player, grabbed a long offensive rebound and lofted a jumper as the
halftime buzzer sounded. It was Samford's only non-3-point field goal of the
half.

St. John's defense made a complex offense seem ridiculously simple. With its
ability to switch on defense to avoid mismatches, the Red Storm (26-8) denied
Samford any opportunity to try layups.

Samford did not attempt one for the entire first half and had just two in the
game. Nerves took care of the rest until late in the first half, when Samford
finally settled into a rhythm behind Marc Sal-yers (11 points), who hit the
3-pointer that ended the shutout. St. John's players credited the scouting tape
the coaches had prepared, saying it showed them who would try to make the cuts.

"We tried to do to this team what Connecticut did to us," Erick Barkley said,
referring to the bludgeoning St. John's took from the Huskies in the final of
the Big East tournament last Saturday.

As lopsided as the score was, it could have been much worse if St. John's had
been able to finish even a handful of its dozens of scoring opportunities close
to the basket -- and that could be a cause for concern going into a second-round
game Saturday with Indiana, which beat George Washington in the second game
tonight.

St. John's shot just 42.3 percent from the field in the first half and 48
percent for the game. Although four players finished in double figures -- Ron
Artest (17 points), Lavor Postell (14), Bootsy Thornton (13) and Barkley (11) --
Coach Mike Jarvis conceded that he and his team were disappointed when, during
an early timeout, their lead was not bigger.

"You're very glad to be up and yet you realize when you're playing against a
team as dangerous and proficient at the 3 as they are, 11 is nice, but it's not
much," Jarvis said. "I really felt, because we had missed good opportunities, it
could have been bigger."

That type of sloppy game -- the Red Storm also committed 18 turnovers -- will
not get the team much further in this tournament, as the talent level increases
exponentially with each round.

Thornton said the misses were merely the result of the players' needing to get
used to their new surroundings, to the feel of the ball and the angle of the
backboards. But Indiana is far superior in talent and experience to Samford and
will be more capable of exploiting the Red Storm's lack of sharpness if it
reappears.

"As you go on, the games get harder," Artest said. "Saturday is going to be a
war because people want to be in the Sweet 16."

INDIANA 108, G.W.U. 88 In the highest-scoring game in their storied post-season
history, the sixth-seeded Hoosiers showed off unselfish offense and tough
man-to-man defense to beat George Washington.

The freshman Kirk Haston scored 27 points despite playing with a broken left
hand, and A. J. Guyton -- with help all over the court -- slowed down
5-foot-4-inch Shawnta Rogers, the Atlantic 10 player of the year. Rogers scored
28 points, though he shot 10 for 31 to do it.

The Hoosiers (23-10) had lost five of their last six tournament games, but this
performance brought back memories of better days when Coach Bobby Knight led
them to three N.C.A.A. championships.

In fact, this was even better than usual for them. Indiana broke the school
scoring record in the tournament, set in a 107-90 victory over Auburn on its way
to the 1987 title.

Indiana, which had not played George Washington since 1941, won despite losing
the starting center Larry Richardson to back spasms early in the first half.

The Hoosiers are 42-20 over all under Knight in the tournament.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Lavor Postell trying to put up a shot against Corey Green in
St. John's easy first-round victory over Samford last night in Orlando, Fla.
(Barton Silverman/The New York Times)(pg. D1); St. John's Bootsy Thornton, who
scored 13 points last night, could not contain his joy at the end of the game as
the Red Storm routed Samford. (Barton Silverman/The New York Times)(pg. D5)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                              980 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

AEPONYX INC. (California) applies for US Patent titled as "METHODS AND SYSTEM
FOR WAVELENGTH TUNABLE OPTICAL COMPONENTS AND SUB-SYSTEMS"

LENGTH: 292 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170017042 for US Patent, published on January 19, 2017, by
AEPONYX INC. (California), titled as "METHODS AND SYSTEM FOR WAVELENGTH TUNABLE
OPTICAL COMPONENTS AND SUB-SYSTEMS"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: MENARD; FRANCOIS; (TROIS-RIVIERES, CA) ; MENARD; MICHAEL; (VERDUN,
CA) ; NABKI; FREDERIC; (MONTREAL, CA) ; BERARD; MARTIN; (REPENTIGNY, CA)

Applicant: AEPONYX INC.   REPENTIGNY    CA (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Wavelength division multiplexing (WDM) has enabled telecommunication service
providers to fully exploit the transmission capacity of optical fibers. State of
the art systems in long-haul networks now have aggregated capacities of terabits
per second. Moreover, by providing multiple independent multi-gigabit channels,
WDM technologies offer service providers with a straight forward way to build
networks and expand networks to support multiple clients with different
requirements. In order to reduce costs, enhance network flexibility, reduce
spares, and provide re-configurability many service providers have migrated away
from fixed wavelength transmitters, receivers, and transceivers, to wavelength
tunable transmitters, receivers, and transceivers as well as wavelength
dependent add-drop multiplexer, space switches etc. However, to meet the
competing demands for improved performance, increased integration, reduced
footprint, reduced power consumption, increased flexibility, re-configurability,
and lower cost it is desirable to exploit/adopt are monolithic optical circuit
technologies, hybrid optoelectronic integration, and microelectromechanical
systems (MEMS)."


LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              981 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           February 6, 2016 Saturday

Sacramento Man Sentenced to 35 Years in Prison for Sex Trafficking

LENGTH: 619  words


SACRAMENTO, Calif.  Today U.S. District Judge Troy L. Nunley sentenced Percy
Love III, 34, of Sacramento, to 35 years in prison for five counts of sex
trafficking related to multiple victims, United States Attorney Benjamin B.
Wagner announced.

On December 23, 2014, after an 11-day trial, a federal jury found Love guilty of
three counts of sex trafficking by force and one count of sex trafficking of a
minor.

U.S. Attorney Wagner stated: This defendant forced his will upon weaker people
for profit using threats and violence. Percy Love should spend the next several
decades reflecting on how his abuse and humiliation of his victims has resulted
in a life behind bars. He is a dangerous predator and the sentence imposed today
will protect society from him.

This case was the product of an investigation by the FBIs Child Exploitation
Task Force, a multijurisdictional task force composed of representatives from
the FBI and the Sacramento Police Department, with assistance from the
Sacramento County District Attorneys Office. Assistant United States Attorneys
Michele Beckwith and Jason Hitt prosecuted the case.

Percy Love strategically preyed upon vulnerable young women and underage girls,
luring them into a cycle of exploitation, brutal violence, and intimidation for
his financial benefit. He exhibited complete disregard for the wellbeing of his
victims and the laws. Todays sentence will not erase the physical and emotional
scars Love inflicted upon his victims but it will offer them time to heal, said
Special Agent in Charge Monica M. Miller of the Federal Bureau of Investigation
Sacramento field office. Our Innocence Lost Task Force, which includes officers
from the Sacramento Police Department, is committed to identifying men and women
who exploit our communitys most vulnerable adults and children.

Sacramento Police Chief Sam Somers Jr. stated: Due to a coordinated effort of
various dedicated law enforcement detectives, this predator will no longer have
the opportunity to exploit or harm young women in our community. The conviction
of Mr. Love sends a strong, clear message that this type of criminal conduct
will not be tolerated in our communities.

Two victims appeared at the sentencing hearing and described the lasting impact
that the defendants crimes had on their lives. In sentencing the defendant,
Judge Nunley described the defendant as a gorilla pimp who had attempted to beat
the spirit out of his victims and, based on the trial evidence, earned every
year that he would serve in prison.

According to evidence produced at trial, Love targeted vulnerable young women
and underage girls to work as prostitutes for him since at least 2007. The
testimony of witnesses at trial, including the victims, revealed a pattern of
conduct where Love used charm to recruit and brute force to control the women
and girls who worked for him.

According to court documents, on July 22, 2013, Sacramento police officers were
called to a report of domestic violence and found Love asleep in the front seat
of a car with a woman, whose sister had called in the report. The woman
explained to officers that she was in a working relationship with Love. She
reported that Love had beaten her many times, and she had bruises and cigarette
burns on her hand, arm and stomach. Love was arrested that night for domestic
violence and possession of Ecstasy.

On September 12, 2013, a federal grand jury indicted Love, charging him with two
counts of sex trafficking by force, fraud, or coercion. After further
investigation revealed more victims, a superseding indictment was brought on
March 13, 2014. Love has been in custody since his arrest and represented
himself during trial. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              982 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            MAIL ON SUNDAY (London)

                            December 26, 2010 Sunday

WHY THERE'LL NEVER BE A PLAQUE TO THE TUTSHILL TORNADOES IN JK ROWLING'S
'HOMELAND'

BYLINE: BY NICK CRAVEN

LENGTH: 561 words


THE dramatic gorges and native woodlands of the Wye Valley where JK Rowling grew
up cast a lifelong spell on the multi-millionaire Harry Potter author.

Various landmarks are mentioned in her books and key scenes in the film
adaptations have been shot in the area. She even named a quidditch team Z The
Tutshill Tornadoes Z after Tutshill, near Chepstow, the village where she spent
many happy years as a child at Church Cottage.

But when locals sought to exploit their association with 45-year-old Rowling and
her characters to help draw more visitors to the area, they were met with an
abrupt refusal by her literary agents.

Now angry councillors in Monmouthshire have urged the Christopher Little agency
in London to reconsider Z pointing out that while there is a 6170 million Potter
theme park 3,000 miles away in Florida, the 'homeland' from which Rowling drew
much of her inspiration is left out in the cold.

Chepstow councillor Armand Watts said: 'J K Rowling lived here for a long time.
Why should you have to go to Orlando to see the Harry Potter theme park? Why not
come here and see a continual reference point to what is, if you like, the
homeland of Harry Potter on the Wye border?

'We wouldn't look to exploit the link in a distasteful way and both parties
could benefit from a more formal association. I don't know how much J K Rowling
has to do with this, and I'm sure the agents feel they're doing their job to the
best of their ability, but they need to reconsider their position.

'It would do a lot for this area if we could use the Potter connection.'

Joanne Kathleen Rowling was nine when her family moved to Tutshill, just across
the River Wye from Chepstow. The area certainly left its mark in the Harry
Potter books, the first of which was published in 1997.

So it was hardly surprising when Monmouthshire County Council asked to join
those capitalising on their links with the fictional boy wizard and his
real-life creator.

But unlike firms running unofficial Harry Potter 'location' tours in London,
Oxford, Gloucestershire and Edinburgh Z where Rowling wrote the books and now
lives Z Monmouthshire's principal tourism officer Nicola Smith did the
honourable thing and approached Rowling's agent, asking for permission.

'J K Rowling makes several references to this area in her Harry Potter books,'
she wrote, 'including the Knight Bus in Harry Potter And The Prisoner Of Azkaban
which stops in Abergavenny and the Tutshill Tornadoes, a quidditch team
mentioned in Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix.

'And in Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows, the forest pool Harry dives into
to retrieve Gryffindor's sword is in the Forest of Dean.

'We would love to promote the author's association with this area.'

But agents Christopher Little replied: 'Please note that J K Rowling is a
registered trademark and any use of J K Rowling's name is strictly controlled.
We are therefore unfortunately unable to grant permission for her name to be
used in association with the area.'

Last night a spokesman for Christopher Little said: 'We do not have anything
further to add to our letter to Monmouthshire County Council.

'With regard to "Harry Potter tours" Z those rights are with Warner Bros.'

snub: Emma Watson in the new film, set partly in the Forest of Dean where
Rowling, left, grew up

INSPIRATION: Church Cottage in Tutshill, where Rowling lived from nine

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2010 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              983 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Fenland Citizen

                            December 21, 2015 Monday

Pickled gardeners' brains!

LENGTH: 461  words


I do hope you are all enjoying reading the monthly muses of our apprentice,
telling of his exploits and discoveries as he starts his career in horticulture.

On the other hand, whereas I should know a little more about the working of our
plants, I discover more each week...

For example, we had a student trip to Cambridge University Botanic gardens.  I
know December may not seem the most obvious time for a visit, but gardens are
not all about bright colourful flowers.

In fact, it is at this time of year that we can appreciate the structure of the
garden, as well as shape and form of trees and shrubs - both evergreen and
deciduous.

The bark of the various birches (Betula species) was dramatic, from the
brilliant white of the Himalayan Birch to the brown shaggy bark of the River
birch.

But the highlight of the visit, for me at least, was finding a tree I had heard
about but never seen. Not a rare tree by any means, but simply one I had not,
knowingly at least, crossed paths with.

I had to ask at the entrance where I would find it, so with the location duly
marked with an x' on my map we set off.  We could easily have passed it by if we
had not been looking out for the windfall fruits dislodged by the weekend gales.

There they were.  A scattering of yellow citrus-like fruits which I think live
up to their most apt of common names: pickled gardeners' brains.

The unusual fruits are from the Maclura pomifera, a native American tree also
known by the less exciting common names of Osage Orange or hedge apple.

Originally found in Oklahoma, Texas and Arkansas, it is now distributed
throughout the United States, where it is often grown as a tough, cattle-proof
hedge due to its thorny stems.

The wood was once prized by Native American Indians who would travel many miles
to exploit it for bow making.  In early 19th century Arkansas, a good Osage bow
was apparently worth a horse and a blanket!

However, it is the fruits I wanted to see.  The trees are dioecious; that is
they have separate male and female trees.  The one at the Botanics is a female -
but will bear fruit even though there is no male about, although these are
therefore seedless.

The skin is bumpy and does resemble an orange (or a very small gardener's brain)
but is not a citrus, but is more closely related to mulberries and figs. The
fruit is known as a syncarp, a compound fruit, as the carpels (ovaries) have
grown together to form one large structure.

Fleshy fruits are developed for consumption by animals - and it appears that its
original natural distributors may have included mammoths and a now extinct giant
ground sloth.

Now it has to make do with horses!

n Manea School of Gardening (RHS Approved Centre)

www.maneaschoolofgardening.org

msog@btinternet.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MFCP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              984 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 31, 1990 Thursday

Oil alternatives   becoming vital   for U.S. deficit

BYLINE: ECON

LENGTH: 967 words

DATELINE: Houston TX


Economist
   HOUSTON
 The world is not running out of oil, but the United States is.

Consumption and dependence on imports will both soon pass the peaks
they reached in 1976.

Oil accounted for perhaps 40 per cent of the trade deficit in 1989, and
lobbyists representing everything from conservation to nuclear power are
happily predicting a new energy crisis in the 1990s.

If the current trend continues, the United States will have to buy
nearly two-thirds of its oil from abroad by the end of the century.

There is little it can do to increase domestic production. Opening the
Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska would help a little. But that is
unlikely to pass political muster after the Exxon Valdez oil spill.

The Valdez catastrophe also looms over President George Bush's imminent
decision on whether to sell offshore oil exploration leases in California
and Florida. Although offshore rigs have a relatively good pollution
record (blowouts account for 2 per cent of water pollution, tankers for 45
per cent), offshore drilling is deeply unpopular.

Mr. Bush, the politician, is unlikely to authorize it, except in a few
small areas.

Onshore, new oil discoveries will probably never again keep pace with
consumption: production is falling by about 6 per cent a year.

Yet the oil industry in Texas is booming again, for the first time
since the great bust of 1986. The rig count is up and towns such as
Pearsall in south Texas are full of speculators and wildcatters. Companies
are outbidding each other to move roughnecks from one rig to another. "
We're as busy as we've ever been," says one oil executive.

But get a group of them around a table in Houston and you will hear
little optimism. Why? One reason is simple enough: remaining reserves of
oil in the United States are expensive to extract, and they're not getting
cheaper.

Bill Hargett of North Central Oil Corp. says the reason for Pearsall's
boom is technological, just as the reason for Texas's first oil boom in
1901 was geological: after the discovery of Spindletop, everybody suddenly
realized salt domes were good places to look for oil.

Pearsall, about 100 kilometres south of San Antonio, sits on the Austin
Chalk formation, in which the oil hides in vertical cracks. To intercept
vertical cracks, it's necessary to drill horizontally and the technology
to do that is new - and 1 times as expensive as the old.

The United States simply does not have the untapped reserves left to
exploit. In Saudi Arabia, fields regarded as too small to exploit would
dwarf the biggest fields in Texas.

The only way for a Texas exploration company to grow, says Joel Empie
of Union Texas Petroleum Holdings Inc., is to go abroad.

Houston, like Detroit, is the victim of cheaper foreign competition -
with the difference that there is nothing it can do about it.

Not even if prices recover to $30 (U.S.) a barrel? Last time, says
George Alcorn of Alcorn Exploration, it was not $30 a barrel that caused a
speculative land boom in Texas, it was the promise of $75 a barrel.

This time, he predicts, the Saudis will keep oil prices low enough to
discourage alternative energies. Between a stagnant price and inflating
costs, exploration companies see only a squeeze ahead.

Mention gas to such people and a different glint appears in their eyes.
The gas industry could be on the brink of its own boom. Demand has grown
by about 5 per cent in each of the past three years and has passed
industrial oil demand for the first time.

Supply is keeping pace. In 1989, newly discovered reserves
approximately matched production, despite a low rig count - in marked
contrast to the oil picture. Nearly as many gas wells were drilled as oil
wells in 1989, compared with half as many in 1987.

There are huge reserves of gas in the Arkoma basin in Arkansas and
Oklahoma, in the Tide Formation in New Mexico and in pockets throughout
coal seams in the Rocky Mountains. They are all waiting for a better
price.

One-quarter of proved reserves of gas are offshore: the offshore-
drilling argument is increasingly about gas, not oil, especially off North
Carolina.

If the United States were magically to transform all its electricity
production and all its car engines to natural gas and methanol, the
economy's running costs would be lower, its pollution problems fewer, the
effects on global warming cut by a third and its trade deficit manageable.

So why doesn't it? Apart from the conversion costs, there are
disadvantages to gas. The principal one is unreliability. In a cold
winter, the pipelines are sometimes barely able to supply the market. It
was so cold in Texas last December that some gas wells in the Gulf of
Mexico almost froze.

There are two other things the United States can do to reduce its
reliance on foreign oil. One is to improve energy efficiency. If the
United States were to double the average mileage rates it expects from
cars, or double gasoline prices to encourage conservation, it could cut
foreign oil's proportion of consumption, at least for a while, to the
levels of the early 1980s.

The other is to look for other fuels for cars. Methanol, made from
natural gas and water, is the only clean fuel that can compete financially
with gasoline.

This month, the House of Representatives, debating its own version of
the Clean Air bill, came out with a similar proposal to the Senate's: that
"reformulated gasoline," probably containing ethanol, would become a
mandatory replacement for gasoline in the nine most polluted cities. The
oil industry has spent $1-million in the past few months fighting this.
Whether methanol or ethanol, made from corn, wins, there is little doubt
that oil's contribution to each gallon of gasoline will shrink by the end
of the decade.

The environmentalists are doing as much to head off an oil crunch by
encouraging clean fuel as they are to make it worse by opposing offshore
exploration.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1990 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              985 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Sunday Mail

                           November 21, 2010, Sunday

PERHAPS SAVED BEING PARALYSED ME FROM DEATH;
ADVENTURER KAREN REVEALS AWARDS PRIDE AND HER SOUTH POLE CHARITY TREK

BYLINE: SAMANTHA BOOTH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 38,39

LENGTH: 949 words


INCREDIBLE adventurer Karen Darke yesterday revealed her pride after her
exploits were recognised with a top achievement award.

Judges of the Vitalise awards chose Karen as their Woman of Achievement after a
record-breaking trek across the icecap of Greenland, sea kayaking the length of
Canada and climbing the kilometre-high precipice of El Capitan in America's
Yosemite National Park.

But what makes the 38-year-old's achievements all the more remarkable is the
fact that she is paralysed from the chest down after a horrific fall when she
was 21.

But she refuses to curb her outdoors exploits and insists the accident may have
saved her life.

Now Karen has her sights set on taking part in the hand-biking event at the 2012
Paralympics.

She also plans to use arm power to take her from the edge of the frozen
Antarctic to the South Pole - becoming the first person on a sit-ski to do so -
with the aim of raising pounds 1million to help disabled people.

Yet, when asked how it feels to be named as Woman of Achievement 2010, Karen,
based in Grantown-on-Spey, is quite nonplussed.

She said: "I usually get a bit embarrassed when I am given awards. I feel like I
am just getting on with life and that I am lucky I am able to do lots of things
I enjoy.

"I am also fortunate that I have friends and family who support me and, in my
mind, I know this sounds corny, the award is really for them.

"Maybe I am just a bit mad, which is why I do the things that I do."

Karen always loved extreme sports and being outdoors but her life changed for
ever 17 years ago when she fell during a routine rock-climbing trip near
Aberdeen.

She severed her spinal cord and suffered two broken arms, a broken neck and a
fractured skull.

At the age of just 21, she found herself paralysed from the chest down but,
typically, Karen is not one to look back with regret or recriminations. She
said: "It is not something I think about much any more.

"I do speak about it, I don't mind talking about it, but it was 17 years ago so
it is a bit boring to keep going on about it.

"I suspect that if I hadn't had my accident, I would still be doing a lot of the
same things that I do now.

"The chances are, in fact, if it hadn't happened, I would probably be dead by
now, swept to my death from some Himalayan mountain.

"So maybe being paralysed has actually kept me alive."

Karen recounts her struggle to readjust to life and find a way of living she
would enjoy in her book If You Fall.

That meant not only coming to terms with the fact she faced a future in a
wheelchair and on a catheter, she also needed to deal with a life without all
her old pursuits such as climbing, running and walking.

As soon as she could, she returned to Aberdeen University, completed a degree in
geology and got a job working for Shell.

She said: "I just decided to get on with things."

But Karen's idea of getting on with things involved taking up horse riding and
gliding and learning how to use a mono ski-bob.

She also completed the London marathon in her wheelchair.

Just three years after her accident, Karen toured the Outer Hebrides on a
handmade pedal tricycle.

A year later she undertook her first big adventure when she cycled through
central Asia, travelling more than 1000 miles from Kyrgyzstan across the Tien
Shan and Karakoram mountain ranges via China to Pakistan.

But the biggest mental challenge she has faced was climbing El Capitan with her
partner of four years, mountaineer Andy Kilpatrick.

Karen, who had to winch herself up on a pulley, said: "This was definitely the
biggest mental challenge for me because, even though I don't have any memories
of falling offa mountain, I think the body must remember in some way.

"It was a really tough one to crack - a bit of a trial.

"Physically, though, going across Greenland was really intense. We were out for
about 10 hours a day. It was hard going on my arms and I remember having moments
where I thought I simply could not go on but you just have to.

"Somehow you find it in yourself to keep going.

"But I would wake up in the morning and it would take about half an hour for my
hands to fully open because my tendons were so tight from gripping my ski
poles."

Despite experiencing such gruelling conditions, Karen is still pushing herself
and undertaking more challenges.

She can't wait to try the Antarctic trek on sit-ski, which has never been
attempted before.

She said: "The more we look into it, the more we realise why it has never been
done before. When you are paralysed, you can't regulate your body temperature,
which means you have a much higher risk of hypothermia and frostbite.

"The terrain is a bit unpredictable, too, so it will depend what the winter has
been like.

"There are lots of other challenges, including the bladder and bowel issues of
being paralysed, which are even more problematic than usual in the wilderness
and in temperatures of minus 50.

"You can understand why not many people have bothered in the past but I am
confident we will do it, especially if we get some good sponsorship."

When she is not organising her trip to the South Pole or training for the
Paralympics, Karen now has a career as a lifestyle coach and motivational
speaker.

Bizarrely, though, she says that when she first started giving talks, she never
revealed how she ended up in a wheelchair.

She said: "I never used to mention it because I wasn't really interested in what
happened.

"Feedback came saying that I really needed to in order to contextualise my
story. Otherwise, people were just left wondering.

"I really enjoy helping to inspire people. It is incredibly satisfying."

To find out more about Karen and her upcoming adventures, log on to
www.karendarke.com.

SUNDAY EMAIL reporters@sundaymail.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Inspiring: Karen gives motivational speeches about her adventures High
achiever: Karen winched herself up El Capitan in Yosemite National Park on a
pulley

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              986 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 14, 2002 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Great Evasion

BYLINE:  By PAUL KRUGMAN;  E-mail: krugman@nytimes.com

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; Editorial Desk; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 745 words


Last week Stanley Works, a Connecticut tool company, postponed its plan to evade
taxes by incorporating itself in Bermuda. The decision reflected pressure from
the White House, which denounced the move as unpatriotic in a time of national
emergency.

I am, of course, making that last part up. The shareholders' vote approving
Stanley's move was challenged by Connecticut officials; also, the company has
been put in the spotlight by David Cay Johnston, The New York Times's invaluable
tax reporter. But the Bush administration, always quick to question the
patriotism of anyone who gets in its way, has said nothing at all about Stanley
Works, and little about the growing number of U.S. corporations declaring
themselves foreign for tax purposes.

To be fair, the administration didn't create the loophole Stanley wants to
exploit. And it's not enough just to denounce corporations that exploit tax
loopholes; the real answer is to deny them the opportunity. Still, the
administration's silence is peculiar. What's going on?

The closest we have to an official statement on the issue of companies moving
offshore comes from the Treasury Department's chief of tax enforcement: "We may
need to rethink some of our international tax rules that were written 30 years
ago when our economy was very different and that now may be impeding the ability
of U.S. companies to compete internationally."

Unfortunately, that statement misrepresents the issue. For one thing, U.S.
companies don't necessarily pay higher taxes than their foreign counterparts;
Germany's corporate tax rate is significantly higher than ours, France's rate is
about the same, and Britain's is only marginally lower. Anyway, the Treasury
statement makes it sound as if we're losing revenue because U.S.-based companies
are moving their headquarters to lower-cost locations, or because they are
losing market share to foreign rivals. Neither proposition is true. In fact,
we're losing revenue because profitable U.S. companies are using fancy footwork
to avoid paying taxes.

By incorporating itself in Bermuda, a U.S.-based corporation can -- without
moving its headquarters or anything else -- shelter its overseas profits from
taxation. Better yet, the company can then establish "legal residence" in a
low-tax jurisdiction like Barbados, and arrange things so that its U.S.
operations are mysteriously unprofitable, while the mail drop in Barbados earns
money hand over fist. In other words, this isn't about competition; it's about
tax evasion.

The natural answer would seem to be to crack down on the evaders -- to find a
way to tax companies on the profits they really earn in the U.S., and prevent
them from using creative accounting to make the profits appear somewhere else.
It's hard, but not impossible.

But here's the key point: Administration officials don't want to help collect
the corporate profits tax. Unable to push major corporate tax breaks through
Congress, the administration has used whatever leeway it has to offer such
breaks without legislation. The Hill, a nonpartisan publication covering
Congressional affairs, recently reported on "a series of little-noticed
executive orders . . . that will provide corporations with billions of dollars
in tax relief without the consent of Congress."

And now the silence on Stanley becomes comprehensible. The administration
doesn't want to say outright that it's in favor of tax evasion; but it also
doesn't really want to collect the taxes. Better to say nothing at all.

The trouble is that hinting, even by silence, that it's O.K. not to pay taxes is
a dangerous game, because it can quickly grow into a major revenue loss.
Accountants and tax planners have taken the hint; they now believe that it's
safe to push the envelope. Tax receipts this year are falling far short of
expectations, even taking the recession into account; my bet is that it will
turn out that newly aggressive tax avoidance by corporations (and wealthy
individuals) is an important part of the story. And it will get worse next year.

Furthermore, what does it say to the nation when companies that are proud to
stay American are punished, while companies that are willing to fly a flag of
convenience are rewarded?

If the administration wants to eliminate the corporate profits tax, let's have a
real, open debate -- starting with an explanation of how the lost revenue will
be replaced in a time of severe budget deficits. Meanwhile, let's crack down on
tax evasion.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company

                              987 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

'Bash' computer bug could hit millions

LENGTH: 479  words


WASHINGTON-

The US government and technology experts warned Thursday of a vulnerability in
some computer-operating systems, including Apple's Mac OS, which could allow
widespread and serious attacks by hackers.

The flaw affects Unix-based operating systems" powered by Linux and Apple's Mac
OS, said the warning from the US Computer Emergency Readiness Team (CERT), part
of the Department of Homeland Security.

CERT said that if hackers exploit this they could take control of a PC:
Exploitation of this vulnerability may allow a remote attacker to execute
arbitrary code on an affected system."

The agency said a patch was available for the flaw, which is described by
security researchers as Bash" or Shellshock."

Some said the security hole would be more damaging than the Heartbleed" bug
which affected millions of computers worldwide earlier this year.

- Bigger than Heartbleed -

This is going to be much bigger than Heartbleed," said Rahul Kashyap, chief
security architect at Bromium Labs, a California-based security firm.

Kashyap said the Bash bug could affect millions of devices, from Web servers to
Macintosh computers to webcams and other devices which connect to the Internet
using open-source operating systems based on Linux.

Even though no exploit of the flaw was seen in the first hours since the
vulnerability was made public, Kashyap said he expected a huge impact in the
next few days."

Independent security consultant Graham Cluley agreed that if hackers create a
worm that exploits the flaw, it would, without question, make the Bash bug a
more serious threat than the Heartbleed OpenSSL bug that impacted many systems
earlier this year."

While Heartbleed allowed unauthorized parties to spy on computers, the
Shellshock Bash bug allows attackers to hijack computers, and use them for their
own purposes," Cluley said in a blog post.

The computer security firm Symantec said it regards this vulnerability as
critical, since Bash is widely used in Linux and Unix operating systems running
on Internet-connected computers, such as Web servers."

Symantec added in a statement: Businesses, in particular website owners, are
most at risk from this bug and should be aware that its exploitation may allow
access to their data and provide attackers with a foothold on their network."

The news comes months after a panic among some security experts over Heartbleed,
a flaw in a commonly used online platform for encrypted communications.

Internet users were advised to change passwords to online accounts or services,
but only after checking to make sure the Heartbleed flaw was fixed and new
certificates of online identity installed.

In the case of Bash, Kashyap said that users of computers and other devices
should look to patch their systems quickly when updates become available but
also cautioned to watch out for scams, which could be fake updates" to install
malware.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              988 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

2015 Cyberattack Threats Lurk For Stock Exchanges, Law Firms; Hospitals also a
target as cybercriminals eye electronic health data

BYLINE: MICHAEL PERRAULT

SECTION: FRONT PAGE NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1006 words


After a rough 2014, security experts predict the financial, retail, health care
and energy sectors will be top targets for cybercriminals in 2015 -- with more
firms taking out insurance against such attacks.

Other vulnerable areas that, if attacked, could wreak havoc include food
supplies, transportation and control systems that manage critical infrastructure
such as water, sewage and traffic lights.

Expect hackers to "pry open the Internet of Things" and follow the path of least
resistance as more devices are connected to networks, says network security firm
Fortinet. Attackers will exploit new loopholes to infiltrate high-profile
financial and retail computer systems.

ThreatStream, which helps companies understand the latest threat environment,
sees "breach insurance" becoming the new norm, particularly in retail,
restaurant chains and health care.

Small And Vulnerable

FireEye foresees more attacks on small and midsize businesses as larger
companies shore up defenses. FireEye cited an example of a New York mannequin
maker with 100 employees that lost $1.2 million when hackers stole online
banking credentials through a series of fraudulent wire transfers.

Hackers increasingly will target the legal sector, seeking intellectual
property, financial data and inside information on strategic business
initiatives of law firm clients, security experts say.

While a lot of media attention focuses on outside hacking, businesses often are
most vulnerable to inside attacks. Morgan Stanley disclosed Monday that it fired
an employee for stealing account data for about 900 wealth management clients,
briefly posting the information on Internet.

Reed Taussig, CEO of San Jose, Calif.-based ThreatMetrix, forecast last year
that cybercriminals would increasingly exploit passwords in major data breaches
in 2014, a prediction that came true.

"There are endless opportunities for hackers to steal personal information, and
that's not going to stop in the coming year," Taussig told IBD. "It's going to
get worse. I would venture to guess that in 2015, one of the world's major stock
exchanges may very well be compromised, which has the potential to result in
severe economic damage on a global basis."

Though no calamity of that magnitude surfaced last year, 2014 saw plenty of
attacks.

"Just this year (2014) in the U.S. alone, there have been 42 publicly reported
breaches of institutions comprising the banking, credit and financial industry,
in which 1,182,492 known records were exposed," Carl Leonard, principal security
analyst for Austin, Texas-based security firm Websense, told IBD.

To combat growing cyberattacks, Symantec and Intel Security's McAfee Labs in
September joined Fortinet and Palo Alto Networks as part of the newly formed
Cyber Threat Alliance to share information about fast-changing criminal tactics.

The industry knows it's critical to work together to prevent and be ready to
react to increasingly complex, multidimensional attacks, says Vincent Weafer,
senior vice president for McAfee.

"It's no longer enough to share and compare yesterday's malware," he said. "We
must match our adversaries' aggressive drive to innovate with our own deeper
commitment to collaborate."

Hospital Hackers

Cyberattacks against hospitals jumped 600% in the 10 months ending Aug. 31,
Websense said. That spike was partly due to a summer attack by Chinese hackers
on Franklin, Tenn.-based Community Health Systems. That affected 4.5 million
patients in 206 hospitals across 29 states.

As hospitals and other health care organizations shift to electronic medical
records, hackers want to exploit fledgling defenses to steal health care records
that hold "a treasure trove" of personal information that can be used in many
types of attacks and fraud, Leonard said.

The FBI's Cyber Division warns physicians that criminals are increasingly
targeting electronic health records that are then sold on the black market for
$50 or more per chart vs. less than $1 for credit card information.

As law enforcement and security company investigators collaborate to take down
cybercrime gangs in the financial sector, crooks have more reason to go further
underground.

Illicit underground "cybercrime marketplaces" are popping up where criminals
buy, sell and trade malicious software, William Noonan, deputy special agent in
charge of Secret Service cyberoperations, told the Senate Committee on Banking,
Housing and Urban Affairs during a Dec. 10 hearing titled "Cybersecurity:
Enhanced Coordination to Protect the Financial Sector."

Such marketplaces, some boasting 80,000 users, offer access to sensitive
networks, spamming services, payment card data, bank and brokerage account
information, hacking services and counterfeit identity documents, Noonan said.

Secret Service cybercrime investigations, focused on the financial sector, have
resulted in more than 5,940 arrests over the past five years associated with
$1.53 billion in fraud losses and prevention of $11.71 billion in potential
fraud losses, Noonan said at the hearing.

The Department of Homeland Security's Computer Emergency Readiness Team reported
there have been more than 220 hacking incidents at energy companies over the
past two years. The agency, along with the FBI, is sharing the latest threats at
classified meetings with energy providers and utilities in cities across the
country.

Symantec researchers say groups calling themselves "Dragonfly" or "Energetic
Bear" are among those that have compromised energy grid operators, electricity
generation firms, petroleum pipeline operators and industrial equipment
providers.

Regardless of industry, companies should set up multilayered security, with
defenses on the perimeter as well as inside to limit damage and increase the
amount of time the firm has to respond, says CyberArk CEO Udi Mokady.

"Once hackers gain access, it's almost like a Pac-Man," he said. "They take the
first bite and become stronger, bringing them to other areas of the network that
they continue to explore until they get the data they're looking for."

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              989 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           December 8, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Nokia exploits 'cloud' of BlackBerry lawsuit

BYLINE: Jason Kelly, Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 181  words


Nokia Oyj is betting BlackBerry addicts are looking for a new fix.

The world's largest mobile-phone maker is courting customers of

Research In Motion Ltd.'s BlackBerry for a combination phone and e-mail device,
coming out next quarter. The move exploits concern that the

service may be shut down in the U.S. amid a patent dispute.

"People are looking for some alternatives," Mary McDowell, a Nokia

senior vice-president, said in an interview in New York. The patent lawsuit has
"been a cloud over RIM."

Research In Motion, with about four million users, may be forced to shut down
service in the United States.

On Nov. 30, U.S. District Judge James Spencer in Richmond, Virginia, rejected a
$450-million settlement

between Research In Motion and NTP Inc., which claims the BlackBerry unfairly
uses its patents.

"Companies are going to be sensitive to all this going on, and there might be a
door for Nokia to come in," said Daniel Morgan, who helps

manage $5.45 billion, including Nokia shares, at Synovus Investment Advisors in
St. Petersburg, Florida. "It creates noise and it creates uncertainty."

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Nokia via Bloomberg news; Nokia Oyj's BlackBerry rival, the E61.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved

                              990 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            October 6, 2007 Saturday

Egyptian radio stresses the need for true desire in peace in peace conference

LENGTH: 397 words


[Summery of Egyptian radio commentary 6 Oct 07 by Ahmad al-Qasir: "Israel and
Washington's basic responsibility to guarantee the success of the international
peace meeting."]

The Egyptian radio says intensive diplomatic efforts continue at all
international and regional arenas to create the appropriate atmospheres to make
the proceedings of the international peace conference proposed by the USA
successful.

The radio poses the following questions: "Will the international peace meeting
actually achieve positive results regarding the peace process? Will Israel be
committed to the implementation of what will be agreed upon or will it exploit
the situation to its advantage and exploit the time element to empty the peace
process of its real content? Will US President Bush use leverage to render the
meeting, that may be the last chance to revive the peace process in the Middle
East, successful? What is behind the continuing meetings between the Palestinian
president and Israeli prime minister? Will these meetings succeed in reaching a
common formula or a document of principles that can be an agenda for the
anticipated peace conference?"

In an attempt to answer these questions, the radio says: "Unless there is
seriousness, commitment and true desire in peace on the part of Israel on the
grounds of international legitimacy, the Roadmap principles, Madrid terms of
reference and the Arab peace initiative, as all agree unanimously on the need
for establishing the independent state whose capital is Jerusalem, this meeting
will not be destined to succeed."

The radio urges the USA to "take a fair stand on both the Israel and Palestinian
sides in favour of the peace process. It hails US Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice's anticipated talks during her expected Middle East tour with both the
Israeli and Palestinian sides as "referring to Washington's true desire in
making the peace meeting successful, especially after Rice's latest pledge that
the meeting will be real and serious".

The radio stresses the need for taking prompt action to close Palestinian ranks
in the context of constitutional legitimacy and unite behind the Palestinian
president to support him, affirm the Palestinian people's real desire in just
peace with Israel and gain international support in favour of the Palestinian
issue.

Source: Arab Republic of Egypt Radio, Cairo, in Arabic 1245 gmt 6 Oct 07

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              991 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Western Daily Press

                                 March 20, 2004

Shoguns to exploit the absence of lock watson

SECTION: Sport; Rugby; Profes'lClubUnion; Pg. 88

LENGTH: 324 words


Bristol Shoguns will aim to exploit the absence of Wakefield's player-coach and
lynchpin Mike Watson when the Yorkshiremen visit the Memorial Stadium tomorrow.
Former Harlequins and London Scottish lock Watson may be 38, but he is widely
regarded as the main influence in the Wakefield pack.

And his absence through a broken hand has not gone unnoticed by Bristol head
coach Richard Hill.

Wakefield were trounced 54-0 at home by Exeter last weekend, but have been no
pushovers on the road, losing 11-7 at Plymouth and 17-11 at Pertemps Bees, and
winning 12-11 at Manchester on their last three away days.

"They held the Plymouth forwards and did well," said Hill. "I found that quite
strange - maybe they are an away side.

"But Watson is injured and he is the big lump in their pack. Wakefield may be
less organised with him missing." Bristol were impressive five-try victors at
Manchester last week, ending their own barren spell, while Wakefield have not
won in five matches.

And the Shoguns were 34-23 winners at Wakefield earlier this season.

Hill makes several changes to the back-line from the victory at Manchester, with
Greg Nicholls starting at scrum-half.

First-choice Paul Hodgson confirmed last week that he will be joining London
Irish - along with Shoguns prop Richard Skuse - in the summer, so Nicholls gets
a chance to impress.

Meanwhile, James Bailey, on the bench for England Under-21s last night, is named
on the wing in place of Victor Oniyide-Frampton, a try-scoring debutant last
week.

In the centre Sam Cox is back from a hamstring problem, and lines up alongside
Jon Hawker. Rob Higgitt is out with an arm injury.

Bristol Shoguns: S Marsden; J Bailey, J Hawker, S Cox, M Stanojevic; D Gray, G
Nicholls; A Clarke, S Nelson, D Hilton (capt), O Kohn, O Hodge, C Morgan, J El
Abd, R Martin-Redman. Reps: A Billig, M Hook, P Hodgson, W Thompson, N Clark, R
Hunt, M Styles.


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2004 2003WESTDP352shogu

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                      Copyright 2004 Bristol United Press

                              992 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            October 2, 1997 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Hollywood Love and Sex;
Previews - Pick of the Week

BYLINE: Fiona Scott-Norman

SECTION: GREEN GUIDE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 303 words


TONIGHT

Hollywood Love and Sex

Channel 7, 9.30pm

ACCORDING to its packaging, 'Hollywood Love and Sex' should be a dreadful piece
of titillating rubbish. It features interviews with Divine Brown and Jackie
Collins, the divulgences of various actors and segments on issues like
prostitution in Los Angeles (there's plenty of it), sex therapy and
performance-enhancement drugs, which give one 48-year-old man the sex life of a
17-year-old.

Somehow, however, this show manages to bypass the merely tawdry and elevate
itself to the status of social document.

From the first interview, where Burt Ward (Robin from the original 'Batman' TV
series) spills the beans about the outrageous sexual escapades he and Adam West
got up to, the program is mesmerising.

Whoever made this show is at the very least a sharp editor: this is glitzy,
ironic, really cleverly put-together stuff. Ward's boasts about sleeping with
10,000 women are intercut with grabs of camp footage from the series ("I think
Master Dick has put his finger on it"), Divine Brown's insistence on the
brilliance of her porn movie is layered over footage of it which

proves otherwise, and literally dozens of sexperts, B-grade celebrities and
media commentators have snappy comments sliced into the show.

'Hollywood Love and Sex' gets more heavyweight as it runs in. The sections on
Internet sex, phone sex and couples who swing are informative, revealing and
slightly tragic (check out the middle-aged woman doing needlepoint as she moans:
"Oh baby, that felt so good.")

The final, substantial piece on Larry Flynt (editor of Hustler) is just
fantastic. His daughter and others analyse him and Flynt sits there like a
malignant blob in his wheelchair smiling to himself: "I exploit women like
McDonald's exploits hamburger." This is a surprisingly quality and revealing
show.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Jackie Collins is one of the celebrities on the show.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1997 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              993 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 12, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

ARCHITECTURE VIEW;
For All the Star Power, a Mixed Performance

BYLINE: By Herbert Muschamp

SECTION: Section 2; Page 28; Column 1; Arts & Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 1111 words


A friend once joked that Woody Allen exploits New York architecture the way
other movie directors exploit women. Mr. Allen bathes the city's skyscrapers
with mood lighting and music, and the effect is as intoxicating as a dry
Manhattan served straight up. Alas, many architects also treat buildings like
starlets. They fail to grasp that an urban building has more important things to
do than stand there and look dreamy. It must also shoulder the serious job of
organizing urban space.

Like Woody Allen, the New York architect Frank Williams delights in the romance
of the city's skyline. Mr. Williams's design for Trump Palace, a new luxury
residential complex on Third Avenue at 68th Street, is a soaring tribute to
Irwin Chanin, a supreme stylist of Manhattan's Art Deco architecture. And it
provides a golden opportunity to compare Chanin's work with architecture today.

Chanin, a builder of Broadway theaters before he undertook tall buildings,
understood the fact that architecture is a performing art.  Chanin's two
twin-towered apartment buildings on Central Park West, the Majestic (1930) and
the Century (1932), are the ultimate in urban sophistication. The Chanin
Building (1928), an office structure at 42d Street and Lexington Avenue designed
by Sloane and Robertson, epitomized Chanin's vision of modern architecture as a
theatrical setting for a dynamic society.

Mr. Williams took a risk by invoking Irwin Chanin; he is asking to be judged by
the high standards Chanin set. The risk has produced mixed results: a building
that possesses star power but lacks a significant urban role.

On the positive side, Trump Palace's central tower, rising 54 stories from a
base of low-rise shops and town houses, is a skillful composition of brick and
glass. Shallow set-backs and the organization of windows and balconies into neat
horizontal and vertical bands compress the tower's mass into crystalline
contours. Corner windows, borrowed from the Century and the Majestic, adorn the
edges of the tower like faceted gems. Trump Palace is marred by tacky Art Deco
trim at street level, and its pink brick walls, glamorous from a distance, look
cheap up close. Provided you indulge these defects with a bit of soft focus,
however, Mr. Williams has created a distinctive object: a rose-colored prism
rising into the clouds.

But Chanin's greatness didn't depend solely on his talent for thrusting glamour
into the sky. It also arose from his ability to connect buildings to the city on
ground level. From the ornate lobby of the Chanin Building, for example, a
handsome staircase descends to the subway station at Grand Central, linking the
building's elevators to the terminal's railway network. Originally, the Chanin
Building was a terminal itself. Motorcoaches serving the outer boroughs pulled
into the building and swiveled around on a turntable, depositing passengers onto
one platform, receiving them from another. Foot traffic is still well served by
the shopping arcade that slices through the lobby floor, providing a superb
transition from the public space outdoors to the private offices upstairs.

These public amenities were not grudging concessions. They were integral to the
Chanin Building's drama. The building tells a story of New York as the legendary
beacon for immigrants. "City of Opportunity" is the title of the allegorical
panels, sculpted by Rene Chambellan, that adorn the Chanin's lobby. The series,
a blend of abstract and figurative design, depicts such values as Courage,
Vision and Success. In other words, the illuminated crown at the Chanin's summit
doesn't just glorify Success. It lights the pathways leading to it: trains,
buses, actions of mind and hand.

Trump Palace, by contrast, is long on Success and short on any Vision of the
public role urban buildings ought to play. Although a roadway also cuts through
the Palace, it is designed for private cars. The apartments above have many fine
details -- the eight-foot high doorways are truly grand -- but they are private
dwellings.

Of course, the Chanin Building is an office tower, Trump Palace a residential
one. Too bad, then, that Mr. Williams didn't pay more attention to the lessons
Chanin taught in his residential work. The Century and the Majestic are
distinguished by their strongly defined street walls, their adaptation of the
two-towered building type already prominent on Central Park West, and the adept
matching of their masses to adjacent buildings. These qualities led Diana
Agrest, author of "A Romance With the City," a monograph on Chanin, to rank his
apartment buildings among "the few examples of truly urban contextual
architecture for New York."

Trump Palace makes little effort to fit into its surroundings. It wants to stick
out on the skyline like a prima donna. So does the Chanin Building, but for good
reasons. Chanin gave it a high public profile because it performed an important
public role. Obviously, Mr. Williams is not to blame that Grand Central Terminal
isn't across the street, that cars have undermined public transit, that
civic-mindedness is out of fashion. But he has not taxed himself greatly to make
the best of his circumstances. The building shows no sign that he has addressed
one of the major questions facing urban architects: How can buildings help to
pierce the thickening wall between private amenity and public void?

Trump Palace's one concession to the public is a small plaza fronting on East
68th Street. It's a pleasant space; yet, like the low-rise town houses at the
tower's base, the plaza was a zoning requirement, imposed by forces outside the
architect's control. It shows no initiative, much less vision, on his part. One
feature at Trump Palace does display vision, but in a very restricted sense. It
is the large glass window set into the wall that separates the outdoor plaza
from the building's lobby. The window lets people look inside, but they can't
pass to the other side. If the window were an allegorical panel, its title would
be Exclusion. It says: look, but don't mingle. Keep your distance. Only
disconnect.

The truth is that Trump Palace is less an homage to the 20's and 30's than it is
a hangover from the 80's. That is its true period style. And the staggering
views from the apartments bring that period deliriously back to life. Gazing out
their windows, a visitor comes face to face with the soaring designer
skyscrapers of those gilded years, each tower trying to upstage the others like
sumptuously costumed guests at a charity ball. Trump Palace holds its head up
proudly in their motley midst. But now buildings will have to work harder to
earn their crowns.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Trump Palace -- Success but no vision. The Chanin Building --
Glamour in the sky and solid work on the ground. (Photographs by Jack
Manning/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company

                              994 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 26, 2002 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Hedging Learned at the Family Farm

BYLINE:  By DANNY HAKIM

SECTION: Section C; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 742 words


John Henry is a complicated man.

He owns a controlling interest in the Boston Red Sox and a small piece of the
New York Yankees.

For most people, this would be something of an existential crisis. Since the Sox
sold Babe Ruth to the Yankees in 1920, Boston stopped winning championships and
the Yankees started winning them and have not stopped.

The rules of baseball prohibit this sort of dual ownership, though there are
much bigger issues for Bud Selig, the baseball commissioner, to ponder, like the
possibility of a strike. But it seems appropriate for an investor who is often
betting in multiple directions.

Mr. Henry himself, a lifelong baseball fan, learned how to hedge against the
weather and price fluctuations when he took over his family's Arkansas farm at
age 25. He previously owned the Florida Marlins, which he sold last year to buy
the Red Sox. His Yankee stake preceded both those relationships. One of Mr.
Henry's minority partners in the purchase of the Red Sox was The New York Times
Company.

He said in an interview this week that he had had a deal in place to sell his
share of the Yankees to an unnamed party, but then accepted a competing bid from
the Yankees' management.

"We have a deal, we have a price, they just haven't sent me the money," he said.
"Maybe they're afraid I might spend some of it." As in, on free agents for the
Sox.

Maybe they should be worried, because Mr. Henry is one of the few major
investment managers making money right now. His John W. Henry & Company, an
investment fund group, based in Boca Raton, Fla., struggled during the bull
market, but is prospering again, with his funds appreciating sharply.

Mr. Henry, 52, a cerebral man with a head for mathematics, uses complex formulas
to trade futures contracts, which promise the delivery of assets like
commodities or stock indexes on a future date at a set price. Money managers
like Mr. Henry, also known as managed futures investors, follow trends in the
global market, looking for price discrepancies to exploit, be it changes in
currencies, grain prices or interest rates.

Mr. Henry talks about trading the way Yoda talks about the Force.

"The nature of markets is to trend," he once said, referring to his style of
investing, which he calls trend following. "The nature of life is to trend."

George Soros, once the world's largest hedge fund manager, exploits some of the
same trends Mr. Henry does, but with a more gut-driven approach. Managed futures
investing tends to be driven by computer formulas and quantitative analysis. Mr.
Henry's fund is also structured differently from a hedge fund and is available
to retail investors with as little as $5,000 to allocate, though skeptics
contend such funds are overly risky.

Part of Mr. Henry's philosophy is that trends course through the markets and
their wake can render what seems like a sure-fire stock pick useless, because
nothing operates in a vacuum.

"I've seen year after year, brilliant men buying low and selling high -- for a
while successfully -- and then going broke because they thought they understood
why a certain investment instrument had to perform in accordance with their
personal logic," he said in a speech in 2000.

By October of 2000, the fund group's assets had fallen from $2.4 billion to $1
billion in about 12 months, so Mr. Henry cut his fees and consolidated his
operations.

But in the last year, his style has returned to favor. His assets are back to
$1.4 billion. His largest fund, Strategic Allocation, is up 22 percent in the
last year and has gained 13.1 percent annually over the last five years,
compared with 3.7 percent for the S.& P. 500.

His most profitable trend this year has been the change in the direction of the
dollar against the euro. Since the euro's inception, American tourists have
enjoyed its weakness. But a variety of factors, from the terrorist attacks to
the limp United States economy to the bear market, have strengthened the euro
against the dollar. Last week, its value surpassed the dollar's for the first
time in more than two years.

"I began believing in March that we were going to have a major move in the
dollar, so we had some fairly big positions," Mr. Henry said. "We've been long
not just the euro but the British pound and the yen.

"When you're in this kind of situation, this decline in the stock market, you
have to hope this fund is working," he added. "That's what you're in it for.
This is a way to be diversified."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: John Henry owns a controlling stake in the Boston Red Sox and
runs a fund that uses complex formulas to trade futures contracts. (Associated
Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company

                              995 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                     XPRESS

                                 July 15, 2016

Beware of real-life Pokemon Go threats: TRA

LENGTH: 422 words


Telecommunications Regulatory Authority warns that criminals elements can
exploit the game

Image Credit: AFP

The UAE's Telecommunications Regulatory Authority (TRA) has warned that
criminals could exploit the popular Pokemon Go mobile game.

In a statement, the TRA warned that mobile games that request a user's
geographical location could be used by criminals to spy on people and lure them
to areas where they plan to attack them.

Mohamed Al Zarooni, the TRA's policy and programs department director, said:
"Some of these virtual reality games depend on new geo-positioning technology to
track the locations of users and tap into their smart phone cameras, which makes
the privacy of users open to predators.

"The TRA is warning all smart mobile and device users against using these
applications in sensitive private places to ensure that their privacy and safety
is secure."

Al Zarooni noted that virtual reality games can be entertaining and educational
if used in the proper way, as they can be used to discover and learn about new
places.

The TRA also cautioned that some of these games have not reached official
application stores in the UAE. It said it was studying all related effects,
dangers and exploitations related to these games and applications.

The warnings came at the same time as reports of a couple being threatened at
gunpoint while playing Pokemon Go in a town park south of Sydney, Australia.

Police there blamed the game for a wave of crimes, traffic violations and
complaints.

Two masked men carrying a rifle held up the couple who had gone to the park in
the small town Wednesday night to search for virtual "pocket monsters".

The wildly popular mobile app, which is based on a 1990s Nintendo game, has
created a global frenzy as players roam the real world looking for cartoon
monsters and was launched in Australia last week.

Separately two 17-year-olds were fined for playing the game while behind the
wheel in a Sydney suburb, two days after police in Western Australia state said
a patrol vehicle had to swerve to avoiding hitting a girl who was looking down
at her phone while playing the game.

"We turned round and spoke to her and she said she was addicted to the game,"
acting Sergeant Daniel Fitzgerald told Perth local newspaper group Community
News.

"Pokemon is dangerous," the police force tweeted after the incident.

The Los Angeles Times meanwhile reported that two men fell off a bluff while
playing the smartphone game in California, while another player was stabbed by
group of men in a park recently.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 58


                  Copyright 2016 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              996 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                             April 21, 2006 Friday
                          First with the news Edition

Fighter pilot's exploits turned into hit movie

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 100

LENGTH: 384  words


ROBERT SCOTT

Fighter pilot, author

Born: Georgia, April 12, 1908

Died: Georgia, February 27, 2006

RETIRED Brigadier General Robert L. Scott rose to prominence during World War II
as a fighter pilot in the China-Burma-India theatre, then as author of God Is My
Co-Pilot, an account of his wartime exploits.

He was born to Ola Burkhalter and Robert Lee Scott Sr, the oldest of three
children. He grew up and was educated in Macon, Georgia, and dreamed of being a
fighter pilot. At the age of 12, he flew a home-made glider off the roof of a
three-storey house and crash landed in a flowerbed.

He graduated from West Point as an Army Second Lieutenant in 1932 and completed
pilot training a year later.

Before the war, he commanded a pursuit squadron in Panama, then instructed other
pilots at bases in Texas and California.

He married Catherine Rix Green in 1934 and they had one daughter.

In March 1942 he volunteered for a secret mission and met the legendary
commander of the ''Flying Tigers'', Gen Claire Chennault who was leading a group
of volunteer fighter pilots battling the Japanese over the skies of China and
Burma. By October 1943, he had flown 388 combat missions, shot down 13 enemy
aircraft and had become one of the first US air aces of the war.

He was recalled to the United States and became a regular speaker at war bond
rallies across the nation.

During a speech in New York he met publisher Charles Scribner, who encouraged
him to write a book. Warner Brothers later bought the movie rights and God Is My
Co-Pilot became a sensation in the US. The book was a bestseller.

After the war he continued to lead fighter units in the US and overseas. He
retired from the military in 1957 with 36 years in uniform but continued
speaking and writing at least 11 more books.

He is survived by daughter Robin, four grandchildren, eight great-grandchildren
and two great-great-grandchildren. His wife died in 1972.

Readers' contributions are invited for consideration:
obituary@thecouriermail.com.au; or Obituary Editor, The Courier-Mail, GPO Box
130, Brisbane 4001. Material is accepted for publication on the condition that
Queensland Newspapers Pty Ltd, as publisher of The Courier-Mail, may edit and
has the right to, and license third parties to, reproduce in electronic form and
communicate this material.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              997 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             March 10, 2003 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Hackers: hold fire for the greater good

BYLINE: Rachel Lebihan

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 520 words


A visiting US security expert believes not all businesses should be alerted to
computer security flaws and the hacking community should ease off and give
vendors time to fix up the mess.

Data from Internet Security Systems shows that computer exploits (taking
advantage of flaws in systems and software), not viruses, are the bigger
security threat these days. The number of exploits has increased rapidly to
about 300 a month, whereas the number of viruses is declining equally fast.

Rules of disclosure give vendors about 30 days to find a fix for a vulnerability
before the wider public is alerted to the flaw. Alternatively, hackers sometimes
expose the flaw first and cause mass panic.

On a recent visit to Sydney, Oracle's chief security officer, Mary Ann Davidson,
expounded the theory of "responsible disclosure" and said hackers should give
vendors time to fix flaws before revealing them to the world.

"Blabbing to everyone if there is something nasty out there and there is no
defence against a theoretical attack is not responsible," Ms Davidson said.

Oracle has a team of "ethical hackers" on its books and works with other hackers
to minimise the impact of security flaws in its products.

The company's hackers tried to find problems before someone less ethical did, Ms
Davidson said. "They're remarkably adept at it and seem to take a fiendish
pleasure in it," she said.

The external hackers Oracle works with preferred to think of themselves as
"researchers", she said. They gave the company a chance to fix flaws rather than
exploiting them immediately just to get the credit.

"Sometimes the researchers who haven't worked with us before say `well, my
policy is to tell everyone on the internet within five days' ... I'm really
pretty straight with them and say `look, sometimes if vendors don't fix things
immediately it's not bad faith it's because we want to make sure everyone is
protected. We're trying to do the right thing here, work with me'," she said.

Ms Davidson said vendors should not be forced to tell the world about a flaw in
their system unless it was a widely used protocol, a controversial theory in
computer security circles. "If it's a protocol that everyone uses, then you need
to be a good corporate citizen and work with the larger community," she said.
But if it was just a company product, only customers who used it should be told.

She said a lot of vendors did not have policies for handling flaws and might not
notify their customers sneakily trying to slip fixes in instead. Others lumped
vulnerabilities together to make up artificial numbers. "We don't play that
game," Ms Davidson said.

The nasty secret in security is that no one really knows what it costs to patch
vulnerable systems. An estimated $US900 ($1467) per server and $US700 for a
client would soon add up if someone had 800 servers and two patches were
released weekly.

Some customers doubled their licence cost to secure products, Ms Davidson said.

"Anything we can do to avoid that anything hackers find, any better way we train
people, better coding standards it is all cost avoidance to us and to
customers," she said.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Oracle's Mary Ann Davidson defends not revealing system flaws.
Photo: TAMARA VONINSKI

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2003 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              998 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            October 16, 2006 Monday

Seminoles report card

BYLINE: Bob Thomas

SECTION: Pg. C-10

LENGTH: 209 words


OFFENSE

C

Piling up 478 yards, six offensive touchdowns and a half-dozen big plays would
be worth lauding if the opponent wasn't Duke. The Seminoles did exploit the Blue
Devils' blitzing defense with five TD passes, offsetting backup QB Xavier Lee's
three interceptions.

DEFENSE

C

A Lawrence Timmons fumble return for a TD, stuffing Duke's ground game (40
carries, 52 yards) and making three fourth-down stops were positives. Yielding
255 passing yards and 24 points to the Blue Devils were not.

SPECIAL TEAMS

C

Chris Davis returned a punt 51 yards to set up a TD, but he fumbled a return,
allowing Duke to score. Patrick Robinson returned a blocked PAT for a 2-point
conversion, but FSU's coverage teams were sloppy. At least Gary Cismesia was 7
of 7 on extra points.

INTANGIBLES

B

FSU's defensive coaches deserve credit for keeping their injured unit
respectable despite being held together with chewing gum and duct tape. The
offensive staff exploited Duke's blitz, but the clock-management woes continued.

SCOUTING THE OPPONENT

B

Fundamentally sound and physical, Boston College (5-1, 2-1) has FSU's complete
attention after beating Clemson and Virginia Tech. Eagles quarterback Matt Ryan
could exploit the Seminoles' vulnerable secondary.

Bob Thomas/The Times-Union

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union

                              999 of 999 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                           November 6, 2003, Thursday

IN MY OPINION (Column) Fires Light Up Tax Talk

BYLINE:  By JON COUPAL (The writer is an attorney, president of the Howard
Jarvis Taxpayers Association, and a member of Gov.-elect Arnold Schwarzenegger's
transition team.)

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 834 words


Shameless. That's the only word to describe the opportunists who are calling for
tax increases to pay for the horrendous damage inflicted by the Southern
California wildfires. Just as victims of this tragedy must be on the watch for
scam artists seeking to exploit their vulnerable situation, taxpayers must be on
the watch for unscrupulous politicians who will seek to exploit the fires to
advance their own tax-and-spend agendas.

It's not like this hasn't happened before. In the wake of both the Loma Prieta
earthquake and the Northridge earthquake, the siren song for tax increases was
heard loud and clear emanating from leading newspapers (with a few notable
exceptions) and left-of-center elected officials. Indeed, one editorial cartoon
showed a crushed car bearing the license plate "Prop 13" in the rubble of a
collapsed bridge. The implication was that all taxpayer protections must be
suspended or eliminated in the face of natural disasters.

??

But this thinking is so wrong for so many reasons. First, existing public
revenues are adequate to respond to the damage wrought in Southern California.
Second, raising taxes would have precisely the wrong impact on a state that is
struggling to emerge from economic doldrums.

By any measure, this tragedy inflicted several billion dollars worth of damage.
But few dispute that the lion's share of the cost will be paid from the
following sources: (1) federal government relief; (2) private insurance
proceeds; and (3) voluntary relief contributions.

But to the extent that tax revenues are needed for the cleanup and response,
won't local governments be on the hook? Wrong again. Governor Davis has issued
an order providing that the State of California will fully (100%) reimburse
local governments for their costs in fighting the fires. For this reason, we can
quickly rule out any excuse to suspend or repeal local taxpayer protections
including the venerable Proposition 13.

??

Tax-and-spenders are also seeking to exploit the situation as an excuse to keep
the car tax at its current high level. (Another recent political cartoon showed
firefighters with the words "car tax" on their uniforms). Again, this suggestion
is without foundation. To begin with, the car tax is not legally dedicated for
public safety purposes. Car tax proceeds are unrestricted, and local government
officials are not legally obligated to expend one cent of car tax proceeds for
public safety purposes. They engage in public safety scare tactics so that they
can divert money to their pet programs, programs whose funding would not likely
get voter support if higher taxes were required.

What could be a better example than San Diego, the site of some of the most
horrific fire damage? Not surprisingly, the political leadership of City of San
Diego is already making noises about a local tax increase to deal with the
situation. But isn't this the same city that pays the San Diego Chargers
millions of dollars for empty seats in the stadium? The fact is, our local
governments waste vast amounts of taxpayer dollars for overhead, pet projects,
redevelopment and some of the most generous compensation packages in the
country. Lack of real accountability is the problem - not lack of taxpayer
dollars.

Taxpayers would do well to recall Proposition 172, passed in 1993, which
provides local governments with an additional half-cent sales tax for public
safety purposes. As set forth in the ballot argument in support of Proposition
172, the tax proceeds would, among other things, provide "guaranteeing funds for
fire protection."

We therefore have to wonder why all the existing taxes that we pay to state and
local governments are not sufficient to provide adequate public safety services.
If politicians truly made public safety their first priority, there would be
adequate funds available to take care of public safety without having to resort
to Chicken Little cries demanding higher taxes.

??

Finally, there is the broader issue of the overall economic impact of any tax
increase. The nation's economy is beginning to recover and last week the feds
released some of the most encouraging economic news since the 1980s. Even
California is collecting higher revenues than anticipated. Indeed, the
brightening revenue situation allows Governor-Elect Schwarzenegger to keep his
car tax reduction promise and still meet local governments' demands for the
"backfill" that keeps them "whole."

California is faced with two choices. It can demonstrate real fiscal
responsibility by rejecting the calls for tax increases and let natural economic
growth and an enhanced business climate generate the revenue we need. Or, it can
continue with the tired old policies of the tax-and-spend crowd and use the
fires as an excuse to raise taxes. Fortunately for taxpayers, the voters of this
state answered this question on October 7. The old regime is over and the adults
now in charge are unlikely to even consider tax increases.




LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2003 Metropolitan News Company
