
                               1 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                October 17, 2005

UsersRush to Plug Microsofts Holes;
Fears of new worms, fast release of exploit code spur action by IT

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: NEWS - PAGE ONE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 676 words

The availability of code capable of exploiting a critical vulnerability in
Windows 2000 -- just one day after the flaw was disclosed as part of Microsoft
Corp.'s monthly security updates last Tuesday -- lent urgency to efforts by
ITmanagers to patch their systems as quickly as possible.

For instance, the American Red Cross, which in August saw traffic on its
networks become saturated by the Zotob worm, was already deploying Microsoft's
latest patches last week, according to Ron Baklarz, chief information security
officer at the Washington-based relief organization.

"We have dramatically improved our procedures to improve on our patch
implementation time," Baklarz said without elaborating. He added that the Red
Cross has also installed intrusion-prevention technology on "riskier segments"
of its network perimeter to provide additional protection against attacks.

Satish Ajmani, CIO of Santa Clara County in California, said the county
government was "aggressively" testing and deploying the patches from Microsoft.

"We are a very large and distributed organization, and we used to take several
days to roll out patches,"Ajmani said. But outbreaks such as the Zotob worm have
"heightened awareness and understanding"of the need for more-effective patching
strategies among county officials, he added.

Immunity Inc., a Miami-based security research firm, on Wednesday released a
proof-of-concept exploit taking advantage of a flaw in the Microsoft Distributed
Transaction Coordinator (MSDTC) service within Windows 2000. The flaw, which
some analysts described as being relatively easy to exploit, could allow
attackers to take complete administrative control of unprotected servers.

Justine Aitel, Immunity's CEO, said the firm was able to develop a workable
exploit of the flaw in just a few hours. Immunity released the exploit code to
members of its partner program, which includes vendors of security products such
as intrusion-detection and -prevention systems, so they could use the
information to update their tools to protect against the flaw.

In addition to the exploit code for the MSDTCvulnerability, Immunity has
developed proof-of-concept exploits for two of the other flaws that were
disclosed by Microsoft last week, Aitel said.

In an e-mail comment, a Microsoft spokeswoman said that the company knew about
the exploit code's availability. But, she added, the software vendor "is not
currently aware of active attacks that use this exploit code, or of customer
impact at this time."

Nonetheless, similar exploits of the MSDTCflaw could quickly become widely
available, said Neel Mehta, team leader of the X-Force research team at Internet
Security Systems Inc. in Atlanta.

"It's almost certain that other hackers are working on the same thing right
now,"Mehta said. He noted that apart from the relative ease with which the flaw
can be exploited, the vulnerability presents a tempting target for attackers
because the MSDTC service runs by default on Windows 2000 servers and can be
taken advantage of without users having to take any action.

Alfred Huger, senior director of engineering for Symantec Corp.'s security
response team, said his company hadn't received any reports of systems being
compromised via the MSDTCflaw as of Thursday. But he warned that the new
vulnerability presents the same kind of opportunity for malicious hackers that
led to the Zotob outbreak, which caused problems at several large companies.

Fenwick &West LLP managed to avoid getting hit by Zotob because its antivirus
software was effective at filtering out the worm, said Matt Kesner, chief
technology officer at the Mountain View, Calif.-based law firm.

Nonetheless, the firm has sped up its patching processes out of concerns about
similar outbreaks. IT staffers now hold a meeting "immediately after Microsoft
releases its patches" on the second Tuesday of each month, Kesner said. "Then we
try to test and get the patches out by Friday." Last week, the firm finished
deploying the new patches on Thursday night.  57539


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Computerworld, Inc.


                               2 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                October 17, 2005

UsersRush to Plug Microsofts Holes;
Fears of new worms, fast release of exploit code spur action by IT

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: NEWS - PAGE ONE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 676 words

The availability of code capable of exploiting a critical vulnerability in
Windows 2000 -- just one day after the flaw was disclosed as part of Microsoft
Corp.'s monthly security updates last Tuesday -- lent urgency to efforts by
ITmanagers to patch their systems as quickly as possible.

For instance, the American Red Cross, which in August saw traffic on its
networks become saturated by the Zotob worm, was already deploying Microsoft's
latest patches last week, according to Ron Baklarz, chief information security
officer at the Washington-based relief organization.

"We have dramatically improved our procedures to improve on our patch
implementation time," Baklarz said without elaborating. He added that the Red
Cross has also installed intrusion-prevention technology on "riskier segments"
of its network perimeter to provide additional protection against attacks.

Satish Ajmani, CIO of Santa Clara County in California, said the county
government was "aggressively" testing and deploying the patches from Microsoft.

"We are a very large and distributed organization, and we used to take several
days to roll out patches,"Ajmani said. But outbreaks such as the Zotob worm have
"heightened awareness and understanding"of the need for more-effective patching
strategies among county officials, he added.

Immunity Inc., a Miami-based security research firm, on Wednesday released a
proof-of-concept exploit taking advantage of a flaw in the Microsoft Distributed
Transaction Coordinator (MSDTC) service within Windows 2000. The flaw, which
some analysts described as being relatively easy to exploit, could allow
attackers to take complete administrative control of unprotected servers.

Justine Aitel, Immunity's CEO, said the firm was able to develop a workable
exploit of the flaw in just a few hours. Immunity released the exploit code to
members of its partner program, which includes vendors of security products such
as intrusion-detection and -prevention systems, so they could use the
information to update their tools to protect against the flaw.

In addition to the exploit code for the MSDTCvulnerability, Immunity has
developed proof-of-concept exploits for two of the other flaws that were
disclosed by Microsoft last week, Aitel said.

In an e-mail comment, a Microsoft spokeswoman said that the company knew about
the exploit code's availability. But, she added, the software vendor "is not
currently aware of active attacks that use this exploit code, or of customer
impact at this time."

Nonetheless, similar exploits of the MSDTCflaw could quickly become widely
available, said Neel Mehta, team leader of the X-Force research team at Internet
Security Systems Inc. in Atlanta.

"It's almost certain that other hackers are working on the same thing right
now,"Mehta said. He noted that apart from the relative ease with which the flaw
can be exploited, the vulnerability presents a tempting target for attackers
because the MSDTC service runs by default on Windows 2000 servers and can be
taken advantage of without users having to take any action.

Alfred Huger, senior director of engineering for Symantec Corp.'s security
response team, said his company hadn't received any reports of systems being
compromised via the MSDTCflaw as of Thursday. But he warned that the new
vulnerability presents the same kind of opportunity for malicious hackers that
led to the Zotob outbreak, which caused problems at several large companies.

Fenwick &West LLP managed to avoid getting hit by Zotob because its antivirus
software was effective at filtering out the worm, said Matt Kesner, chief
technology officer at the Mountain View, Calif.-based law firm.

Nonetheless, the firm has sped up its patching processes out of concerns about
similar outbreaks. IT staffers now hold a meeting "immediately after Microsoft
releases its patches" on the second Tuesday of each month, Kesner said. "Then we
try to test and get the patches out by Friday." Last week, the firm finished
deploying the new patches on Thursday night.  57539


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Computerworld, Inc.


                               3 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                October 17, 2005

UsersRush to Plug Microsofts Holes;
Fears of new worms, fast release of exploit code spur action by IT

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: NEWS - PAGE ONE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 676 words

The availability of code capable of exploiting a critical vulnerability in
Windows 2000 -- just one day after the flaw was disclosed as part of Microsoft
Corp.'s monthly security updates last Tuesday -- lent urgency to efforts by
ITmanagers to patch their systems as quickly as possible.

For instance, the American Red Cross, which in August saw traffic on its
networks become saturated by the Zotob worm, was already deploying Microsoft's
latest patches last week, according to Ron Baklarz, chief information security
officer at the Washington-based relief organization.

"We have dramatically improved our procedures to improve on our patch
implementation time," Baklarz said without elaborating. He added that the Red
Cross has also installed intrusion-prevention technology on "riskier segments"
of its network perimeter to provide additional protection against attacks.

Satish Ajmani, CIO of Santa Clara County in California, said the county
government was "aggressively" testing and deploying the patches from Microsoft.

"We are a very large and distributed organization, and we used to take several
days to roll out patches,"Ajmani said. But outbreaks such as the Zotob worm have
"heightened awareness and understanding"of the need for more-effective patching
strategies among county officials, he added.

Immunity Inc., a Miami-based security research firm, on Wednesday released a
proof-of-concept exploit taking advantage of a flaw in the Microsoft Distributed
Transaction Coordinator (MSDTC) service within Windows 2000. The flaw, which
some analysts described as being relatively easy to exploit, could allow
attackers to take complete administrative control of unprotected servers.

Justine Aitel, Immunity's CEO, said the firm was able to develop a workable
exploit of the flaw in just a few hours. Immunity released the exploit code to
members of its partner program, which includes vendors of security products such
as intrusion-detection and -prevention systems, so they could use the
information to update their tools to protect against the flaw.

In addition to the exploit code for the MSDTCvulnerability, Immunity has
developed proof-of-concept exploits for two of the other flaws that were
disclosed by Microsoft last week, Aitel said.

In an e-mail comment, a Microsoft spokeswoman said that the company knew about
the exploit code's availability. But, she added, the software vendor "is not
currently aware of active attacks that use this exploit code, or of customer
impact at this time."

Nonetheless, similar exploits of the MSDTCflaw could quickly become widely
available, said Neel Mehta, team leader of the X-Force research team at Internet
Security Systems Inc. in Atlanta.

"It's almost certain that other hackers are working on the same thing right
now,"Mehta said. He noted that apart from the relative ease with which the flaw
can be exploited, the vulnerability presents a tempting target for attackers
because the MSDTC service runs by default on Windows 2000 servers and can be
taken advantage of without users having to take any action.

Alfred Huger, senior director of engineering for Symantec Corp.'s security
response team, said his company hadn't received any reports of systems being
compromised via the MSDTCflaw as of Thursday. But he warned that the new
vulnerability presents the same kind of opportunity for malicious hackers that
led to the Zotob outbreak, which caused problems at several large companies.

Fenwick &West LLP managed to avoid getting hit by Zotob because its antivirus
software was effective at filtering out the worm, said Matt Kesner, chief
technology officer at the Mountain View, Calif.-based law firm.

Nonetheless, the firm has sped up its patching processes out of concerns about
similar outbreaks. IT staffers now hold a meeting "immediately after Microsoft
releases its patches" on the second Tuesday of each month, Kesner said. "Then we
try to test and get the patches out by Friday." Last week, the firm finished
deploying the new patches on Thursday night.  57539


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Computerworld, Inc.


                               4 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            Waikato Times (Hamilton)

                              May 21, 1999, Friday

Prized joined by half-brother

SECTION: RACING; INTERNATIONAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 328 words


Shuttle stallion Prized has been joined at stud in Kentucky by his half-brother
Exploit, the favourite for this year's Kentucky Derby until injury prematurely
closed his racing career two months ago.

Exploit will stand at Taylor Made Farm from next year after the farm purchased a
substantial interest in the son of Storm Cat.

Exploit was raced by Californians Beverly and Bob Lewis, and on the strength of
five wins and a second from his six raceday starts was poised to give the couple
their second Kentucky Derby win in three years following Silver Charm's 1997
victory.

These plans were scrapped after filling was found in Exploits knee after he was
beaten for the first time in the San Felipe Stakes (GrI ) in March.

It was left to a second stringer in the Lewis team, Charismatic, to put the
couple squarely in the winners circle at Churchill Downs with his upset victory
in the 125th Kentucky Derby and carried that on taking out last weekend's
Preakness Stakes.

The Lewises bought Exploit as a weanling for $ US525,000 at the 1996 Keeneland
November sale, then bought the colt back the following year when bidding on him
as a yearling stopped at $ US1.475 million. His six races earned the couple
almost $ US400,000.

Exploit is a half-brother to Fayette Park's triple Gr I winning sire Prized and
to three other stakes winners, all produced by the My Dad George mare My
Turbulent Miss.

Prized has maintained an impressive winner to starter ratio of 70 per cent from
his first three crops bred in California and this year has his first
Kentucky-bred juveniles on North American racetracks.

Prized's sire Kris S (Roberto) remains one of the most commercial stallions in
North America, and currently has one of the favourites for next month's Epsom
Derby in Sheikh Moktoum's Chester Vase winner Peshtigo.

Plans are in place to bring Prized back for his fourth season at Fayette Park
this year where his fee has been set at $ 6500.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                               5 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

USPTO Published Patent application of BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF
TEXAS SYSTEM titled as "REMEDIATION OF COMPUTER SECURITY VULNERABILITIES"

LENGTH: 269  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130198848, on August 01, 2013, by BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS
SYSTEM, titled as "REMEDIATION OF COMPUTER SECURITY VULNERABILITIES" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Wolff; Todd; (Boerne, TX)
Assignee:  BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS SYSTEM
AUSTIN
TX

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
computer security vulnerability remediation system (CSVRS) is disclosed,
including a CSVRS client communicatively coupled to a remediation server through
a network. The CSVRS client includes software having a security vulnerability,
which vulnerability may be known to malicious actors who develop an exploit. In
some cases, the exploit is a "zero-day exploit," meaning the vulnerability may
not be known to the CSVRS client until the exploit is deployed. A RSP receives
information about the exploit and vulnerability from a team of remediation
experts. The RSP may prepare a remedial exploit, which carries a self-healing
pay load. The remedial exploit may be delivered either through the vulnerability
itself, or through credentials granted by the CSVRS client to the RSP. The
self-healing pay-load takes appropriate action, such as closing ports or
disabling scripts, to prevent the vulnerability from being further exploited."

The Patent was filed on October 17, 2011 under application No. 20130198848

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                              March 3, 2017 Friday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (California) on
February 28, 2017 titled as "Exploit detection based on heap spray detection"

LENGTH: 177 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,584,550 on February 28, 2017, to Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (California) titled
as "Exploit detection based on heap spray detection"

Inventors: Qu; Bo (Fremont, CA), Sanders; Kyle (Sunnyvale, CA), Wang; Xinran
(San Ramon, CA)


Assignee: Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (Santa Clara, CA) (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Various techniques for exploit detection based on heap spray detection are
disclosed. In some embodiments, exploit detection based on heap spray detection
includes executing a program in a virtual environment; and detecting heap spray
in memory while executing the program in the virtual environment. In some
embodiments, exploit detection based on heap spray detection includes executing
a program in a virtual environment; and detecting heap spray related malware in
response to a modification of an execution environment in the virtual
environment."

The patent was filed on March 10, 2016 Application No. 15/067,048


LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Symantec Corporation (California) on April 14, titled as
"Systems and methods for neutralizing file-format-specific exploits included
within files contained within electronic communications"

LENGTH: 274  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 9,009,459, on
April 14 2015, to Symantec Corporation (California), titled as "Systems and
methods for neutralizing file-format-specific exploits included within files
contained within electronic communications"

Inventors:  Nachenberg; Carey (Manhattan Beach, CA), Guo; Fanglu (Los Angeles,
CA), Nanda; Susanta (Los Angeles, CA), Bhatkar; Sandeep (Sunnyvale, CA), Shou;
Darren (La Jolla, CA), Dacier; Marc (Santa Monica, CA)
Assignee:  Symantec Corporation (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
computer-implemented method for neutralizing file-format-specific exploits
contained within electronic communications may include (1) identifying an
electronic communication, (2) identifying at least one file contained within the
electronic communication, and then (3) neutralizing any file-format-specific
exploits contained within the file. In one example, neutralizing any
file-format-specific exploits contained within the file may include applying at
least one file-format-conversion operation to the file. Additionally or
alternatively, neutralizing any file-format-specific exploits contained within
the file may include constructing a sterile version of the file that selectively
omits at least a portion of any exploitable content contained within the file.
Various other methods, systems, and computer-readable media are also disclosed."

The patent was filed on March 12, 2012 Application no. 13/418,332

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           October 21, 2009 Wednesday

Exploring recipes for a bountiful feast

BYLINE: Radha Basu, Senior Correspondent

SECTION: REVIEW - OTHERS

LENGTH: 815 words


MORE than $1 billion a year is poured into research at institutes that come
under the Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*Star).

But the royalties collected annually by A*Star for the commercialisation
ofinventions developed at these institutes is a mere $1 million.

Mr Philip Lim, general manager of Exploit Technologies, A*Star's
commercialisation arm, admits that it is common for the best US research
universities to recover around 5 per cent of their grants through fees derived
from taking their technologies to market.

'But currently, our figure is at 0.1 per cent, which is what we want to
improve,' says Mr Lim.

Exploit is also looking at new ways to bring technologies to market faster. One
of these is to introduce venture capitalists and angel investors to its
technologies via Exploit's inaugural Innovation and Enterprise Week, which began
yesterday at Biopolis, where many A*Star institutes are located.

The three-day exhibition-cum-seminar, which is expected to draw more than 600
delegates, will showcase the latest research of not only A*Star, but also local
universities and polytechnics.

Mr Lim is keen to put the payback rate in context. He maintains that the
relatively low returns are largely because Exploit was formed only in 2002 and
has been focusing more on getting patents.

Besides, market payback is just one benchmark that can be used to evaluate the
effectiveness of any research hub.

From other perspectives, Exploit has in fact fared very well, Mr Lim said.

For instance, for every dollar the Government invests in R&D, the private sector
has invested an additional $2.50.

In addition, the number of patent applications filed by Exploit on behalf of
A*Star institutes has risen from 138 in 2002 to 227 in the last financial year.

This makes Exploit the most prolific local firm in terms of patent applications.
And since its launch, Exploit has floated 27 spin-off companies with an
estimated market valuation of $200 million and employing some 480 people.

In terms of generating intellectual property and licensing agreements, Exploit
is almost on par with the University of California at San Diego (UC San Diego),
one of the leading American research universities, which receives roughly the
same R&D budget every year as A*Star does - $1 billion.

'Results of R&D are multi-pronged, and measured not just in patents and
licences,' says Mr Lim.

'Other results include spin-offs, new industries created and foreign
multinationals anchoring their corporate R&D in Singapore.'

There is one area though where UC San Diego far outperforms A*Star: income
received through the generation and management of its intellectual property. The
California university earned $43 million last year in this area.

The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for its part, earned about $105
million last year by licensing its technologies, the bulk of the money from
revenues generated by one 'blockbuster' licence. Its total R&D expenditure was
$1.8 billion.

In defence of A*Star, Professor V. V. Krishna, a visiting senior research fellow
at the Asia Research Institute at the National University of Singapore (NUS),
believes it is unrealistic to expect Singapore's research and development
efforts to bear fruit within a decade.

'The US may be a leader in commercialising research, but we need to bear in mind
that most of their universities have been around for decades,' says Prof
Krishna, who teaches science policy at New Delhi's Jawaharlal Nehru University.

Senior associate director of research strategy at NUS, Mr Daniel Ng, agrees.

A survey published in the scientific journal Science last year showed that on
average, it took 24 years before a scientific discovery in the medical field
could be licensed for use. In the engineering field, the gestation period is 15
years, said Mr Ng, who is co-authoring a book on innovation in Asia.

Nonetheless, it is acknowledged that there are some things Singapore can do to
put it ahead of the curve when it comes to the commercialisation of research.

For instance, it could focus more on inter-disciplinary research in fields that
help solve 'societal challenges' such as finding cures for deadly diseases or
combating climate change. That way, researchers could attract investment from
venture capitalists and also from philanthropists.

California-based technology consultant Mary Zoeller - in Singapore to teach a
week-long course on how to commercialise scientific discoveries - has a novel
take on how to make new inventions pay. She thinks that in order for new
technologies to thrive it is necessary to build what she calls entire
'eco-systems for entrepreneurs'.

'We need to allow entrepreneurs access to capital, talent and networking
opportunities with industry,' says Ms Zoeller, who has helped float more than 50
American start-up companies over the past decade.

'Only then can you reap the full fruits of R&D.'

radhab@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 ComputerWorld

                                 April 6, 2007

Malware Outfits Put Business Gloss on Illicit IT Activities

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 676 words



HIGHLIGHT: Malware distribution is starting to look more like a regular
business, as criminal groups offer exploit subscription services, query access
to stolen data and other capabilities via the Web.


Like many just-launched e-commerce Web sites, a security-related one that lets
visitors transact business in Russian or English has a fairly functional, if
somewhat rudimentary, home page. A list of links points to an FAQ section,
spells out terms and conditions for using the software offered on the site, and
provides details about the supported forms of payment.

But contact information is sparse - probably because the merchandise advertised
on the site isn't exactly legitimate. What's available there is malicious code
that webmasters with criminal intent can use to infect visitors to their sites
with a spyware Trojan horse.

In return for downloading the malware to their sites, Web site owners are
promised at least Euro 50 - about $66 (U.S.) - every Monday, with the potential
to get even more money for "clean installs" of the malicious code on end-user
systems. "If your traffic is good, we will change rates for you," the site
promises. `Exploit Engines' for Sale

As organized gangs of crooks increasingly turn to cybercrime, Web sites like
that one are coming to represent the new face of malware development and
distribution, according to security researchers. They said that unlike earlier
malware writers, who tended to distribute their code to tight groups of insiders
or within underground newsgroups, the new breed hawks its wares in a more
professional manner.

Over the past year or so, "we've been seeing a growth of highly organized
`managed exploit providers'" in countries that don't have extradition treaties
with the U.S., said Gunter Ollmann, director of security strategies at IBM 's
Internet Security Systems X-Force unit. For subscriptions starting as low as $20
per month, Ollmann said, such companies sell "exploit engines" that spyware
distributors and spammers can use to infiltrate systems worldwide.

The available exploit code is usually encrypted, uses a range of morphing
techniques to evade detection by security software and can exploit various
vulnerabilities, according to Ollmann. He added that many exploit providers
simply wait for Microsoft Corp. 's monthly patches, which they then
reverse-engineer in an effort to create new code that can take advantage of the
disclosed vulnerabilities.

Don Jackson, a security researcher at SecureWorks Inc. in Atlanta, discovered
one such site in January while investigating a Trojan horse called Gozi. Jackson
said Gozi was designed to steal data from encrypted Secure Sockets Layer streams
and send it to a server in St. Petersburg, Russia. The program took advantage of
a vulnerability in the iFrame tags of Internet Explorer and had apparently been
planted on hosted Web sites, community forums, social networking sites and sites
belonging to small businesses.

The server in Russia held more than 10,000 records containing confidential
information belonging to about 5,200 home users, Jackson said. He added that it
was maintained by a group called 76Service and contained server-side code for
stealing data from systems, plus administration and data-mining interfaces.

According to Jackson, criminals looking for stolen passwords, credit card
numbers and other personal information could log in, view indexed data and run
queries. He said each query had a price associated with it, stated in WMZ - a
form of electronic currency supported by Moscow- based WM Transfer Ltd. 's
WebMoney online payment system (see box).

The Gozi code itself appears to have been purchased by 76Service from a Russian
hacking group called the HangB-Up Team . Jackson said such code typically costs
about $1,000 to $2,000, depending on how sophisticated it is. Often, he added,
groups such as the HangUp Team also offer a detection-monitoring service through
which they keep an eye on antivirus vendors so they know when security tools can
detect their malware.

"We're not talking about kids doing it for kicks over the weekend anymore," said
Yuval Ben-Itzhak, chief technology officer at Finjan Inc. , a San Jose-based
security software vendor. "This is real cash, real money, that's involved here."

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 International Data Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                     PalFX

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

The Birth of Royal Baby Blackhole Exploit Kit Run

LENGTH: 431 words


PalFX, Dubai, United Arab Emirates, 1 August 2013: Since the first official
announcement in early December last year, the world had eagerly awaited for the
birth of the firstborn child of Prince William and Kate Middleton. After months
of anticipation, the Duchess of Cambridge has recently given birth to a son, the
new Prince of Cambridge.


But amid the celebrations, an old threat resurfaced. We spotted spammed messages
related to the royal baby birth. The speed of these messages is remarkable,
considering the official announcement was given July 22nd at 4:24pm (BST).
These messages appear to be from ScribbleLive, a service that provides real-time
engagement platforms. The offer, of course, is false, and clicking on links in
the email will only trigger multiple redirections that are typical among
Blackhole exploit kit (BHEK) spam runs. BHEK is a page that cybercriminals use
to determine what software versions are used by a victim so that the page can
deliver the "correct" exploit.
In this case, the script that triggers the redirections is detected as
JS_OBFUSC.BEB. Based on initial reports, US, Japan, and Australia were the top
countries that accessed the final URL in the infection chain. As more users from
the UK go online during their morning, looking for news about the royal baby, we
can expect to see more infection hits from this area.
Exploit kits such as the Blackhole Exploit Kit offers cybercriminals great
convenience in terms of deploying spam runs. It becomes much easier for them to
modify the different aspects of a spam run: its social engineering lure, the
exploits it uses, and its payloads.
These social engineering lures often come in the form of recent events, such as
the Boston Marathon incident and the election of Pope Francis.
This particular BHEK run is not limited to the royal baby alone. Other spammed
messages took advantage of the controversy surrounding the upcoming sci-fi film
Ender's Game. While these messages are made to look like an article from CNN,
clicking on links will trigger the same redirections as that of the royal baby
spam.
Furthermore, Trend Micro have found another spam run using this theme that
pretends to be a CNN news story discussing what the US president would give as a
gift to mark the birth.
The exploit kit code is detected as JS_OBFUSC.BEB, with the Java exploit
detected as JAVA_EXPLOYT.RO. This particular exploit targets two vulnerabilities
in Java: CVE-2013-1493 and CVE-2013-2423. Both of these vulnerabilities have
been patched by Oracle. The ultimate payload is a Trojan detected as
TROJ_MEDFOS.JET.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 1230


                Copyright 2013 PalFX Information Services FZ LLZ
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                           December 1, 1998, Tuesday

Exploit early favourite

SECTION: RACING Pg. 20; IN BRIEF RACING

LENGTH: 144 words


Exploit, a half-brother by Storm Cat to former Breeder's Turf winner, Prized,
has gained early favouritism for the 1999 Kentucky Derby after an impressive
two-year-old win in Kentucky. Exploit is owned by Bob and Beverly Lewis, owners
of Silver Charm and like that champion, trained by Bob Baffert. Baffert has won
the last two Kentucky Derbys (Silver Charm in 1997) and was second in 1996 with
Cavonnier. Exploit was bought by the Lewises for $ US525,000 as a weanling and
was retained when he failed to make a $ 1.5m reserve as a yearling. On the same
day as Exploit won, Silver Charm staged a heroic performance to win the Clark
Stakes by a head after being headed twice in the last 600m. Baffert, riding the
crest of a wave, won another juvenile feature at the meeting with
Silverbulletday, which won the Breeders Cup juvenile at her previous start.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 Fairfax New Zealand


                              12 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 ComputerWorld

                               September 29, 2006

Microsoft Hastens IE Flaw Fix;
Widely available exploit prompts fast response

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 454 words



HIGHLIGHT: Microsoft rushed out a patch to fix a hole in its IE browser software
that was being widely exploited.


Microsoft Corp. 's decision last week to issue an out-of-cycle patch for an
Internet Explorer flaw appears to have squelched concerns about widespread
system disruptions resulting from the vulnerability.

The flaw occurs in the way IE browsers handle Vector Markup Language (VML)
graphics and could give attackers complete control of compromised systems.

The flaw was first reported by Sunbelt Software Inc. in Clearwater, Fla., on
Sept. 18, and attempts to exploit it began soon afterward.

Concerns began mounting when exploit code targeting the vulnerability started
becoming available publicly through hacking sites such as xsec.org, milw0rm.com
and the public domain Metasploit Project .

Adding to the concern, VeriSign Inc.'s iDefense unit reported last week that
more than 1,800 Web domain hosting servers had been hijacked via a previous hack
and then used to redirect users to Web sites hosting VML exploits.

A `Political Decision'

Microsoft insisted that actual attacks and customer impact were limited. But it
decided to release the patch ahead of its usual monthly schedule because of the
existence of public exploit code, the company said in a statement.

The early fix was more of a "political decision than anything else," said Hugh
McArthur, director of information systems security at Online Resources Corp., an
online bill-processing firm in Chantilly, Va. "But kudos to Microsoft for
getting it out so quick."

McArthur added that even before Microsoft made the patch available, "a lot of
the controls that folks already have in place effectively dealt with" the VML
flaw. "It was an issue that needed to be addressed, but certainly I think it was
overhyped," he said.

A security manager at a Utah-based credit union who asked to remain anonymous
said his company deployed the VML patch soon after it was released, as is
routine practice. "I'm happy with early releases so long as they test these
things out before releasing them so it doesn't crash our systems," he said.

For Microsoft, this is the second time this year it has issued a fix ahead of
its usual monthly schedule. In January, the company had to quickly provide a
patch for a flaw in its Windows Metafile (WMF) function after exploits began
circulating widely.

As with the WMF flaw, a third-party group of security researchers - in this
case, Zero-Day Emergency Response Team , or ZERT - rushed out a VML patch ahead
of Microsoft's own in response to growing customer concern.

"As with WMF, this was becoming a big public relations problem for Microsoft,"
said Johannes Ullrich, chief technology officer at the SANS Institute's Internet
Storm Center in Bethesda, Md. "A lot of people were questioning why the company
was waiting so long to issue a fix for it."

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 International Data Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to FireEye, Inc (California) on November 29, 2016
titled as "Exploit detection system with threat-aware microvisor"

LENGTH: 286 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,507,935 on November 29, 2016, to FireEye, Inc (California) titled as "Exploit
detection system with threat-aware microvisor"

Inventors: Ismael; Osman Abdoul (Palo Alto, CA), Aziz; Ashar (Coral Gables, FL)


Assignee: FireEye, Inc. (Milpitas, CA) (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
exploit detection system deploys a threat-aware microvisor to facilitate
real-time security analysis, including exploit detection and threat
intelligence, of an operating system process executing on a node of a network
environment. The microvisor may be organized as a main protection domain
representative of the operating system process. In response to the process
attempting to access a kernel resource for which it does not have permission, a
capability violation may be generated at the main protection domain of the
microvisor and a micro-virtual machine (VM) may be spawned as a container
configured to encapsulate the process. The main protection domain may then be
cloned to create a cloned protection domain that is representative of the
process and that is bound to the spawned micro-VM. Capabilities of the cloned
protection domain may be configured to be more restricted than the capabilities
of the main protection domain with respect to access to the kernel resource. The
restricted capabilities may be configured to generate more capability violations
than those generated by the capabilities of the main protection domain and, in
turn, enable further monitoring of the process as it attempts to access the
kernel resource."

The patent was filed on March 28, 2014 Application No. 14/229,580


LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 27, 2017 Monday

NSS LABS, INC. (Texas) applies for US Patent titled as "MALWARE AND EXPLOIT
CAMPAIGN DETECTION SYSTEM AND METHOD"

LENGTH: 197 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170054754 for US Patent, published on February 23, 2017, by
NSS LABS, INC. (Texas), titled as "MALWARE AND EXPLOIT CAMPAIGN DETECTION SYSTEM
AND METHOD"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: SAHER; Mohamed; (Austin, TX) ; PATHAK; Jayendra; (Austin, TX) ;
ELGARHY; Ahmed; (Austin, TX)

Applicant: NSS LABS, INC.   Austin   TX (Texas)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
malware and exploit campaign detection system and method are provided that
cannot be detected by the malware or exploit campaign. The system may provide
threat feed data to the vendors that produce in-line network security and end
point protection (anti virus) technologies. The system may also be used as a
testing platform for 3.sup.rd party products. Due to the massive footprint of
the system's cloud infrastructure and disparate network connections and
geo-location obfuscation techniques, NSS can locate and monitor malware across
the globe and provide detailed threat analysis for each specific region, as they
often support and host different malware/cybercrime campaigns."


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                             July 30, 2015 Thursday

Moyo Okediji explodes with "Ogunnic Exploits"

BYLINE: Our Reporter

LENGTH: 775 words


Professor Moyo Okediji is a Nigerian painter, theorist and educator gifted with
the words, colours and shapes to tell of his experiences in no less attractive
way. This much he has done with his latest painting entitled "Ogunnic Exploits",
which will be shown at the Gantt Centre for African American Art at Charlotte,
North Carolina, [...]

Professor Moyo Okediji is a Nigerian painter, theorist and educator gifted with
the words, colours and shapes to tell of his experiences in no less attractive
way. This much he has done with his latest painting entitled "Ogunnic Exploits",
which will be shown at the Gantt Centre for African American Art at Charlotte,
North Carolina, US from July to September 2015.more...

"Ogunnic Expoits" was conceived since 1992 and started out as a sketch on a
painting turned up-side down. The rhythm of the painting structurally takes its
tapestry from Fela'S song "Teacher Don't Teach Me Nonsense". As a receptacle of
deep emotions, the artist unleashes the identity, belief and understanding he
has of the African culture, which he thinks unwise to denigrate. It also
elaborates on the liberation theme of Wole Soyinka's epic poem "Ogun Abibiman",
which derives from the anti-apartheid activism of Southern Africa.

Moving to present-day struggle within cultural contradictions, "Ogunnic Exploits
" still finds a connection saddled with a message of hope decades after the exit
of the colonizers have left poisons of low or no self esteem, poverty, foreign
religions, nepotism and insensitivity to human rights which has continued to
haunt the ex-colonies.

The colours of the painting are symbolic of revolutionary valour, with bright
and dark spaces to versify the changing terrains of multiple dimensionality of
Ogun. Ogun, the deity of creativity and destruction, is pictured riding a horse
across the landscape of Africa to engage the forces of negative powers
entrenched in contemporary culture. "Ogunnic Exploits" is a visual African apae
of Ogun, a force of liberation in the composition. "Everything begins from basic
colour symbolism of thinking that dark is evil and white holy. Such is a
self-destructive cultural notion, because when I look at my skin, I know I am
dark and good," he says.

The only Black member of the Africobra, the most enduring group of black artists
in the United States, needs no inspiration to write or paint. He has to his
credit a number of books, which bother on African arts and studies.

A typical day for professor Moyo is fluid, no rituals. He spends hours preparing
for each class. He enjoys working in clay. He taught in the Obafemi Awolowo
University, Ile-Ife, from 1978 to 1992, before relocating to the United States
to become a professor of Art and Art History at the University of Texas, Austin,
in the United States. He is also the Director of the centre for art of Africa
and its Diasporas at the same University.

Not mincing words, he clearly attests to Africans being some of the most
creative artists in the world. Depression, trauma and injuries, he says, are
items that fuel a burning passion for Africans. However, he does not hide his
disappointment about the lack of understanding of the black culture by Blacks.
"It results from what I call the post traumatic slave disorder (PTSD) .We have
not yet healed from the trauma of the European Invaders; we, therefore, move
around sheepishly like people on drugs, saying 'yes sir' and 'yes ma' to any
culture from people with lighter skin colours. Until we heal from the PTSD
trauma, we will continue to sleep walk as a people."

With experience spanning over 30 years, Moyo reveals he no longer sees the human
body the same way people typically see it. "The female body is just a canvas.
Even if I experience natural curiosity and pleasure at touching the body as I
paint it, I cannot sexualize it, other wise, I couldn't concentrate."

In the 1970s, as a student in Nigeria, he trained to cultivate a high level of
artistry and, by hard work, has written the following books, African
Renaissance: Old Forms, New Images in African Art, Western Frontiers of African
Art, and Shattered Gourd: Yoruba Forms in Twentieth Century American Art.

For ten years, he was the curator of African and Oceanic arts at the Denver Art
Museum. He has taught at various colleges in the United States, including
Wellesley College, Gettysburg College, University of Wisconsin, Madison, and the
University of Colorado at Denver. He has also exhibited at various places,
including the New Museum of Contemporary Art, New York, The Smithsonian
Institution, Washington DC, the Corcoran Centre, London, and the National Museum
Gallery, Lagos, Nigeria.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2015 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 ComputerWorld

                                October 13, 2006

Microsoft Releases Record Number of Security Fixes;
Figure doesn't faze IT execs, but active exploits create a sense of urgency

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 519 words



HIGHLIGHT: Microsoft issued patches last week to plug 26 security holes, the
most it has had to fix in a single month. At least six are already being
exploited or have had proof-of-concept exploit code written for them.


Information technology managers last week appeared mostly unfazed by a
larger-than-usual volume of monthly security patches from Microsoft Corp. and a
temporary delay in the availability of the fixes via the company's automatic
update services.

But the fact that at least six of the record 26 separate vulnerabilities
disclosed last week are already being exploited or are the subject of
proof-of-concept exploit code did make some IT managers take notice.

The presence of active exploits somewhat heightened the urgency to apply the
latest patches to Windows systems at Fenwick & West LLP , according to Matt
Kesner, the Mountain View, Calif.-based law firm's chief technology officer.

"It called attention to the patches and made it a little more worrisome," Kesner
said. However, he added that the law firm has already implemented multiple
layers of antiB-malware protection to lessen its dependence on patches and
mitigate the risks posed by unpatched flaws.

Concerns for the Future

The continuing emergence of so-called zero-day security threats could force
Microsoft to start issuing out-of-cycle patches more frequently, said Tim O'Pry,
CTO at The Henssler Financial Group in KenneB-saw, Ga.

"When they went to the monthly patch cycle, it looked like a good idea," O'Pry
said. But if interim patches start becoming more frequent, "we'd end up being in
between where we were and where we are," he added.

O'Pry's biggest concern with such a scenario is that patches could start getting
released without adequate testing, causing systems administrators more
difficulties. "The problem is in deciding whether the vulnerability is worse
than the potential problems" from a faulty patch, he said.

Microsoft's latest "Patch Tuesday" round of updates included a total of 10
security bulletins, six of which were given a "critical" severity rating by the
company.

"We were definitely aware of the larger-than-normal quantity of patches," said
Tom Robertson, senior vice president of IT at Charter Bank in Bellevue, Wash.
But, he added, "we experienced no problems with testing and deployment of these
patches." Nor was there any "significant" delay in patch availability, he said.

Microsoft said unspecified "technical problems" prevented it from immediately
distributing the patches via its Microsoft Update, Automatic Updates and Windows
Server Update Services programs.

However, the snafus were rectified after several hours. A post on the blog for
Microsoft's Security Response Center said the problems involved networking
issues, not the security fixes themselves.

Sixteen of the flaws disclosed by Microsoft were discovered in applications.
That continues a trend toward "application-based malware and
application-targeted vulnerabilities," said Monty Izerman, a senior manager of
the global threat group at McAfee Inc. 's Avert Labs unit.

Izerman said via e-mail that of all the flaws, the most critical one was a
Windows Shell vulnerability that could be used to take complete control of
compromised systems. That flaw has already been widely exploited in so-called
drive-by install and download attacks, according to Izerman.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 International Data Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           September 3, 2009 Thursday
                                  Mich Edition

Possible pitfalls await ND

BYLINE: BOB WIENEKE, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. W2

LENGTH: 896 words


Since the day Notre Dame fans flipped their football calendar from 2008 to 2009,
much has been made about the relative soft slate awaiting the Irish. The
following is a game-by-game look at what analyst Jeff Sagarin considers the 48th
toughest schedule in the country:

Nevada

Sept. 5 at South Bend

* What to watch out for: Quarterback Colin Kaepernick receives a lot of
attention for his rushing (1,130 yards and 17 touchdowns last season) but he
also threw for 2,849 yards and 22 TDs.

* What ND can exploit: The Wolf Pack allowed more passing yards per game than
any team in the country (311), so if Jimmy Clausen is spotted salivating,
there's a reason.

Michigan

Sept. 12 at Ann Arbor, Mich.

* What to watch out for: Remove turnovers from last year's Irish victory and the
statistics favor the Wolverines. Notre Dame clearly was the better team, but
it's something to think about this year.

* What ND can exploit: Because he went through spring practice, true freshman
Tate Forcier probably wins the quarterback derby. Notre Dame fans, with Brady
Quinn and Clausen in mind, know all too well how tough it is for a true freshman
to find consistent success.

Michigan State

Sept. 19 at South Bend

* What to watch out for: If the Spartans can play their way with a strong
running game and solid defense, it could be tough for the Irish. ... Michigan
State has won six straight at Notre Dame Stadium. The last Irish coach to beat
the Spartans at home was Lou Holtz in 1993.

* What ND can exploit: The Spartans return 18 starters, but some of the losses
were at key positions. Brian Hoyer wasn't spectacular at quarterback but he was
steady, leading the Spartans to a 9-4 mark last season. Kirk Cousins and Keith
Nichol are in a tight battle to replace him. ? Tailback Javon Ringer, another of
the departed, ran for 1,637 yards last year on 390 carries.

Purdue

Sept. 26 at West Lafayette, Ind.

* What to watch out for: New coach Danny Hope isn't exactly new in that he
served a one-year apprenticeship under Joe Tiller. Hope will try to put his own
stamp on the program, and it wouldn't be a bad idea to watch some old Eastern
Kentucky tape, where he was the head coach prior to arriving at Purdue.

* What ND can exploit: One would figure Notre Dame would be favored against a
team that went 4-8 last year and lost 11 starters.

Washington

Oct. 3 at South Bend

* What to watch out for: A new regime has Husky fans thinking this program is on
the rise again after Tyrone Willingham was jettisoned last season.

* What ND can exploit: In the 12 major NCAA statistical rankings, Washington
finished no higher than 101st. Pick a category and it's exploitable.

USC

Oct. 17 at South Bend

* What to watch out for: There's talent all over the place, meaning potential
matchup problems across the board. The last five recruiting classes ranked
first, first, second, eighth and fourth.

* What ND can exploit: A lot was lost on defense, namely linebackers Clay
Matthews, Brian Cushing and Ray Maualuga.

Boston College

Oct. 24 at South Bend

* What to watch out for: Boston College has won six straight in this series, and
it hasn't mattered where it's played. ? The running back tandem of Montel Harris
and Josh Haden is effective as the two combined to run for 1,379 yards as true
freshmen.

* What ND can exploit: Finding a team that had as difficult of an offseason as
BC would be difficult. Jeff Jagodzinski was fired after flirting with the NFL.
Standout linebacker Mark Herzlich was diagnosed with cancer and will not play
this season. Projected starting quarterback Dominique Davis transferred after an
academic suspension.

Washington State

Oct. 31 at San Antonio

* What to watch out for: Not to diminish the Cougars, but they're just not very
good. They weren't as woeful as Washington last year but they also were not far
off, needing two overtimes to beat the Huskies.

* What ND can exploit: The Cougars had the nation's worst rush defense last
year, and any of ND's backs could have a career day if given enough carries.

Navy

Nov. 7 at South Bend

* What to watch out for: Be ready to watch some running. Navy (again) led the
nation in rushing last year.

* What ND can exploit: If Notre Dame builds a sizable lead, it should be in good
shape, although that theory was shot down last year. Navy's reliance on the run
makes it tough for the Midshipmen to rally.

Pittsburgh

Nov. 14 at Pittsburgh

* What to watch out for: The Panthers return four starters on the offensive
line. Pitt ran for 178 yards on 47 carries last year in its four-overtime
victory over the Irish.

* What ND can exploit: Running back LeSean McCoy is gone to the NFL. In two
seasons he ran for 2,816 yards and 36 touchdowns. Replacing him is Job One.

Connecticut

Nov. 21 at South Bend

* What to watch out for: Will Zach Frazer, once a guy in the running to replace
Quinn, thrive in his first Notre Dame Stadium start?

* What ND can exploit: Donald Brown led the nation in rushing last year with
2,083 yards, but he's now an Indianapolis Colt. Don't expect the Huskies to be
as successful running the ball.

Stanford

Nov. 28 at Palo Alto, Calif.

* What to watch out for: Running back Toby Gerhart was one of the best running
backs in the Pac-10, a conference that boasted a slew of them last season.

* What ND can exploit: Stanford's secondary is suspect, and Irish wideouts
Michael Floyd and Golden Tate could make it look very bad.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 999 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2010 Global Markets Direct, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
              Global Markets Direct - Company Investment Analysis

                                 March 19, 2010

                          Exploit Technologies Pte Ltd

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INVESTMENT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

Exploit Technologies Pte Ltd, reported zero medical equipment deals each in 2007
and 2008. No deals were reported by the company in YTD 2010.



Exploit Technologies Pte Ltd, Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2005 to YTD 2010

   Year        Deals    Deal Value
   2010          0      0.00 US$
                        million
   2009          0      0.00 US$
                        million
   2008          0      0.00 US$
                        million
   2007          0      0.00 US$
                        million
   2006          0      0.00 US$
                        million
   2005          0      0.00 US$
                        million





Exploit Technologies Pte Ltd, Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2005 to YTD
2010
  Region       Deals    Deal Value
Asia-Pacifi      0      0.00 US$
c                       million
Europe           0      0.00 US$
                        million
Middle East      0      0.00 US$
and Africa              million
North            0      0.00 US$
America                 million
South and        0      0.00 US$
Central                 million
America


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Financial Ratios                        Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2010


                              19 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 7, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

HORSE RACING: NOTEBOOK;
Derby Contender Is Undefeated

BYLINE: By JOSEPH DURSO

SECTION: Section 8; Page 8; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 554 words

DATELINE: HALLANDALE, Fla., Feb. 6


Exploit, already rated the leading 3-year-old colt in a confusing Triple Crown
class, solidified his ranking and stayed undefeated today when he won the San
Vicente Stakes at Santa Anita by the length of his neck.

Racing for the first time in two and a half months after going 4 for 4 last
year, Exploit won his fifth straight race as the 2-5 favorite in a field of only
three horses. But he had to rouse himself through the homestretch to hold off a
late challenge by the long shot Aristotle.

Exploit, a dark bay son of Storm Cat owned by Beverly and Bob Lewis and trained
by Bob Baffert, chased the D. Wayne Lukas colt Yes It's True until he moved in
front as they turned for home. But Aristotle, running in the black and red
colors of the Paraneck Stable, raced him down the stretch until Chris McCarron
nudged Exploit into a desperate late effort to win it.

So, the 3-year-old class at least has a legitimate leader after it had been
thrown into some confusion by early losses by Answer Lively, Cat Thief, Bet Me
Best and The Groom Is Red. But they still have nearly three months to go before
the Kentucky Derby on May 1.

"When you see them hooking up like that," Baffert said, "you say, 'Let's see how
good he is.' The good horses, they keep going. This horse doesn't like to lose."

Exploit is one of four or five horses from Baffert's barn regarded as contenders
for the Kentucky Derby. Baffert has won the race the last two years with Silver
Charm and Real Quiet, and he could become the first trainer to win the Derby
three years in a row.

Fast fractions were set after the three colts shot out of the gate: 222/5
seconds for the first quarter-mile, 45 seconds for the first half-mile and
1:093/5 for three-quarters. Exploit's final time for the seven furlongs was
1:22.

Yagli Sets Gulfstream Record

The combination of Allen Paulson, Bill Mott and Jerry Bailey proved irresistible
again as their Yagli slipped through along the rail to win the Gulfstream Park
Breeders' Cup Handicap by three-quarters of a length over Wild Event in record
time.

Yagli is a 6-year-old stretch runner who has developed into one of the country's
best distance horses on turf, and he proved it again. Yagli is owned by Paulson
and trained by Mott, with Bailey in the saddle, the team that produced Cigar and
other major winners in recent years.

The chestnut son of Jade Hunter has won 8 of his 18 starts. Yagli ran the mile
and three-eighths on the grass in 2:103/5 , cutting four-fifths of a second off
the track record.

Horse Euthanized Following Accident

 A 3-year-old horse was euthanized following a three-horse spill in the third
race at Aqueduct yesterday.

Petey Bubba, who led into the stretch, broke down and fell passing the
three-sixteenths pole in the allowance race for 3-year-olds. Regal Flash fell
over him and into the path of the favorite, Greek Tycoon, who tumbled over the
first two.

The track veterinarian, Celeste Koontz, said that Petey Bubba broke his right
foreleg and was euthanized on the track. Regal Flash and Greek Tycoon sustained
minor abrasions and lacerations.

The jockeys in the mishap, Cornelio Velasquez (Petey Bubba), Rene Douglas (Regal
Flash) and Aaron Gryder (Greek Tycoon), all appeared to have escaped serious
injury despite falling heavily.   (AP)

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              20 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 20, 2004 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

MAYOR SLAMS EDWARDS Raps claim GOP will exploit 9-11

BYLINE: By MAGGIE HABERMAN DAILY NEWS CITY HALL BUREAU With Lisa L. Colangelo

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 434 words


John Edwards came to New York looking for votes yesterday, but his famous
Southern charm was lost on Mayor Bloomberg.

The North Carolina senator quickly drew Hizzoner's ire when he accused
Republicans of planning to exploit the 9/11 attacks at their convention this
summer.

"George Bush and his team, they think they're gonna be able to exploit this
tragedy right here at this convention for a few days," the Democrat told an Ivy
League audience in a morning speech at Columbia University.

And when Edwards also drawled off a list of statistics suggesting the city's
economy is flat-lining, Bloomberg shot back.

"Preposterous," said the mayor, a Republican.

"I guess he just hasn't been here," Bloomberg lectured at a Washington Heights
stop. "We'd love to have him come here and spend some money, and see just what
goes on in the streets of New York, where crime is down, welfare rolls are down,
jobs are coming in."

The dispute erupted as Edwards, capitalizing on his surprise showing against
front-runner John Kerry Tuesday in Wisconsin, launched a five-day jaunt in New
York, where Democrats vote March 2 in the Super Tuesday primaries.

Talking about the Republicans' choice of New York for their convention, Edwards
said: "They come back when it's convenient." He accused Washington of
short-shrifting rebuilding efforts here, adding: "We're with you every day,
fighting with you every day."

Bloomberg sharply countered Edwards' convention slam.

"He should talk to Terry McAuliffe," Bloomberg said.

McAuliffe, the Democratic National Committee chairman, wanted New York for his
party's convention on an "exclusive" basis, Bloomberg said. But when the mayor
refused to lock out the Republicans, the Democrats chose Boston, Kerry's
hometown.

Bloomberg also dismissed the suggestion that Republicans want to exploit the
terrorist murders.

"I don't think that either party . . . if they have their convention here, is
trying to exploit 9/11," Bloomberg said. "We paid a terrible price for
democracy, and that will always be part of our history and our culture."

Hank Sheinkopf, a Democratic consultant, called Edwards' 9/11 reference a
misfire. The tragedy "is too blistering a memory, and it appears to be almost
unpatriotic," he said.

Kevin Madden, spokesman for the Bush-Cheney reelection team, ripped Edwards for
"playing politics with a great national tragedy."

But the Kerry camp mostly agreed with Edwards: "George Bush and [political
adviser] Karl Rove have made no secret of the fact that they intend to use the
tragedy of 9/11 to make national security the centerpiece issue of the
election," a spokesman said.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: KEITH BEDFORD SOUTHPAW Sen. John Edwards greets backers at Columbia
yesterday, but comments on 9/11 got harsh reception from mayor.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              21 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Massive Angler Exploit ransomware network shutdown by Cisco

SECTION: BUSINESS; Product Breakthroughs

LENGTH: 280 words



HIGHLIGHT: News: The kit has helped hackers target up to 90,000 victims a day.


Cisco has disrupted the spread of the harmful malvertising and ransomware
campaigns that are generated by the notorious Angler Exploit Kit.

The Angler Exploit Kit is one of the most advanced and concerning exploit kit in
the market which includes small programmes that take advantage of flaws in web
browsers and other software.

However, the buyers of the kit have to find their own way to reach their targets
which is usually done through hacking and then by installing ransomware or other
types of malware into a targeted computer.

Cisco's Talos security unit discovered that proxy servers used by Angler were
located on the servers of service provider Limestone Networks in Dallas, Texas.

According to Cisco, the kit has helped hackers targeting up to 90,000 victims a
day, generating more than $30M annually.

After the discovery, Limestone Networks pulled the plug on the servers and
provided Cisco with the insight on how Angler worked.

The research effort also involved Level 3 Communications, which allowed Cisco to
copy the authentication protocols the Angler criminals use for their interaction
with their prey.

By knowing the protocols security companies will be able to cut off infected
computers easily, Cisco said.

After making the discovery Cisco said that it started updating products to stop
redirects to the Angler proxy servers.

Cisco also released snort rules to detect and block checks from the health
checks, published communications mechanisms including protocols to help other
protect themselves and their clients.

Cisco said that it will also be publishing IoCs so that defenders will be able
to analyse their own network activity and block access to remaining servers.

LOAD-DATE: October 08, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to International Business Machines Corporation (New
York) on December 6, 2016 titled as "Detecting web exploit kits by tree-based
structural similarity search"

LENGTH: 177 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,516,051 on December 6, 2016, to International Business Machines Corporation
(New York) titled as "Detecting web exploit kits by tree-based structural
similarity search"

Inventors: Hu; Xin (White Plains, NY), Jang; Jiyong (White Plains, NY), Monrose;
Fabian (Chapel Hill, NC), Stoecklin; Marc Philippe (Bern, CH), Taylor; Teryl
(Chapel Hill, NC), Wang; Ting (White Plains, NY)


Assignee: International Business Machines Corporation (Armonk, NY) (New York)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method of detecting exploit kits includes receiving, at an input port of a
computer, indication of HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) traffic. The HTTP
traffic is clustered into a web session tree according to a client IP (Internet
Protocol. A client tree structure of the web session tree is generated. The
client tree structure is compared with tree structures of exploit kit samples."

The patent was filed on June 25, 2015 Application No. 14/750,290


LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to International Business Machines Corporation (New
York) on December 6, 2016 titled as "Detecting web exploit kits by tree-based
structural similarity search"

LENGTH: 177 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,516,051 on December 6, 2016, to International Business Machines Corporation
(New York) titled as "Detecting web exploit kits by tree-based structural
similarity search"

Inventors: Hu; Xin (White Plains, NY), Jang; Jiyong (White Plains, NY), Monrose;
Fabian (Chapel Hill, NC), Stoecklin; Marc Philippe (Bern, CH), Taylor; Teryl
(Chapel Hill, NC), Wang; Ting (White Plains, NY)


Assignee: International Business Machines Corporation (Armonk, NY) (New York)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method of detecting exploit kits includes receiving, at an input port of a
computer, indication of HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) traffic. The HTTP
traffic is clustered into a web session tree according to a client IP (Internet
Protocol. A client tree structure of the web session tree is generated. The
client tree structure is compared with tree structures of exploit kit samples."

The patent was filed on June 25, 2015 Application No. 14/750,290


LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 27, 1998, Friday, Final Edition

Exploit Has What It Takes to Win Next Year's Kentucky Derby

Andrew Beyer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C13; ANDREW BEYER

LENGTH: 800 words


The major stakes races for 2-year-olds this season have all been won by
unexceptional horses, and even the Breeders' Cup Juvenile, which traditionally
produces the champion of the age group, was slow and uninspiring. This
thoroughbred generation has looked so weak that ardent racing fans might have
trouble working up enthusiasm for next year's Kentucky Derby.

But one colt has now emerged from the pack, displayed superior talent and
established himself as an exciting prospect. I'll predict it now: He's going to
win the 1999 Derby. The youngster has the right pedigree. He has the right
trainer. He has a flawless record to date, and should complete a perfect
2-year-old campaign at Churchill Downs Saturday. He even has a name that sounds
as if it belongs on a souvenir mint-julep glass:

Exploit.

Trainer Bob Baffert won the last two Derbies with horses of moderate pedigree,
Real Quiet and Silver Charm, and missed by a nose in 1996 with a distinctly
ill-bred animal, Cavonnier. His success has prompted clients to give him more
expensive, better-bred horses, and Baffert now has a colt with a first-class
pedigree. Exploit's sire, Storm Cat, is one of the nation's most fashionable and
expensive stallions; his dam is also the mother of Prized, winner of the 1989
Breeders' Cup Turf.

Bob and Beverly Lewis, owners of Silver Charm, paid $ 525,000 for Exploit as a
weanling, with the idea of reselling him as a yearling. They entered him in an
auction with a reserve price of $ 1.5 million, but the bidding stalled when it
reached $ 1.4 million. The Lewises were sitting next to Baffert, who told them
not to worry if they had to keep the colt. "You could tell he was an athlete,"
the trainer said. "He looked like the real deal."

Baffert didn't train Exploit hard for his racing debut at Del Mar this summer --
"I figured I'd let him run himself into shape," he said -- and he was pleasantly
surprised when the colt won impressively. Then Exploit captured an allowance
race at Santa Anita. But it was on the day of the Breeders' Cup at Churchill
Downs that Exploit convinced me that he is bound for glory.

He was entered in the Iroquois Stakes, an event designed for the
not-ready-for-prime- time 2-year-olds who weren't in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile,
and was facing a field filled with fast sprinters. Exploit broke on top, but two
other speedsters rushed outside him and battled for the lead. After Exploit put
them away, two other quick colts rushed inside him and subjected him to more
pressure. The leaders raced the first half of the one-mile race in 45 1/5
seconds, a pace that should have been suicidal. Yet when Exploit surged away
from his pack of challengers, jockey Chris McCarron still had him under a
hammerlock.

On the turn a formidable stretch-runner, Crowning Storm, started to accelerate
strongly and swoop past the horses who had been enervated by the hot pace. He
moved past everybody else, but never threatened Exploit, who drew away to a
convincing victory. "He reminded me of Silver Charm," Baffert said. "He has a
lot left in the tank."

An hour later, Exploit's performance looked even better, after the nominal
leaders of the 2-year-old generation contested the Breeders' Cup Juvenile.
Answer Lively enjoyed one of the best trips a horse can have -- he sat third
behind two dueling leaders and then surged past them -- but even with a perfect
set-up he was all-out to win. Nobody behind him made much of a positive
impression either. Although Exploit had a much tougher trip than Answer Lively,
he earned a slightly higher Beyer Speed Figure.

Exploit will make his final start as a 2-year-old Saturday in the 1 1/16-mile
Kentucky Jockey Club Stakes, his longest effort to date. At such an early stage
of a horse's career, every race reveals new dimensions or limitations to his
talent, and Baffert said, "The next big question is: Can he go around two turns?
Sometimes when horses hit that second turn they lose a little desire. But I
think he'll pass with flying colors." After the Churchill race, Exploit will be
finished for the season and will go home to California to prepare for his
3-year-old campaign.

In view of Baffert's recent record, Exploit couldn't be in better hands. The
trainer did a magnificent job training Silver Charm in 1997, and the horse's
fitness enabled him to eke out a photo-finish victory in the Derby. Baffert won
with the unheralded late bloomer Real Quiet this year after many of the nation's
leading 3-year-olds had been injured. The trainer feels slightly burdened by the
expectations he has created and said, "Now people expect me to win the damned
thing every year." But in 1999 he will enjoy a rare luxury in his Derby quest:
He will have the best horse as he starts the 3-year-old campaign.



LOAD-DATE: November 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              25 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            November 1, 2013 Friday

Java exploit attacks surge by a third in a year

SECTION: TREATMENT; Security Solutions

LENGTH: 222 words



HIGHLIGHT: 1,210,000 unique attack sources were detected in about 95 countries


The number of attacks through Java exploits have risen by a third between
September 2012 and August 2013 to 14.1 million, the latest Kaspersky Lab study
revealed.

Kaspersky's Java Under Attack - the evolution of exploits in 2012 to 2013 report
revealed that majority of attacks were detected during the second half of the
study period with over 8.54 million attacks carried out from March to August
2013, up 52.7%.

Kaspersky Lab Vulnerability Research Group head Vyacheslav Zakorzhevsky said
that Java is a victim of its own popularity.

"Cyber criminals know they are better off focusing their efforts on finding a
vulnerability in Java and then attacking millions of computers at one stroke,
rather than creating multiple exploits for several less popular products and
still finding that they are affecting fewer computers," Zakorzhevsky said.

According to the report, about 80% of attacked users resided in 10 countries,
with the Top 3 including the USA, Russia and Germany, while the Canada, the USA,
Germany and Brazil witnessed the fastest growth attacks.

About half of all attacks were triggered through the use of just six families of
Java exploits.

During the one year period, each user experienced an average of 3.72 attacks,
while average exposure reached 3.29 attacks per individual user during the
September 2012 to February 2013.

LOAD-DATE: November 04, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 17, 2014 Friday

ARM AND HAMMER Former foes expect Brady to air it out against Broncos

BYLINE: Steve Serby

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 70

LENGTH: 828 words


'"He'll have a good game plan, and exploit whatever weaknesses there are to
exploit. I just trust him. I would rather ride with those guys before Denver."'
- Colts cornerback Darius Butler on Patriots coach Bill Belichick

SCOUTING REPORT: AFC CHAMPIONSHIP

The Colts played each of the four teams who will be fighting Sunday to get to
the Super Bowl. So The Post asked two Colts for their expert insight on the key
players and the combatants in the AFC Championship Game.

Cornerback Darius Butler witnessed LeGarrette Blount gashing his defense for 162
yards and four touchdowns last Saturday night, but he expects more Tom Brady
Sunday in Denver.

"With Chris Harris being hurt, Von Miller being out, I see them probably passing
a little more," Butler said of the Broncos cornerback and linebacker.

And that is never a bad thing in a big game with Brady under center.

"It won't be new to him," said Butler, who played two seasons in New England.

Tight end Coby Fleener can't wait for the Peyton Manning-Bill Belichick chess
match.

"That's probably what should be written about more so than the Brady-Manning
saga," Fleener said. "That to me is about as cerebral as it gets in regards to
football. I'd like to kind of sit in both rooms and be a fly on the wall to see
what each is doing to win the chess match."

Butler likes Belichick and the Patriots to win the chess match.

"He'll have a good game plan and exploit whatever weaknesses there are to
exploit," Butler said. "I just trust him. I would rather ride with those guys
before Denver."

Fleener is reluctant to go out on a limb, but gives the nod to the Patriots'
defense over the others since the Colts lost to the Pats, 43-22.

"You see Tom Brady mentioned in every article, and you don't necessarily see
their defense," Fleener said. "It's not the '85 Bears defense, but at the same
time, they probably don't get the credit that they deserve."

Asked specifically what impressed him about the Patriots, Fleener said, "I think
that the Patriots are notorious for getting the most out of guys that maybe
aren't the superstars, and aren't the most notable or have the most notoriety,
and I think that's huge in camaraderie and team-building. There may be more
talent on some of these other teams, and to be honest, they're all really
impressive defenses. There's not one where you kind of say, 'Oh, well I hope
their offense can carry it.' "

The Colts beat the Broncos, 39-33, in October.

"Losing Von Miller I think is tough," Fleener said. "He's a guy that you have to
account for on every single play to make sure that, you get chipping him, or
somebody helping. That's going to obviously hurt them. Other than that, I would
say they have some pretty darn good players at every level.   I think their
defense would also be underrated."

Both defenses figure to be tested, given the nature of the legendary
quarterbacks.

"It seems like they're always getting their teams in the right play," Butler
said. "That's what makes it so difficult to play against guys like that."

Manning would seem to have more aerial weapons at his disposal than Brady.
Demaryius Thomas will be Aqib Talib's problem.

"[Thomas is] big, physical, does a good job attacking the ball in the air,
really stretch the field, and he's dangerous with the ball in his hands," Butler
said. "They run a lot of those quick screens where Peyton just gets him the
ball, gets a couple of blockers in front of him, I've seen him take a few of
those, you know, big plays. He's a guy that brings a lot of different challenges
to a defensive back."

Then there's Butler's former teammate Wes Welker. "Probably the most successful
at his position ever," Butler said. "He's always in space, usually working from
the slot, he's a small guy, it helps him get in and out of cuts. Especially
against bigger, longer defenders, it's a little tougher to guard him unless you
get your hands on him."

Brady's go-to-guy in the post Aaron Hernandez-Rob Gronkowski world has been
Julian Edelman.

"Edelman is a strong runner," Butler said. "I would compare him to [Seattle's]
Golden Tate, they're pretty much the same receiver. He's been a security blanket
this year, he's another great guy with the ball in his hands."

Running back Shane Vereen is a dynamic matchup problem out of the backfield for
linebackers.

"It's basically what Kevin Faulk was to them six, seven years ago as far as
creating that mismatch on the outside," Butler said. "He's like another receiver
for them, basically."

Blount will try to keep Manning on the sidelines (with help from Stevan Ridley).

"He's a bruiser, but the thing about LeGarrette, he has surprising speed,"
Butler said. "He's a load to handle in that hole also."

Meanwhile, Knowshon Moreno will try to keep Brady on the sidelines (with help
from Montee Ball).

"Dependable," Butler said of Moreno. "Peyton trusts him."

Saturday: Colts players break down the NFC Championship.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -UP IN THE AIR: Tom Brady threw for just 198 yards against the Colts in
the Patriots' AFC divisional round victory, but Indianapolis cornerback Darius
Butler says "with Chris Harris being hurt, Von Miller being out, I see them
probably passing a little more." [USA TODAY Sports]-COBY FLEENER.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

California: The Future of Cyber Investigations at the FBI Is Unclear

LENGTH: 816  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The Rand Corporation, The State of California has issued the
following news release:



   Judge Robert J. Bryan of the U.S. District Court for the Western District of
Washington might not realize it, but his actions may affect the extent to which
the FBI emphasizes the law enforcement or intelligence gathering aspects of its
mission. Bryan recently excluded evidence presented by the FBI in the case of
U.S. v. Jay Michaud showing that a defendant allegedly accessed child
pornography. It was excluded because the FBI was unwilling to reveal the
particular software exploit used to collect the evidence.





 Here's what happened: The FBI developed a capability to exploit a computer's
vulnerability and installed software to collect evidence from a suspect's
computer. The FBI awkwardly calls this capability a "network inspection tool."
The defense attorneys filed numerous motions to compel the FBI to reveal the
complete method by which it acquired the evidence, to ensure that the search was
legal under the Fourth Amendment. While the FBI revealed the code used to
collect the evidence, it chose not to reveal the specific vulnerability used to
gain access to the suspect's computer in the first place.



 Essentially, the FBI argued that a judge doesn't need to know how a lock was
picked in order to rule on the lawfulness of evidence found inside a house. And
the reason the agency wants to conceal the technique is that exposing the
particular software exploit would enable criminals to patch their systems, which
would prevent the FBI from using this capability. By refusing to provide the
court with information about the exploit, the FBI made the decision to continue
using it, potentially jeopardizing this and other prosecutions based on the same
exploit.



 This is not the first time the FBI has exploited a vulnerability on a suspect's
computer in order to install software that collected evidence. In 2007, the FBI
installed software on the computer of a person suspected of making bomb threats
against a school. From the computer, the software collected information that was
then transmitted back to the FBI. The tool was known as a "computer and internet
protocol address verifier." But in this case, the suspect pleaded guilty to the
charges without forcing the FBI to reveal exactly how it compromised the
suspect's computer.



 This is also not the first time that the FBI exploited an unknown software
vulnerability (often referred to as a zero-day vulnerability) to acquire digital
evidence. The recent battle between the FBI and Apple to unlock the cellphone of
the alleged killer in the San Bernardino case promptly ended when the FBI was
able to exploit a zero-day vulnerability and gain access to the phone.



 Nor is it the first time that law enforcement withdrew critical evidence over
concerns of exposing their cyber techniques. In 2014, state police in Baltimore
withdrew evidence allegedly collected using a Stingray, an electronic device
that mimics a cellphone tower and enables law enforcement to intercept cellphone
calls.



 But there is an important difference between these cases and the U.S. v. Jay
Michaud. This is the first time that the FBI has voluntarily withdrawn evidence
collected by exploiting a zero-day vulnerability. The FBI's dilemma going
forward is that the more it relies on exploiting these kinds of hidden software
vulnerabilities, the more it will be forced to reveal them to the public.



 If the FBI chooses to use and reveal the agency's exploits, it risks exposing
its capabilities, enabling other criminals to patch their computers. On the
other hand, if the FBI conceals its exploits, then it risks the ability to
successfully prosecute cyber criminals should further evidence be questioned and
ultimately withdrawn.



 This raises two important concerns. First, whether, in the cyber domain, the
FBI will operate less like a law enforcement agency, and more like a de facto
cyber-intelligence agency that collects inadmissible information. While the
judge's decision may well be appealed, the fact remains that the more crimes are
committed in cyberspace, and the more law enforcement must rely on the
tradecraft of finding and exploiting software vulnerabilities, the more pressure
will be placed on them to reveal their capabilities and maintain an effective
role as a federal law enforcement agency.



 The second concern regards the public's ability to exercise effective oversight
of the FBI's activities. As the FBI withdraws more evidence in fear of revealing
its techniques, the less insight the public will have concerning the agency's
methods and whether they comply with the rules. If the public isn't told how the
lock was picked, then it becomes even more important to have oversight over the
lock pickers.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 18, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

PLUS: HORSE RACING -- 3-YEAR-OLDS;
After Injury, Exploit Is Retired to Stud

BYLINE: By KEN GURNICK

SECTION: Section D; Page 7; Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 281 words


Exploit, compared favorably by the trainer Bob Baffert to the last two Kentucky
Derby winners and unbeaten until finishing second in Saturday's San Felipe
Stakes at Santa Anita, was retired to stud after suffering a knee fracture in
the race, Baffert said yesterday in Arcadia, Calif.

The jockey Chris McCarron noticed the colt favoring his left front leg after the
race, Baffert said, but it took three days for swelling to appear. X-rays
revealed a small fracture late Tuesday. Baffert said surgery could have returned
Exploit to the track late this year, but the owners Bob and Beverly Lewis
retired the son of Storm Cat to protect his value as a sire with a popular
pedigree. The injury will be allowed to heal naturally.

"He already proved enough," Baffert said of Exploit, who won his first five
races. "He's worth more money as a stallion. Besides, sometimes when you bring
them back, they're never the same."

Horses trained by Baffert have won the last two runnings of the Kentucky Derby:
Real Quiet in 1998 and the Lewises' Silver Charm in 1997. Like Exploit, both
finished second in the San Felipe. "Exploit compares right with them, only he
has a better pedigree," Baffert said.

Despite the early favorite's defection, Baffert trainees remain prominent for
the May 1 Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs. Prime Timber and General Challenge
are pointing to the April 3 Santa Anita Derby. Baffert also trains the standout
fillies Silverbulletday and Excellent Meeting (likely for the Kentucky Oaks) and
the colt Straight Man (also owned by the Lewises).

With five victories in six starts, Exploit earned $396,254. Stud plans are not
completed.   KEN GURNICK

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              29 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 05, 1999, Friday

BET THE EARLY- MORNING LINE

BYLINE: By BILL FINLEY

SECTION: Sports; Pg.  118

LENGTH: 340 words


Coming soon: breakfast at OTB.

New York City OTB soon will begin offering betting on races from England and
Ireland and, perhaps, France, as it continues to expand its ever-growing menu of
pari-mutuel opportunities. The European races will begin about 9 a.m. local time
and will conclude before the first live race at the NYRA tracks.

According to senior vice president of marketing Allen Gutterman, the European
races should begin about April 1 and be available four or five days a week. They
will be shown in the city over one of the Crosswalks channels, and some OTB
shops and teletheaters will be open as well. The European races also will be
available in Pennsylvania, with Philadelphia Park operating as the hub track.

There will not be any betting on European racing in the winter, when
steeplechase racing is the main product available.

Past-performance information will be made available to OTB customers.

Derby dish: Bob Baffert is feeling pretty good about his chances in the Kentucky
Derby. "Right now the Derby is mine to lose," Baffert said yesterday.

He's probably right. One week after winning the Santa Catalina with General
Challenge, Baffert sends out Exploit, his top gun, in tomorrow's San Vicente at
Santa Anita. Only three others are entered in the seven-furlong race: Futural,
Aristotle and Yes It's True. The purse is $ 150,000. Exploit is 4-for-4 lifetime
and has not started since winning the Nov. 28 Kentucky Jockey Club at Churchill
Downs. With Breeders' Cup Juvenile winner Answer Lively flopping in his
3-year-old debut in the Lecomte Handicap, Exploit is the consenus winter-book
favorite.

"He won't be cranked up," Baffert said of Exploit. "It's not worth having him
cranked up yet. You want to have him in as easy a race as possible right now,
with the hard ones down the road."

Baffert, who has won the last two Derbies, has at least six serious Derby
prospects in Exploit, General Challenge, Prime Timber, Finder's Gold and fillies
Silverbulletday and Excellent Meeting.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                              30 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                              May 11, 2012 Friday

Don't do it, Canada

BYLINE: JAMES HANSEN

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 935 words

ABSTRACT

If we exploit tar sands, we will leave our children a climate system that is out
of control.

FULL TEXT

Global warming isn't a prediction. It is happening. That is why I was so
troubled to read a recent interview with President Obama in Rolling Stone in
which he said that Canada would exploit the oil in its vast tar sands reserves
''regardless of what we do.''

If Canada proceeds, and we do nothing, it will be game over for the climate.

Canada's tar sands, deposits of sand saturated with bitumen, contain twice the
amount of carbon dioxide emitted by global oil use in our entire history. If we
were to fully exploit this new oil source, and continue to burn our conventional
oil, gas and coal supplies, concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere
eventually would reach levels higher than in the Pliocene era, more than 2.5
million years ago, when sea level was at least 50 feet higher than it is now.

That level of heat-trapping gases would assure that the disintegration of the
ice sheets would accelerate out of control. Sea levels would rise and destroy
coastal cities. Global temperatures would become intolerable. Twenty to 50
percent of the planet's species would be driven to extinction. Civilization
would be at risk.

That is the long-term outlook. But near-term, things will be bad enough. Over
the next several decades, the Western United States and the semi-arid region
from North Dakota to Texas will develop semi-permanent drought, with rain, when
it does come, occurring in extreme events with heavy flooding. Economic losses
would be incalculable. More and more of the Midwest would be a dust bowl.
California's Central Valley could no longer be irrigated. Food prices would rise
to unprecedented levels.

If this sounds apocalyptic, it is. This is why we need to reduce emissions
dramatically. Obama has the power not only to deny tar sands oil additional
access to Gulf Coast refining, which Canada desires in part for export markets,
but also to encourage economic incentives to leave tar sands and other dirty
fuels in the ground.

The global warming signal is now louder than the noise of random weather, as I
predicted would happen by now in the journal Science in 1981. Extremely hot
summers have increased noticeably. We can say with high confidence that the
recent heat waves in Texas and Russia, and the one in Europe in 2003, which
killed tens of thousands, were not natural events: They were caused by
human-induced climate change.

We have known since the 1800s that carbon dioxide traps heat in the atmosphere.
The right amount keeps the climate conducive to human life. But add too much and
temperatures will rise too high. This is not the result of natural variability,
as some argue. The earth is currently in the part of its long-term orbit cycle
where temperatures would normally be cooling. But they are rising - and it's
because we are forcing them higher with fossil fuel emissions.

The concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has risen from 280 parts
per million to 393 p.p.m. over the last 150 years. The tar sands contain enough
carbon - 240 gigatons - to add 120 p.p.m. Tar shale, a close cousin of tar sands
found mainly in the United States, contains at least an additional 300 gigatons
of carbon. If we turn to these dirtiest of fuels, instead of finding ways to
phase out our addiction to fossil fuels, there is no hope of keeping carbon
concentrations below 500 p.p.m. - a level that would, as earth's history shows,
leave our children a climate system that is out of their control.

We need to start reducing emissions significantly. We should impose a gradually
rising carbon fee, collected from fossil fuel companies, then distribute 100
percent of the collections to all Americans on a per-capita basis every month.
The government would not get a penny.

This market-based approach would stimulate innovation, jobs and economic growth,
avoid enlarging government or having it pick winners or losers. Most Americans,
except the heaviest energy users, would get more back than they paid in
increased prices. Not only that, the reduction in oil use resulting from the
carbon price would be nearly six times as great as the oil supply from the
proposed pipeline from Canada, rendering the pipeline superfluous, according to
economic models driven by a slowly rising carbon price.

But instead of placing a rising fee on carbon emissions to make fossil fuels pay
their true costs, leveling the energy playing field, the world's governments are
forcing the public to subsidize fossil fuels with hundreds of billions of
dollars per year. This encourages a frantic stampede to extract every fossil
fuel through mountaintop removal, longwall mining, hydraulic fracturing, tar
sands and tar shale extraction, and deep ocean and Arctic drilling.

Obama speaks of a ''planet in peril,'' but he does not provide the leadership
needed to change the world's course. Our leaders must speak candidly to the
public, explaining that our continued technological leadership and economic
well-being demand a reasoned change of our energy course. History has shown that
the American public can rise to the challenge, but leadership is essential.

The science of the situation is clear; it's time for the politics to follow.
This is a plan that can unify conservatives and liberals, environmentalists and
business. Every major national science academy in the world has reported that
global warming is real and requires urgent action. The cost of acting goes far
higher the longer we wait. We can't wait any longer to avoid the worst and be
judged immoral by coming generations.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: directs the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies and is the author of
''Storms of My Grandchildren.''

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

NSS Labs, Inc. has applies for US Patent titled as "MALWARE AND EXPLOIT CAMPAIGN
DETECTION SYSTEM AND METHOD"

LENGTH: 203  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150074810 for US Patent, published on March 12, 2015, by NSS Labs, Inc.,
titled as "MALWARE AND EXPLOIT CAMPAIGN DETECTION SYSTEM AND METHOD" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  SAHER; Mohamed; (Austin, TX) ; PATHAK; Jayendra; (Austin, TX)
Assignee:  NSS Labs, Inc.

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
malware and exploit campaign detection system and method are provided that
cannot be detected by the malware or exploit campaign. The system may provide
threat feed data to the vendors that produce in-line network security and end
point protection (anti virus) technologies. The system may also be used as a
testing platform for 3.sup.rd party products. Due to the massive footprint of
the system's cloud infrastructure and disparate network connections and
geo-location obfuscation techniques, NSS can locate and monitor malware across
the globe and provide detailed threat analysis for each specific region, as they
often support and host different malware/cybercrime campaigns."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              May 17, 2015 Sunday

Iran MP says USA only seeking to "exploit" Arab countries

LENGTH: 203 words


A senior Iranian MP has said that the USA is only seeking to "exploit" Arab
countries, the Islamic Consultative Assembly News Agency (ICANA) reported on 17
May.

"In the current circumstances, the USA is only seeking to exploit and make use
of the wealth and resources of Arab countries. Therefore, the authorities of
these countries should be vigilant and thwart these attempts," member of the
Iranian Majlis (parliament) National Security and Foreign Policy Committee Abbas
Ali Mansuri-Arani told ICANA.

Underlining the importance of the Persian Gulf's security for the region, the MP
stated: "All countries know that the slightest turbulence in that area [Persian
Gulf] would create many problems for all [regional] countries."

Mansuri-Arani further said that the presence of Western countries would only
lead to increased problems and pressure.

"The Persian Gulf's security should definitely be ensured by regional
countries," he added.

He stressed that Iran had always strived to strengthen its relations with
neighbouring countries, adding that actions of Western countries' had negatively
affected these attempts.

Source: Islamic Consultative Assembly News Agency (ICANA) website, Tehran, in
Persian 0658 gmt 17 May 15

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday

US Patent granted to Webroot Inc. (Colorado) on July 30 titled as "Detection of
scripting-language-based exploits using parse tree transformation"

LENGTH: 214  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,499,283, on
July 30, 2013, to Webroot Inc. (Colorado), titled as "Detection of
scripting-language-based exploits using parse tree transformation"

Inventors:  Mony; Rajesh (Sunnyvale, CA)
Assignee:  Webroot Inc. (Broomfield, CO)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Systems and methods for protecting client computers are described. One
exemplary system includes an initial filter that gathers scripting-language-data
from webpage data and a signature database of signatures of known
scripting-language-data exploits. In addition, a parser generates a parse tree
from the scripting-language-data, and a normalization and signature matching
component reduces a complexity of the parse tree, generates a representation of
at least a portion of a structure of the parse tree, and prevents the
scripting-language-data from reaching an intended recipient if the
representation matches one of the signatures of known scripting-language-data
exploits."

The patent was filed on January 20, 2011 Application no. 13/010,639

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 999 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                  May 12, 2012

                              Provident Energy Ltd

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


BreitBurn Energy Partners To Acquire Wyoming Oil Properties From Legacy Energy
For $98 Million

   Date: 4/25/2012 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Pembina Pipeline Completes Acquisition Of Provident Energy For $3.71 Billion

   Date: 1/16/2012 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


BreitBurn Energy Partners Prices Public Offering Of Units For $150.4 Million

   Date: 2/2/2012 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


BreitBurn Energy Partners Completes Private Placement Of 7.875% Senior Unsecured
Notes Due 2022 For $250 Million

   Date: 1/10/2012 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


BreitBurn Energy Partners Acquires Natural Gas And Oil Properties From Cabot Oil
& Gas

   Date: 7/27/2011 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Provident Energy Acquires Three Star Trucking

   Date: 7/11/2011 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


BreitBurn Energy To Acquire Oil Properties In Wyoming

   Date: 6/14/2011 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Provident Energy Completes Underwriters Over-Allotment Of Debentures For $23.4
Million

   Date: 4/18/2011 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Provident Energy Enters Into Joint Venture Agreement With Altagas

   Date: 3/2/2011 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


BreitBurn Energy Partners Completes Public Offering For $104.1 Million

   Date: 2/7/2011 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Provident Energy Completes Public Offering Of $169.48 Million

   Date: 10/19/2010 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


BreitBurn Energy Partners Completes Private Placement Of 8.625% Senior Unsecured
Notes Due 2020 For $305 Million

   Date: 9/23/2010 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Midnight Oil Exploration Acquires Provident Energy Resources

   Date: 4/19/2010 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Provident Energy Acquires Corunna Storage Facility In Sarnia From The Dow
Chemical

   Date: 11/25/2009 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Provident Energy Trust Sells Its Oil And Gas Assets In West Central Alberta

   Date: 12/23/2009 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Emerge Oil & Gas Acquires Interest In Lloydminster Heavy Oil Assets From
Provident Energy

   Date: 10/28/2009 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Crescent Point Energy Acquires Oil And Gas Assets In Saskatchewan From Provident
Energy

   Date: 8/13/2009 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Provident Energy Completes Sale Of Its Assets In Lloydminster Area Of Alberta

   Date: 8/13/2009 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


BreitBurn Energy Partners Sells Non-Core Permian Basin Oil Properties

   Date: 7/17/2009 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


BreitBurn Energy Announces Unit Purchase Rights Plan

   Date: 12/22/2008 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Provident Energy Sells Equity Interest In BreitBurn To Metalmark Capital,
Greenhill Capital Partners And Managers Of BreitBurn

   Date: 7/30/2008 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


BreitBurn Energy Partners Acquires BreitBurn GP From Provident Energy

   Date: 6/17/2008 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Provident Energy Acquires Triwest Energy

   Date: 10/22/2007 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


BreitBurn Energy Partners Acquires Natural Gas, Oil And Midstream Assets From
Quicksilver Resources

   Date: 9/12/2007 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Breitburn Energy Completes Private Placement Of $450 Million

   Date: 9/11/2007 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Provident Energy Trust Acquires Capitol Energy Resources

   Date: 5/3/2007 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Provident Energy Completes $336.52 Million Bought Deal Financing

   Date: 5/3/2007 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Breitburn Energy Partners Acquires Interests In Two Significant California Oil
Fields

   Date: 5/25/2007 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


BreitBurn Energy Partners Completes Private Placement Of $92 Million

   Date: 5/25/2007 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


BreitBurn Energy Partners Acquires Florida Oil Properties From Calumet Florida

   Date: 5/17/2007 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


BreitBurn Energy Partners Completes Private Placement Of $130 Million

   Date: 5/17/2007 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Breitburn Energy Partners Acquires Lazy JL Field From Voyager Gas

   Date: 1/22/2007 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Breitburn Energy Partners Completes IPO

   Date: 5/12/2006 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Provident Energy Acquires Rainbow Assets

   Date: 7/11/2006 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.


Provident Energy Completes $202.1 Million Bought Deal Financing

   Date: 7/11/2006 12:00:00 AM

   BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P., an oil and gas company, agreed to acquire
Wyoming oil properties located in Park County in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming,
from Legacy Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NiMin Energy Corp., for a
purchase consideration of approximately $98m.

The acquired oil properties cover an area of approximately 3,200 acres. The
properties have proved reserves of approximately 5.9 MMboe, plus additional
unproved potential, with a production rate of 600 boed (100% oil).

The acquisition will enable BreitBurn Energy Partners to continue to exploit its
regional operating expertise.

Randy Breitenbach, president of BreitBurn Energy Partners, said, We are pleased
to announce another excellent bolt-on oil acquisition in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, an area where we have significant oil producing assets and extensive
experience with our legacy properties. These fields adjoin our existing Big Horn
operations, produce 100% oil, have long-lived reserves and significant original
oil in place. This acquisition will allow us to continue to exploit our regional
operating expertise. We have also identified numerous infill drilling locations
that we expect to begin drilling later this year which should drive meaningful
production growth from these assets. This is a truly bolt-on acquisition which
moves forward our 2012 operating plan and growth-through-acquisition strategy.

Macquarie Tristone is acting as financial advisor to NiMin Energy and Legacy
Energy in the transaction. The transaction is expected to be closed on or before
July 2012, subject to the approval by NiMin Energy shareholders.

The transaction implies deal values of $163,333.33 per boe of daily production,
$16.61 per boe of 1P reserves.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Investment Analysis
Company Operational Analysis            Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
Financial Ratios                        History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2012


                              35 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

International Business Machines Corporation (New York) applies for US Patent
titled as "DETECTING WEB EXPLOIT KITS BY TREE-BASED STRUCTURAL SIMILARITY
SEARCH"

LENGTH: 179 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160337388 for US Patent, published on November 17, 2016, by
International Business Machines Corporation (New York), titled as "DETECTING WEB
EXPLOIT KITS BY TREE-BASED STRUCTURAL SIMILARITY SEARCH"  for the registration
of patent.Inventors: HU; Xin; (White Plains, NY) ; JANG; Jiyong; (White Plains,
NY) ; MONROSE; Fabian; (Chapel Hill, NC) ; STOECKLIN; Marc Philippe; (Bern, CH)
; TAYLOR; Teryl; (Chapel Hill, NC) ; WANG; Ting; (White PlaiApplicant:
International Business Machines Corporation   Armonk   NY (New York)According to
the abstract released by the U.S. Patent &amp; Trademark Office: "A method of
detecting exploit kits includes receiving, at an input port of a computer,
indication of HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) traffic. The HTTP traffic is
clustered into a web session tree according to a client IP (Internet Protocol. A
client tree structure of the web session tree is generated. The client tree
structure is compared with tree structures of exploit kit samples."

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

International Business Machines Corporation (New York) applies for US Patent
titled as "DETECTING WEB EXPLOIT KITS BY TREE-BASED STRUCTURAL SIMILARITY
SEARCH"

LENGTH: 179 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160337387 for US Patent, published on November 17, 2016, by
International Business Machines Corporation (New York), titled as "DETECTING WEB
EXPLOIT KITS BY TREE-BASED STRUCTURAL SIMILARITY SEARCH"  for the registration
of patent.Inventors: Hu; Xin; (White Plains, NY) ; JANG; Jiyong; (White Plains,
NY) ; MONROSE; Fabian; (Chapel Hill, NC) ; STOECKLIN; Marc Philippe; (Bern, CH)
; TAYLOR; Teryl; (Chapel Hill, NC) ; WANG; Ting; (White PlaiApplicant:
International Business Machines Corporation   Armonk   NY (New York)According to
the abstract released by the U.S. Patent &amp; Trademark Office: "A method of
detecting exploit kits includes receiving, at an input port of a computer,
indication of HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) traffic. The HTTP traffic is
clustered into a web session tree according to a client IP (Internet Protocol. A
client tree structure of the web session tree is generated. The client tree
structure is compared with tree structures of exploit kit samples."

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              April 4, 2008 Friday
                                  City Edition

It's nothing more than slave labor

SECTION: OPINION; YOUR VIEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 604 words


Regarding "HB 1804 could hurt state, study shows" (Business news story, March
26): State Rep. Randy Terrill is correct when stating the study was flawed. I
know firsthand of restaurants that hire illegal immigrants and it's not because
they can't afford to hire anyone at minimum wage but because they can hire and
exploit them. And we allow this to happen! Until businesses are held accountable
for this action, the U.S. will continue to harbor and exploit illegal
immigrants.

This is nothing more than slave labor. The businesses want this to continue
because they make more money; they couldn't care less about the people they
exploit. House Bill 1804 hasn't yet deterred anyone from crossing the border.
Illegal immigrants come here as easily as you and I go from one state to the
next. I don't blame illegal immigrants; I blame our country for allowing this
slave labor to continue.

If we want illegal immigrants to be here, we need to pay them just as we would
any other human being instead of allowing businesses to exploit them. We need to
hold the businesses accountable for the law, just as we'd hold anyone else
accountable.

Lisa Singleton, Lawton

Not a right

Allan Parker's comments on smoking bans (Your Views, March 28) reflect the views
of so many citizens today: My personal desires are rights! But unlike the right
to bear arms, smoking isn't a right. Although Oklahoma ranks fourth in the
percentage (26) of smokers, the ratio of nonsmokers is almost 3-to-1. Parker
concludes his letter with this statement: "This is the time for smokers to
unite! It's time to stand up, speak up, be counted and fight for our rights."
The reason other states and many cities have banned smoking in public places is
because nonsmokers have united, spoken up, spent years trying to get their
personal preferences (not rights) heard. Finally they were counted because they
fought to not be bombarded by tobacco smoke in offices, public buildings,
stores, restaurants and now pubs.

David Browne, Oklahoma City

Even exchange

In response to Allan Parker (Your Views, March 28): I will indeed leave Parker
alone if he will also give me some consideration. I don't want to smell his
offensive secondhand smoke. I also pay taxes. All I want from Parker and other
smokers is for them not to sue the tobacco companies because their body parts
fail or have to be cut out.

Wanda Snyder, Ardmore

Remember April 15

I've always thought that elections would turn out differently if they were held
on April 16 - the day after tax day. By November our memories have faded. As you
prepare your taxes this month, ask yourself if you think the government is being
as diligent in spending your money are you were in earning it. Then remember
this when you vote and decide if those you're choosing understand the role of
government and the value of someone else's dollar.

Monema Stephens, Edmond

Crying wolf

I agree 100 percent with Stephen K. Maple (Your Views, March 27). In fact, I've
called the TV stations several times when their weathermen are grandstanding and
staying on the air live when we're having only a normal Oklahoma springtime
thunderstorm. A lot of us senior citizens are so tired of this that we're either
turning the TV off or going to a cable station when the weathermen start up.
Someone's going to get killed because the weathermen have cried wolf so many
times when it's just a regular spring storm. When we face a real danger, we're
not going to listen. It would be nice if they'd put the live radar screen in a
transparency in the corner of the screen as I have seen in other parts of the
country.

Dorothy Henson, Oklahoma City

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             August 8, 2011 Monday

Cypriot government says Turkey's position on natural resources "unacceptable"

LENGTH: 415 words


Text of report in English by Greek Cypriot news agency CNA

["Spokesman: Turkish Threats Against Cyprus' Natural Resources,
Unacceptable"-Cyprus News Agency headline]

Nicosia, 6 August: The Republic of Cyprus has the sovereign right to exploit its
natural resources within the international law and order, Government Spokesman
Stephanos Stephanou [Stefanos Stefanou] has stressed.

Commenting on the Turkish Foreign Ministry announcement regarding Cyprus's plans
to exploit its natural gas resources in its Exclusive Economic Zone, Stephanou
denounced the announcement, describing it as unacceptable.

The Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs claimed that Cyprus' plans to explore
and exploit its hydrocarbon reserves is not in line with international law and
does not contribute to efforts to solve the Cyprus problem.

"The Republic of Cyprus has the sovereign right to exploit its natural resources
and it does so always in accordance to the international law and order" the
Spokesman underlines.

Noting that Turkey continues its policy of threatening Cyprus, the Spokesman
stresses that "the Cyprus problem cannot be solved with threats."

"The Cyprus problem can be solved by respecting and implementing the UNSC
resolutions on Cyprus, resolutions which Turkey provocatively ignores and does
not implement", he underlines.

According to Stephanou, it is up to Turkey to solve the Cyprus problem, so that
the illegal Turkish occupation of 37 per cent of Cyprus' territory ends and its
people, Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots are in the position to jointly
exploit the island's natural resources.

Drilling for natural gas off the southern coast of Cyprus will begin around
October.

Cyprus has signed a production-sharing contract with Houston-based Noble Energy.
The company has a concession to explore for hydrocarbons in an offshore field in
its Exclusive Economic Zone, southeast of Cyprus, known as Block 12.

The Eastern Mediterranean area is believed to have a massive amount of natural
gas resources.

Cyprus has signed an agreement to delineate the Exclusive Economic Zone with
Egypt and Israel with a view to exploit any possible natural gas and oil
reserves in its EEZ. A similar agreement was signed with Lebanon but the
Lebanese Parliament has not yet ratified it.

Cyprus has been divided since 1974 when Turkey invaded and occupied its northern
third.

Turkey is the only state in the world, which does not recognize the Republic of
Cyprus.

Source: Cyprus News Agency, Nicosia, in English 6 Aug 11

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 30, 2015 Monday

Regulatory update: New York State Department of Public Service; Eric Stand , has
submitted (14-M-0101) I think we all need to share individual and group
responsibility for our carbon footprint. You have

LENGTH: 293 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document:



 I think we all need to share individual and group responsibility for our carbon
footprint.

You have the authority to take a leadership role in that responsibility. Please
take this issue seriously as the consequences of continuing to exploit
conventional energy sources are not sustainable for a healthy future.I think we
all need to share individual and group responsibility for our carbon footprint.
You have the authority to take a leadership role in that responsibility. Please
take this issue seriously as the consequences of continuing to exploit
conventional energy sources are not sustainable for a healthy future.I think we
all need to share individual and group responsibility for our carbon footprint.
You have the authority to take a leadership role in that responsibility. Please
take this issue seriously as the consequences of continuing to exploit
conventional energy sources are not sustainable for a healthy future.I think we
all need to share individual and group responsibility for our carbon footprint.
You have the authority to take a leadership role in that responsibility. Please
take this issue seriously as the consequences of continuing to exploit
conventional energy sources are not sustainable for a healthy future.I think we
all need to share individual and group responsibility for our carbon footprint.
You have the authority to take a leadership role in that responsibility. Please
take this issue seriously as the consequences of continuing to exploit
conventional energy sources are not sustainable for a healthy future.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 17, 2012 Saturday

Duke's Plumlees unable to exploit height against undersized Lehigh

BYLINE: Bret Strelow, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 318 words


March 17--GREENSBORO -- Six-foot-11 Mason Plumlee caught a pass at the top of
the key, dribbled through the lane and elevated for an emphatic one-handed dunk.

Not a bad way for Duke to begin its NCAA tournament opener against Lehigh.

Plumlee dunked two more times in the first 3 minutes, totaled six slams and
didn't miss any of his field-goal attempts, but the Blue Devils weren't able to
fully exploit their size advantage in a 75-70 loss to the Mountain Hawks.

Plumlee scored 19 points on 9-for-9 shooting. His teammates were a combined
15-for-49, including 6-for-26 from 3-point range.

"If I didn't get the ball more, that was on me," Plumlee said. "Tyler (Thornton)
and the other guys were looking for me. I had my opportunities. It wasn't about
me. We needed to get scores as a team, and we went about that the best way we
knew how."

Plumlee became a focal point for Lehigh's defense, and Duke's perimeter players
weren't able to knock down open shots, especially when coach Mike Krzyzewski put
Andre Dawkins at the '4' spot in the second half and tried a four-guard lineup.
At other times, the Mountain Hawks pressured Plumlee into turnovers, whether via
a walk or bad pass. He finished with four of the Blue Devils' 13 turnovers.

"They were quick to double or send guys down," he said. "A couple times I'd turn
around and there would be two, three guys."

It was an emotional night for Plumlee, who watched his older brother, Miles,
complete his Duke career with a hard-to-swallow loss.

Mason is just a junior, but it's possible he could leave school early for the
NBA.

"Obviously, I'll meet with Coach about that," he said. "That's all I can really
say."

Staff writer Bret Strelow can be reached at strelowb@fayobserver.com or
486-3513.

___ (c)2012 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120317-FY-Duke-s-Plumlees-unable-to-exploit
-height-against-undersized-Lehigh-0317-20120317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2012 The Fayetteville Observer


                              41 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            November 16, 2007 Friday

the linebacker;
NFL selections for Week 11

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S03

LENGTH: 1076 words


Carolina (4-5)

at Green Bay (8-1)

1 p.m.

LINE: Packers by 10

PICK: PACKERSPanthers' QB-by-committee continues to underline how much they miss
injured Jake Delhomme. WR Steve Smith is particularly suffering from the pivot's
absence, with only 10 catches and zero TDs in his past three games. Brett Favre
continues to avoid turnovers and is getting help from RB Ryan Grant. Arizona
(4-5)

at Cincinnati (3-6)

1 p.m.

LINE: Bengals by 3

PICK: CARDINALSArizona has just one win in five road games, but none of the
losses has been by more than seven points. Coach Ken Whisenhunt spent years in
Cincinnati and should be able to exploit his insider's knowledge. Bengals come
off high of beating up on Baltimore last week and have WR Chris Henry
back.Cleveland (5-4)

at Baltimore (4-5)

1 p.m.

LINE: Browns by 3

PICK: BROWNSThe Ravens underdogs at home to ... the Browns? Yup. Baltimore,
plagued by injuries, turnovers, penalties and QB questions, is 1-8 against the
line this season. QB Derek Anderson has been a revelation for Cleveland, which
already has scored more points than it did all of last season. Browns look to
exploit soft remaining schedule.Tampa Bay (5-4)

at Atlanta (3-6)

1 p.m.

LINE: Buccaneers by 3

PICK: FALCONSBucs come off bye looking to continue to take advantage of good
play of QB Jeff Garcia and fill-in RB Earnest Graham. Only 2-11 in their last 13
on the road, they look to exploit a Falcons team that has won two in a row and
won both meetings last year (circa Michael Vick). Atlanta RB Warrick Dunn has
delivered back-to-back solid efforts.Oakland (2-7)

at Minnesota (3-6)

1 p.m.

LINE: Vikings by 51/2

PICK: VIKINGSLosing super-rookie RB Adrian Peterson to injury is a major blow,
but Vikes have a capable backup in Chester Taylor and Raiders are weak vs. run
anyway. Vikings have plenty of weakness themselves but deserve the edge here.
Keep the "under" in mind as scoring will be hard to come by.Miami (0-9)

at Philadelphia (4-5)

1 p.m.

LINE: Eagles by 10

PICK: DOLPHINSCan the Dolphins go an entire season without a win? They may reach
10 losses in a row after a visit to the Eagles with yet another QB (John Beck)
under centre, although pass defence has been the Eagles' Achilles heel. Philly's
motivation is that the Fish rank as a classic seafood sandwich for the Eagles
between the Redskins and Patriots. More, S7San Diego (5-4)

at Jacksonville (6-3)

1 p.m.

LINE: Jaguars by 3

PICK: JAGUARSRB LaDainian Tomlinson is having an off year under new head coach
Norv Turner, and QB Philip Rivers has been a bust with nine TDs and 10 INTs. The
Jags have QB David Garrard ready to return and his hallmark is his efficiency,
with no INTs and a 102.9 rating. The Jags need to control the clock with their
third-ranked rushing attack, led by RB Maurice Jones-Drew and RB Fred
Taylor.Kansas City (4-5)

at Indianapolis (7-2)

1 p.m., CBS

LINE: Colts by 141/2

PICK: COLTSThis is a huge week for the mental health of the Colts, as they have
lost DE Dwight Freeney for the year and lost their past two. RB Larry Johnson is
out for K.C. and Indy is a tough venue for Chiefs QB Brodie Croyle to get his
first start. WR Marvin Harrison may be back for the Colts, who are 5-1 under
Tony Dungy after back-to-back losses. New Orleans (4-5)

at Houston (4-5)

1 p.m.

LINE: Texans by 1

PICK: SAINTSAn inter-conference game between two teams on the fringe of the
wild-card race. Going into this week, the NFC and AFC have played even, so there
is no overall conference advantage. QB Matt Schaub will have his favourite
target in WR Andre Johnson. This one started out as the Saints by three. The
Saints have won four of five, but the Texans are coming off a needed
bye.Pittsburgh (7-2)

at N.Y. Jets (1-8)

4: 05 p.m.

LINE: Steelers by 9

PICK: STEELERSSteelers are getting outstanding performances on both sides of the
ball. They have allowed the fewest points in the league, while offensively QB
Ben Roethlisberger is enjoying a Brady-Romo-Favre-type season. The Jets, looking
to next year and with only one cover in their past seven games, have turned the
ball over (so to speak) to QB Kellen Clemens. N.Y. Giants (6-3)

at Detroit (6-3)

1 p.m., Fox, CTV

LINE: Giants by 3

PICK: LIONSPopular thinking is that the Lions' bubble has burst and they will
struggle to reach QB Jon Kitna's 10-win prediction. The desert is not an easy
place to play, and when the Lions lost to the Cards last week, it was similar to
the Steelers' blip. The Lions need a strong game from RB Kevin Jones. St. Louis
(1-8)

at San Francisco (2-7)

4: 15 p.m.

LINE: Rams by 3

PICK: RAMSThe Rams have had two straight solid performances from QB Marc Bulger.
The Niners have no faith in their offensive co-ordinator and QB Trent Dilfer is
limited by a lack of talent. RB Steven Jackson gave the Rams a boost with his
return. The Niners have lost seven in a row since beating the Rams 17-16.
Washington (5-4)

at Dallas (8-1)

4: 15 p.m., Fox, Omni2

LINE: Cowboys by 101/2

PICK: COWBOYSTony Romo continues to lead Dallas on a best-of-NFC trajectory,
having knocked off the Giants last week. In Washington, QB Jason Campbell has
thrown only nine TDs (Romo has 23). The Redskins have had their problems in the
Lone Star State vs. their long-time NFC East rivals, losing 10 of their past 11
visits there. Chicago (4-5)

at Seattle (5-4)

4: 15 p.m., Sportsnet

LINE: Seahawks by 6

PICK: SEAHAWKSQB Rex Grossman is playing the redemption song as he draws a key
start. The Bears beat the Seahawks 27-24 in the NFC divisional playoffs, but
that was then. The Bears have not won in Seattle in 31 years and are making a
second straight trip to the West Coast. The Bears have yielded 129 rushing yards
per game. New England (9-0)

at Buffalo (5-4)

8: 15 p.m., NBC, TSN

LINE: Patriots by 151/2

PICK: PATRIOTSThe Patriots have won their past three games at Buffalo by a total
of 64 points and have won all their games this season (except over Indy) by at
least 17. The Bills are 5-1 in their past six and are 5-0 as home underdogs this
season. Absence of ace Buffalo RB Marshawn Lynch will aid Pats' blowout
chances.Tennessee (6-3)

at Denver (4-5)

8: 30 p.m., TSN

LINE: Broncos by 2

PICK: TITANSQB Vince Young has been taking heat for his lack of development in
the passing game. Young and Broncos' Jay Cutler were the top two QBs from the
same draft and therefore draw comparisons. RB Selvin Young filled in nicely for
former Titan RB Travis Henry. Broncos have 31st-ranked run defence against the
Titans' fourth-ranked ground game. RECORD: last week 8-5-1; season 75-60-5

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2007 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              42 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Viasat Inc (California) on September 30, titled as
"Opportunistically delayed delivery in a satellite network"

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,848,535, on
September 30, 2014, to Viasat Inc (California), titled as "Opportunistically
delayed delivery in a satellite network"

Inventors:  Dankberg; Mark D. (Encinitas, CA), Newman; Daniel M. (Littleton, MA)

Assignee:  Viasat Inc. (Carlsbad, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Systems and methods are described for using opportunistically delayed delivery
of content to address sub-optimal bandwidth resource usage in network
infrastructures that allow subscribers to share forward link resources.
According to some embodiments, content is identified as delayable and assigned
to a delaycast queue and/or service flow. For example, a server system of a
satellite communications system identifies content that can be delayed to
exploit future excess link capacity through multicasting and to exploit
subscriber-side storage resources. Some implementations attempt to exploit any
excess link resources at any time, while others exploit unused bandwidth only
during certain times or when a certain threshold of resources is available.
Various embodiments also provide content scoring and/or other prioritization
techniques for optimizing exploitation of the delaycast queue."

The patent was filed on March 14, 2013 Application no. 13/831,008

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                            December 3, 2006 Sunday

Pa. start-up firm fails to find workers native to area

BYLINE: By DAN MILLER The (Harrisburg) Patriot-News

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 857 words


CAMP HILL - Joe Chiarella opens his laptop computer and goes online at Smoothe
Joe's Juice & Java in Lower Allen Township, checking to see who wants to be in
on what could be the next big thing.
Joe Chiarella, left, and Bryan Gembusia, of the start-up firm Exploit
Prevention Labs conduct a meeting in Mechanicsburg. Chiarella has received 30
resumes for a software developer job, but said he's unable to attract a serious
candidate from central Pa.

Chiarella has received nearly 30 resumes for a software developer job at Exploit
Prevention Labs, a small high-tech startup based in the Silver Spring Township
home of company CEO Bob Bales.

Chiarella has sought candidates for months by advertising in newspapers and on
Internet job boards such as dice.com, which targets information technology
workers.

The applicants are from all over, including Canada, India, Los Angeles and New
York City. But Chiarella said he has been unable to attract a serious candidate
from central Pennsylvania, and he's running out of time.

Midstate employers generally find it tough to attract and keep workers because
of the region's low unemployment rate and the large number of state-government
jobs. The challenge can be greater for small high-tech firms, which often don't
have the resources to offer competitive benefits or pay.

Graduates from area colleges and universities are drawn to places that offer a
certain research cachet, such as Silicon Valley in California, Boston, Atlanta
and Research Triangle Park in North Carolina.

Exploit Prevention Labs, known as XPL, has co-founders who call Atlanta and San
Francisco home. But at least 80 percent of the capital to start the company came
from midstate investors.

XPL is a "virtual" company. It has no offices in the area, and most of the
handful of midstate residents who work for XPL still have other full- or
part-time jobs. They work for XPL over the Internet and communicate by cell
phone, e-mail, instant messaging or webcams. They get together at places like
Juice & Java, where the Wi-Fi connection is free.

People can work for XPL from anywhere in the world. But at this stage in the
company's growth, it makes more sense for XPL to find a software developer from
central Pennsylvania. Area labor costs are generally lower, and the company's
servers and data-storage equipment are in the midstate.

Chiarella said having the software developer live elsewhere would be
inconvenient, but not an insurmountable challenge. If the company hires from
outside the region, the new employees won't be required to move here.

XPL was founded to produce and market software to counter the viruses that
exploit weaknesses in computers and networks.

Microsoft Corp. issues patches to find and destroy new viruses as part of its
normal Windows updates. But this can take weeks to months, said Chiarella, who
is XPL's product manager.

XPL has developed a product called SocketShield that can protect computer users
before a Microsoft fix is in place.

Bales has a solid track record. His last company, PestPatrol in Carlisle, was
sold for $40 million in 2004 to Computer Associates, a national computer
security company.

Before that, Bales co-founded the National Computer Security Association in
Carlisle, which grew to 100 employees before moving to Washington, D.C. The
company, now known as Cybertrust, has more than 2,000 employees and more than
$200 million in annual revenue.

Working for Bales sounds like a good idea. But XPL doesn't offer benefits such
as health insurance or a retirement plan. Some vacation time is offered. The pay
is less than similar jobs in the marketplace, but with stock options.

However, XPL offers the chance to be part of something that might develop into a
golden opportunity. But "you can't promise that," Chiarella said.

Chiarella had received promising resumes from several local candidates who
changed their minds. One, an immigrant from Asia, had a 3-month-old baby and
didn't want to change jobs until his green card came through. Another had two
kids in college.

Chiarella acknowledged that it's increasingly unlikely that the software
developer he hires will be from central Pennsylvania.

"I've intensified my search in Atlanta," he said. "The business has to come
first, and I'll go where I have to go."

Finding such talent in the midstate might not have been as big a challenge a few
years ago. In 1999, the Murata Business Center small-business incubator in
Carlisle was turning away companies for lack of space. The region spawned
startups such as Mapquest.com and Traffic.com that have since left and are now
known everywhere.

Then came the dot-com bust. People who got burned here left for a new start, or,
if they stayed, found secure jobs to support their families and buy homes. They
have become "risk-averse," Chiarella said.

This isn't unique to the midstate. But Chiarella said the area has an
economically conservative mind-set that doesn't always embrace "gazelle"
companies like XPL.

The typical midstate startup is a retailer whose business grows slowly over
time. The gazelle needs more capital investment to get going. But if it hits pay
dirt, the growth can be dramatic.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            July 12, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Microsoft reports 7 'critical' flaws: Weaknesses that hackers can exploit in
Windows and Office programs are identified

BYLINE: Rochelle Garner, Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


SAN FRANCISCO -- Microsoft Corp., the world's largest software maker, reported
seven major flaws that hackers can exploit in its Windows computer operating
system and Office business programs.

Microsoft identified 15 flaws, seven of which warranted its "critical"
designation, reserved for the most severe risks. Two Windows flaws can let
hackers remotely run computers that never access fraudulent websites or infected
files.

Hackers often target Microsoft programs, which run more than 90 per cent of all
personal computers, and the company has taken steps to increase protection for
users of its products. Test attacks have already been unleashed that exploit the
newly identified weaknesses, said David Cole, director of Symantec Security
Response, in an interview.

"Some bad guy could be in Bulgaria or Boise, and the code knocks the PC off the
network," Cole said by telephone from Santa Monica, Calif. "It's only a matter
of time before the hackers fine tune this one to remotely control a PC, since
they've already done most of the hard work."

Microsoft, based in Redmond, Wash., also issued alerts about weaknesses in its
Office business software. Most of those security holes affect its Excel
spreadsheet program and can be used to target PCs in specific companies, Cole
said.

"This is emblematic of a trend where hackers are researching vulnerabilities in
Office and sending exploits to someone whose machine they want to get in," Cole
said.

Only one Excel vulnerability has been exploited, Christopher Budd, Microsoft
Security Program Manager said in an e-mail.

Microsoft shares fell 40 cents to $23.10 at 4 p.m. New York time in Nasdaq Stock
Market composite trading and have declined 12 percent this year.

To help add protections for its products, Microsoft bought five security
software makers in the past five years.

Microsoft's security advisory and related information can be found at:
www.microsoft.com/security.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             August 5, 2011 Friday

2 Utahns indicted for exploiting children in global porn network

BYLINE: By Melinda Rogers The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 468 words


Two Utah men are among 72 people charged in federal court for allegedly trading
thousands of images depicting children being sexually abused.

David B. Lindsay, 30, of Midvale, who used the Internet name "hawkeye," and a
second Utah defendant, whose name has not yet been revealed, were busted as part
of an international child pornography network that used an online bulletin board
called Dreamboard to exploit children, Attorney General Eric Holder and Homeland
Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Wednesday.

The men were arrested after law enforcement completed a 20-month investigation
called Operation Delego, which profiled members of Dreamboard, a members-only
Internet site designed to promote pedophilia, according to the U.S. Department
of Justice.

Those who sought material on Dreamboard accessed and shared images of children
ages 12 and under -- including some infants, Holder said at a news conference,
calling the activities a "nightmare." Some videos showed children crying in pain
as the abuse took place, he said.

In order to maintain club membership, participants had to continuously upload
sexual images of children. Some participants were elevated to a "Super VIP"
status after creating a certain amount of material showing them molesting
children, court documents state.

Members hid their behavior by using screen names and accessed the bulletin board
with servers that allowed them to disguise the locations from which they were
accessing the material, court documents state.

The amount of pornography traded by those involved equaled about 16,000 DVDs,
Napolitano said at the news conference.

So far, out of the 72 people charged in federal court, authorities have arrested
43 people in the U.S. and nine out of the country, according to the Justice
Department.

Law enforcement in 13 other countries arrested people in connection with
Dreamboard, but some of those cases will be tried out of the U.S. on charges
local to those countries.

Lindsay was arraigned in Utah, but has since been transferred to federal court
in Louisiana, were his case will be tried.

The name of the second Utah defendant remained under seal as of Wednesday
afternoon. He is identified in the federal indictment by his Internet moniker,
"slipnslide."

Assistant U.S. Attorney Carol Dain coordinated with Utah investigators as well
as prosecutors in Louisiana to serve arrest warrants on the Utah defendants,
said Melodie Rydalch, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney's Office in Utah.
Dain's expertise is prosecuting child exploitation cases as part of Project Safe
Childhood, a national initiative launched by the Justice Department in May 2006,
intended to crack down on predators who use the Internet to hunt for child
victims.

mrogers@sltrib.com

Twitter: @mrogers_trib Alt Heads:

2 Utahns indicted for exploiting children

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Attorney General Eric Holder is seen on multiple television screens, at
Justice Department in Washington, Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2011, during a news
conference to discuss results of the U.S. prosecution of an international
criminal network organized to sexually exploit children. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn
Martin)
Attorney General Eric Holder looks on at left as Immigration and Customs
Enforcement (ICE) Director John Morton speaks Justice Department in Washington,
on Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2011, to discuss the results of the U.S. prosecution of an
international criminal network organized to sexually exploit children. (AP
Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)
Attorney General Eric Holder is seen on multiple television screens, at Justice
Department in Washington, Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2011, during a news conference to
discuss results of the U.S. prosecution of an international criminal network
organized to sexually exploit children. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)
Attorney General Eric Holder is seen on multiple television screens, at Justice
Department in Washington, Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2011, during a news conference to
discuss results of the U.S. prosecution of an international criminal network
organized to sexually exploit children. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)
Attorney General Eric Holder listens at left as Homeland Security Secretary
Janet Napolitano speaks at the Justice in Washington, Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2011,
to discuss the results of the largest U.S. prosecution of an international
criminal network organized to sexually exploit children. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn
Martin)
Attorney General Eric Holder announces the results of the U.S. prosecution of an
international criminal network organized to sexually exploit children,
Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2011, at the Justice Department in Washington. (AP
Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)
Attorney General Eric Holder pauses during a news conference at the Justice
Department in Washington, Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2011, where he announced the
results of U.S. prosecution of an international criminal network organized to
sexually exploit children. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

SAP SE (Delaware) applies for US Patent titled as "MULTI-CONTEXT EXPLOIT TEST
MANAGEMENT"

LENGTH: 236 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160314302 for US Patent, published on October 27, 2016, by SAP
SE (Delaware), titled as "MULTI-CONTEXT EXPLOIT TEST MANAGEMENT"  for the
registration of patent.



Inventors: Sabetta; Antonino; (Mouans-Sartoux, FR) ; Compagna; Luca; (La
Roquette, FR) ; Ponta; Serena; (Antibes, FR) ; Dashevskyi; Stanislav;
(Dnipropetrovsk, UA) ; Dos Santos; Daniel; (Trento, IT) ; Massacci;

Applicant: SAP SE   Walldorf  DE (Delaware)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
input handler receives an exploit test request specifying at least one exploit
to be tested against at least one application in at least one execution
environment. A deployment engine deploys the at least one execution environment
including instantiating a container providing a virtual machine image and
configured based on the exploit test request, the instantiated container
including the at least one application. A scheduler schedules execution of the
at least one execution environment within at least one execution engine,
including scheduling an injection of the at least one exploit as specified in
the exploit test request. A report generator generates an exploit test report
characterizing a result of the at least one exploit being injected into the at
least one execution environment of the at least one execution engine."


LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 24, 2014 Friday 11:45 AM GMT

A Halloween bow-tie on the Statue of Liberty isn't going nearly far enough;
If you're going to exploit the most famous statue in the free world, then
there's no need to stop with menswear

BYLINE: Mark Duffy

SECTION: COMMENT IS FREE

LENGTH: 497 words


What price, Liberty?

New York City's most beloved Lady is going is to be selling bow ties on
Halloween.

For the record: Lady Liberty has been used to shill many, many things. India's
Jet Airways even put a bindi on her. But using her to sell bow ties is just
fucking stupid. First of all, women don't wear bow ties. And secondly, they
don't go with robes.

Nick Graham, founder of the Joe Boxer company, isn't just going to use a
representation of her: he is going to use the actual statue to help hawk his new
line of bow ties. He supposedly is going to do this by hovering 60-foot [18m],
35-pound [16kg] bow ties in front of the lady via helicopter on Halloween
morning.

Graham told USA Today : "It's going to be a big collection, so what better way
to launch it than the Statue of Liberty?"

One is black with white dots and one is orange with white dots. I want this to
be the first dress-up on Halloween, so that's the reason that we're doing it at
8 a.m. in the morning.

He also says he has FAA approval.

I say this is what happens when clients think they know how to do creative
advertising, which they most certainly don't. If we're going to exploit that
bitch, then let's exploit the shit out of her. Here are some branding ideas
using the most famous statue in the free world that actually make at least a
lick of sense.

Breathe-Right® Strips

While we're no Beijing, Gotham's air quality is less than ideal. Imagine how
much product GlaxoSmithKline would move if they could get this placement
approved by the federal government. (By the way, that's Nancy Reagan waving to
you from the Lady's crown in this 1986 photo.)

Philips EnduraLED A19 bulbs

The Philips EnduraLED A19 is one of the most efficient light bulbs available.
(Full disclosure: I am not affiliated with Philips or any of its ad
agencies/partners.) What better product endorsement than to be able to say:
"Philips. The Official Light of Liberty." The dutch company would blow GE out of
the water in lighting sales. Note: Kmart used a similar idea back in 2001, but
not with the actual statue.

CoverGirl

Or MAC or whatever brand of lipstick. The key would be to allow the brand to
actually paint her lips with their product. It would have to be sealed somehow
for maximum staying power, but no matter. Lipstick sales and kissing worldwide
would probably leap a million percent.

Rotating Book of the Month

There is no room for debate: The book publishing industry is dying. Lady Liberty
is currently holding a "tabula ansata" - a tablet evoking the law. Boring. Why
not rotate around oversized jacket art of hot titles from all the major
publishing houses on her tablet?

Presidential memoirs, Kardashian klan tell-alls, whatever. All endorsed by The
First Lady of the First Amendment.

But why stop there? Allow major retailers to hang banners on Mount Rushmore
promoting their Presidents' Day sales. "Old Faithful: brought to you today by
Cialis - When the moment is right, will you be ready?"

And there's always the Hoover Dam.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2014 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 22, 1999, Monday, Late Edition - Final

HORSE RACING;
It's Exploit and Lots of Question Marks

BYLINE: By JOSEPH DURSO

SECTION: Section D; Page 8; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 607 words

DATELINE: HALLANDALE, Fla., Feb. 21


Two months or so before the race of their lives, the Kentucky Derby candidates
in this year's confusing class of 3-year-olds are still waiting for someone to
play the role of leader.

This is not to say that the class is entirely short of good horses, but they
seem to be running mostly in California and especially for the barn of Bob
Baffert, who has won the last two Kentucky Derbies with Silver Charm and Real
Quiet. Now, Baffert is shooting for a three-peat. And he has about half a dozen
horses leading the charge, most notably the colt Exploit, undefeated in five
starts and the early favorite for the Run for the Roses.

Exploit will probably not run again until March 13 in the San Felipe Stakes at
Santa Anita, which will be the same day that leading contenders in the East try
to pass their next milestone: the Florida Derby at Gulfstream Park. And by then,
they will be turning into the homestretch on the road to the Kentucky Derby,
struggling to keep contending in prep races like the Santa Anita Derby, the Blue
Grass Stakes, the Wood Memorial and the Arkansas Derby.

The usual mystery surrounding 3-year-old horses is compounded this year by the
added mystery of quality: how good is this bunch? Nobody knows for sure, but
there are no signs that a potential star is waiting alongside the road to ambush
Exploit.

No new clues were provided at Gulfstream Park on Saturday, when Vicar won the
Fountain of Youth Stakes by a neck over Cat Thief, with Certain three-quarters
of a length back in third.

"They'll all get better," predicted Carl Nafzger, who trained Unbridled to his
victory in the 1990 Kentucky Derby and now trains Vicar. "The more they run,
you'll see these horses shaking into themselves."

Another element complicating the picture is this: Only three fillies have won
the Kentucky Derby in 125 years -- Regret in 1915, Genuine Risk in 1980 and
Winning Colors in 1988.

But this year it appears that three fillies have reasonable shots at testing
colts in the Triple Crown if their trainers and owners decide to defy the odds.
They are Silverbulletday, last year's juvenile filly champion who won the Davona
Dale Stakes at the Fair Grounds Saturday, and her stablemate Excellent Meeting,
and Juddmonte Farm's Honest Lady.

But the picture is also confused by the cycles and slumps that affect young
horses. Nick Zito, who won the Kentucky Derby twice in this decade with Strike
the Gold in 1991 and Go for Gin in 1994, had reason to believe that he had two
Derby prospects this year: Doneraile Court, a speed horse, and The Groom Is Red,
a closer. But in the Fountain of Youth, both struck out. The Groom Is Red ran
seventh; Doneraile was 10th and last.

"I kind of feel I've blown a whole month," Zito said this morning. "The Groom Is
Red didn't have that stretch kick he usually has. And it's back to the drawing
board with Doneraile Court. I don't know what to think."

Ask Answer Lively about life on the "road." Last year, Bobby Barnett's colt won
the Breeders' Cup Juvenile and the juvenile championship, and became the
favorite for the Kentucky Derby. But no horse in 20 years has progressed from
juvenile champion at 2 to Derby winner at 3. And, sure enough, in his first
start this year, Answer Lively finished seventh.

He came closer today when he ran second as the 3-5 favorite in the Risen Star at
the Fair Grounds in New Orleans. Answer Lively made a mighty rush down the
homestretch but lost in a photo finish to Elliott Walden's Ecton Park.

Some redemption for a falling champion, perhaps. But, like other Kentucky Derby
candidates, he was still a question waiting for an answer.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Excellent Meeting is one of three fillies who figure in the
Kentucky Derby picture this year. (Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              49 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                               November 19, 2001

Group Pushes Standards For Vulnerability Disclosure;
Vendors lead effort to delay reporting of security exploits

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: NEWS - HIGH; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 428 words

Microsoft Corp. and a handful of security firms have formed an alliance to
propose standards that would give vendors time to fix security flaws in their
software before those vulnerabilities are publicly disclosed.

The as-yet-unnamed group was formed at Microsoft's recent Trusted Computing
Conference. Its goal is to create consensus and standards regarding the
disclosure of security flaws and information on how to exploit them, said Eddie
Schwartz, an analyst at Guardent Inc. in Waltham,Mass. Guardent is one of five
security firms to join the effort.

"We want to create an atmosphere where people are more responsible with the
disclosure of vulnerability information," Schwartz said. "Right now, it is way
too ad hoc."

The tendency to indiscriminately publish information on how to exploit software
flaws has led to considerable damage in the past, he said. The aim of the group
isn't to stifle the disclosure of vulnerability information, but to prevent such
information from being prematurely published, Schwartz said.

Under one proposed guideline, people who find a software flaw would wait at
least 30 days before releasing details on how to exploit it. Software vendors
would use that period to develop and distribute patches to customers. The
guidelines would be voluntary, since the group has no enforcement authority.

The group said it will also work to ensure that vendors respond in a responsible
and expeditious manner when providing information about a security flaw.

The effort comes just a few weeks after a Microsoft security manager published a
scathing document on the company's Web site lashing out at the "information
anarchy" that currently exists with respect to vulnerability disclosures.

But some users are less than enthusiastic about the alliance's efforts. "Quite
frankly, I think the 30-day grace period is just another way for Microsoft and
others to once again remove themselves from their responsibility for developing
quality software before it hits the streets,"said John Cowan Jr., an IT manager
at Louisville, Ky.-based Caldwell Industries Inc., in an e-mail.

A 30-day moratorium on vulnerability disclosure wouldn't be good for business
customers or the consuming public, said Lowell T. Byrd, a vice president at The
Insight Group, a Lewes, Del.-based health care and high-tech management
consulting firm.

"I would much rather see the vulnerability information remain in the free market
so that the good guys can work on protecting themselves even while the bad guys
continue their exploitation,"he said.


LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Computerworld, Inc.


                              50 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 17, 2013 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of HEWLETT-PACKARD DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, L.P.
titled as "SECURITY SYSTEM FOR PROTECTING NETWORKS FROM VULNERABILITY EXPLOITS"

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130152163, on June 13, 2013, by HEWLETT-PACKARD DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, L.P.,
titled as "SECURITY SYSTEM FOR PROTECTING NETWORKS FROM VULNERABILITY EXPLOITS"
for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Todd; Michael; (Rocklin, CA)
Assignee:  HEWLETT-PACKARD DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, L.P.
Houston
TX

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
system for protecting networks from vulnerability exploits comprises a security
engine operable to receive a packet destined for a user's network and forward
the packet to at least one host virtual machine for processing. The security
engine is further operable to forward the stored packet to the user's internal
network based upon a result of the processed packet. A method of securing a
network from vulnerability exploits is described. The method comprises receiving
a packet destined for a user's internal network; forwarding the packet to at
least one virtual machine based upon a virtual machine configuration table;
processing the forwarded packet on the at least one virtual machine; and
releasing the packet to the user's internal network based upon results of the
processing."

The Patent was filed on February 6, 2013 under application No. 20130152163

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 18, 1999, Thursday

BAFFERT CAN STILL WIN WITH LOSS

BYLINE: BY BILL FINLEY

SECTION: Sports; Pg.  111

LENGTH: 626 words


IT COULD ONLY HAPPEN to Bob Baffert. He loses the winter-book favorite for the
Kentucky Derby, but will march on with such an overwhelming quality and quantity
of horses that he's still the one to beat in the May 1 Run for the Roses.

The bad news for Baffert was that Exploit, the previous winter-book Derby
favorite, suffered his first career defeat and a career-ending injury in
Saturday's San Felipe Stakes at Santa Anita. But Baffert still came out on top
as stablemate Prime Timber won the race and has replaced Exploit as the No. 1
Derby threat.

Baffert noticed a swelling in Exploit's left knee Tuesday morning, and X-rays
taken later that day revealed a small chip in the knee. While surgery was
possible and could have prepared the colt for a return to the races by fall,
"he's too brilliant a racehorse to take any chances with," said Baffert. After
conferring with the colt's owner, Bob Lewis, the decision was made to retire
Exploit to stud. The knee will be allowed to heal naturally without surgery
before the colt heads off to stud. He retires with wins in five of six starts
and earnings of $ 396,254.

In addition to Prime Timber, Baffert's remaining Derby contenders include
General Challenge, Excellent Meeting, Silverbulletday and Straight Man. The
latter goes to bat next for his trainer in the March 27 Gallery Furniture.com
Stakes at Turfway Park.

She's a beauty: There was a familiar story Tuesday at Gulfstream Park. Filly
Three Ring once again was faster than the boys.

Seventy-two hours after Vicar's unimpressive win in the Florida Derby, Three
Ring rocketed to a 61/4-length win in the Bonnie Miss Stakes at Gulfstream.
Though there are other factors to take into account besides the numbers, her
speed figure once again indicated that she is superior to the males who have
been racing in Florida. Vicar's Beyer speed figure in the Florida Derby was a
101, while Three Ring recorded a 104.

Three Ring was entered in the Florida Derby but was scratched after drawing the
10 post. Based on the figures and how visually impressive her performance was,
she probably would have beat up on Vicar pretty good.

Owner Barry Schwartz and trainer Eddie Plesa Jr. have more tough decisions to
make. Schwartz said yesterday that Three Ring will not race again before either
the April 30 Kentucky Oaks or the May 1 Kentucky Derby, but he has yet to decide
which race his filly will go into.

"The game plan is to go in the Oaks, but we have to see how things fall out,"
Schwartz said. "It's a tough time of year for 3-year-olds. With the ones that
were in Florida, she certainly appears capable of beating them, but I think the
real strength lies in the West Coast."

The fastest Beyer figure posted over the busy weekend by a Kentucky Derby
contender was Prime Timber's 105 when winning the San Felipe.

Bettor beware: Ladbroke's is offering a new twist on handicapping contests: play
from your home. The 1999 National Tournament of Handicappers Championship will
run from April 23-25. Entrants will play through Ladbroke's Call-A-Bet phone
betting system, never having to get off their couch. It costs $ 500 to enter and
the guaranteed minimum first prize is $ 25,000. Entries must be received by
April 19. For more information, call (888) 900-8676.

For higher rollers, Hollywood Park is offering the first-ever $ 1 million
handicapping contest, which will run from June 25 through June 27. First prize
will be $ 600,000. Entry fee is $ 10,000 and participants will be required to
put up an additional $ 20,000 cash as their bankroll. The contestants bet with
actual money and are allowed to keep all their winnings.

Applications must be in by April 13. For more information, call (310) 330-7266.


LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP GREAT DEPTH: Despite losing Exploit, who suffered a knee injury and
has been retired to stud, Bob Baffert still has plenty of other Kentucky Derby
contenders.

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                              52 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            November 21, 2003 Friday

Bruins seeking soft spots

BYLINE: By ROBERT KUWADA , The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 355 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


It was Marcedes Lewis, not Ryan Smith, who exited the loss to Oregon last week
with a concussion, feeling groggy and seeing stars. So Smith can be believed
when he said he can detect holes in the USC defense, primarily in the secondary.

``They're good. Their front is really good,'' Smith said of the Trojans, having
watched a tape of USC's 43-16 victory over Washington State at the Coliseum, a
game in which the Cougars rolled up 345 passing yards. ``It doesn't seem like
they have to blitz a lot to get a lot of heat, so they're able to drop people
back in coverage. They're up there with Oklahoma.

``But there are holes there, too, just like any defense. We just have to make
the plays.''

Given the state of the UCLA offense, the question is whether the Bruins can
exploit any weaknesses in the USC defense, real or imagined.

``I think (we can),'' Smith said. ``We're going to have to be a lot better than
we have been. It's been bad. ... It starts in the trenches. We've got to protect
the quarterback, the quarterback has to make the right reads, get rid of the
ball on time. The receivers have to run the routes and get open, then catch the
ball when it's thrown to you.''

Quarterback Drew Olson is optimistic, also.

``I think we can (exploit defensive weaknesses). We have in past games, and I
don't see why we couldn't,'' he said. ``It's just for some reason lately it
hasn't been going our way. ... We'll have confidence going in there, think that
we can exploit some of their weaknesses.''

Winning is enough

The Bruins' primary motivation is not securing a bowl invitation or knocking USC
out of a potential national championship game.

``No, I'm using the motivation of just winning a football game,'' Coach Karl
Dorrell said.

``You know this is a big enough game in itself. The bowl is not the caveat. The
caveat is winning a football game and getting ourselves in position for this
game this week.''

Notes

Lewis and center Robert Chai (left knee) made it through practice and are
expected to start Saturday. ... Cornerback Keith Short has been selected to the
Pac-10 All-Academic team. Fullback J.D. Groves gained honorable mention.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2003 Orange County Register


                              53 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                             March 22, 2013 Friday

New clue in South Korea cyberattack reveals link to Chinese criminals;
Cybersleuths picking through the digital bread crumbs left behind in Wednesday's
massive South Korea cyberattack have found an interesting morsel: Apparently
hackers used an 'exploit tool' made in China to infiltrate the computer
networks.

BYLINE: Mark Clayton Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 1020 words


The source of the cyberattack that damaged 32,000 computers at several banks and
television stations in South Korea Wednesday remains unclear, but the digital
traces left behind have led one cybersleuth to suggest that it has clear links
to Chinese cybercrime organizations.

Though South Korean investigators initially said they had traced the attack to
an Internet address in China, they have since stepped back from that statement.
Yet cybersecurity experts looking at file names, Internet domain names, and
other digital detritus left behind by the attackers - which has been published
on Korean technical blogs - are coming to their own conclusions.

The information posted online has led Jaime Blasco, a cybersecurity researcher
in San Mateo, Calif., to suggest that the attackers gained access to the
computers though a so-called "exploit kit" apparently designed by cybercriminals
in China and often used to target South Korea.

The finding doesn't implicate the Chinese government - or exonerate it. Nor does
it provide any clarity on whether North Korea was involved - though some experts
say the exploit kit is just the sort of cybercrime tool that North Korea might
be inclined to purchase on the black market.

What Mr. Blasco's investigation clarifies is how the damage was done - providing
clues that could help crack the mystery of who was responsible.

"What we see are traces that the attackers used for their intrusion into the
banks and other companies a criminal exploit kit written in China," says Blasco,
a researcher with AlienVault. "It would be easy for whoever did this attack to
rent or purchase this exploit tool and then use it to get into the banks to
leave behind the wiper malware."

Researchers with Sophos, a cybersecurity company in Britain, on Wednesday
identified the malware that did the damage: a destructive "wiper" program dubbed
"DarkSeoul" that overwrites critical parts of the computer. Its origin has not
been identified although the attack on its face bore a striking similarity to
the wiper program used in an August 2012 attack on the oil firm Saudi Aramco.

What was not known was how did the attackers first infiltrated the banks'
networks, created digital backdoors, and then moved around those networks to
deliver DarkSeoul.

So Blasco took the file names identified on the Korean technical blogs and then
began painstakingly comparing them to a large database of known malware. What he
discovered were numerous detailed matches with a single piece of Chinese malware
called the Gondad exploit kit. The kit infects personal computers with a trojan
program that opens a digital backdoor and hands over control of the infected
computer to an attacker.

From that point, the computer becomes a "bot" or "zombie" that can be accessed
and controlled by anyone who rented or purchased Gondad. The Gondad botnet has
enslaved 400,000 computers in 89 countries, making it the 65th largest botnet in
the world, according to AVG Technologies, an antivirus company based in Brno,
Czech Republic. What's notable is that 73 percent of all of Gondad victims
worldwide reside in South Korea.

If whoever was behind Wednesday's attacks had access to some of the Gondad
exploit kit, they could have gained access to hundreds - or thousands - of
compromised South Korean systems and then simply chosen which one they wanted to
damage. That would have made it easy to deposit the dangerous DarkSeoul wiper
payload, Blasco says.

That does not mean, however, that Chinese cyber criminals were behind the
attack, even if it may have been facilitated by them, these experts say.

"Gondad comes from China without question," Blasco says. "The programmers are
from China, everything in that program is in Chinese. I think its very likely
that the guys behind this used this exploit kit - maybe a hacktivist group that
wants to harm the South Korean government or a nation-state group like North
Korea."

Many US experts would not be surprised if North Korea did just that.

"North Korea is really good at black market activities, good at smuggling," says
James Lewis, a cybersecurity expert who has examined North Korea's cyber
activities. "If they wanted to get into a black market for cyber stuff, they
would be good at that."

At this point, there are too many mixed signals to point the finger definitively
at North Korea, he says. For example, a digital image of skulls was reported on
some machines in the wake of the attack, which suggests hackivists might have
been involved. Dr. Lewis remains to be persuaded that North was involved, though
he admits it is possible.

"Given all that the North Korean government has said, and its threats, you can't
rule it out that they may have been involved," he says.

Another recent finding provides interesting context to the claim that Chinese
cyber criminal software was involved. On Tuesday, one day before the attacks, a
cyberexpert in the Czech Republic posted a blog titled: "Analysis of Chinese
attack against Korean banks."

The author of the blog, Jaromir Horejsi of AVAST, said the hack was detected
about two weeks earlier and was quite different from Wednesday's attack. The
purpose was apparently to gather banking login and password information from
infected computers - not to wipe out computers. Moreover, the Chinese-written
malware appeared to be custom written for that attack, not part of the Gondad
exploit kit.

But there are intriguing similarities, including how the payloads were deposited
onto victim networks from a server in Japan.

Yet whether North Korea or a hacktivist group - or someone else - is behind
Wednesday's attack, Gondad was likely just one of several software infiltration
tools used to get in, plant the malware, and then trigger it at 2 p.m. local
time.

"At this point I'm calling it a theory on how someone, maybe North Korea, might
have used Gondad botnet and other exploit kits to get into these companies
networks," Blasco says. "But the only theory really is how you combine all the
companies with the infrastructure of the different exploit kits. It's really no
theory at all that Gondad is involved. There's plenty of evidence for that."

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 10, 2008 Wednesday

Word Game

BYLINE: United Feature Syndicate

SECTION: NEWS; Entertainment

LENGTH: 178 words


TODAY'S WORD - EXPLOIT

(EXPLOIT: ek-SPLOYT: To make use of and drive benefit from.)

Average mark 12 words

Time limit 30 minutes

Can you find 21 or more words in EXPLOIT?

The list will be published tomorrow.

SATURDAY'S WORD - STRANGE

sage

sager

sane

saner

sang

sate

sear

seat

sent

seta

snag

snare

stag

stage

star

stare

stern

tang

tare

tarn

tear

tern

tsar

rage

rang

range

rant

rase

rate

rent

rest

agent

anger

angst

ante

argent

aster

astern

nares

near

neat

nest

garnet

gate

gear

gens

gnat

grant

grate

great

earn

east

RULES OF THE GAME: 1. Words must be of four or more letters. 2. Words that
acquire four letters by the addition of "s," such as "bats" or "dies," are not
allowed. 3. Additional words made by adding a "d" or an "s" may not be used. For
example, if "bake" is used, "baked" or "bakes" are not allowed, but "bake" and
"baking" are admissible. 4. Proper nouns, slang words, or vulgar or sexually
explicit words are not allowed. To contact Word Game creator Kathleen Saxe,
write to Word Game, Kathleen Saxe, United Media, Fourth Floor, 200 Madison Ave.,
New York, NY 10016.

Copyright 2008, United Feature Syndicate, Inc.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 13, 1999, Saturday, Final Edition

And They're Off -- With No Clear Kentucky Derby Favorite

Andrew Beyer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D13; ANDREW BEYER

LENGTH: 822 words

DATELINE: HALLANDALE, Fla.


The nation's top 3-year-old racehorses start getting serious this weekend. Of
the 25 leading Kentucky Derby contenders in the Daily Racing Form rankings, 14
will be in action in Florida, California and Louisiana, and the results might
clarify a confusing Derby picture.

The richest, most prestigious and most competitive race of the weekend is the $
750,000 Florida Derby, a race that has historically been a significant prep for
the spring classics. Yet it seems doubtful that a 3-year-old star is going to
emerge from this 10-horse field.

The leading contenders in this Grade I event are supposedly the top finishers in
the Fountain of Youth Stakes last month -- Vicar, Cat Thief and Certain. In a
field devoid of speed, none of them was subjected to undue early pressure, and
they ran 1-2-3 all the way around the track. When horses enjoy such easy trips,
they ought to run fast, but the mediocre time of the Fountain of Youth was an
indictment of all the top finishers. While the lightly raced Vicar certainly has
the potential to improve -- trainer Carl Nafzger says he's getting better and
better -- this is a spot where bettors can reasonably take a shot against the
favorites.

The most intriguing entrant in the Florida Derby, the filly Three Ring, isn't
going to run. Trainer Eddie Plesa Jr. entered her against the boys because her
last race -- a 14-length runaway against members of her own sex -- had been so
impressive. But after Three Ring drew post position 10, Plesa announced Friday
that he would scratch her. The reason, he said, "was strictly the post position
and not the competition."

In the absence of Three Ring, the fourth-place finisher in the Fountain of
Youth, Grits'n Hard Toast, is the most likely candidate to spring an upset. He
won the Holy Bull Stakes in January with a strong rally, and then was hung
five-wide in a vain attempt to rally in the Fountain of Youth. Given the
circumstances, he certainly ran as well as the victorious Vicar.

Trainer Nick Zito has two lightly raced colts in the Florida Derby, Adonis and
Wondertross, who could be late bloomers just as Strike the Gold, the eventual
Kentucky Derby winner, was in 1991. Wondertross looked very good in his
3-year-old debut. A formidable rival, Stone Bridge, opened an uncontested
six-length lead on a very speed-favoring Gulfstream track, but Wondertross ran
him down and won with authority.

In this excellent betting race, I'll take a flyer with a Grits'n Hard
Toast-Wondertross exacta box. But unless one of the horses steps up to a new
plateau, the Florida Derby will have less impact on the 3-year-old picture than
a race being run in California one hour later.

San Felipe Stakes: Undefeated in five career starts, Exploit has displayed speed
and tenacity that make him the clear favorite in future book betting on the
Kentucky Derby. On paper he's the one to beat at Santa Anita Saturday. But . . .

The scuttlebutt from California is that the colt hasn't been training
particularly well for this race. Does trainer Bob Baffert have doubts about his
star? When another Baffert 3-year-old, Straight Man, won impressively last
weekend, Baffert said that he'd wait to see how Exploit runs Saturday before
making further plans for Straight Man. (The implication was that Straight Man
might start in place of Exploit in the West's biggest 3-year-old race, the Santa
Anita Derby.) Trainers of undefeated favorites for the Kentucky Derby aren't
supposed to display such uncertainty. If Exploit is sub-par, he could lose to
High Wire Act, who won an allowance race with a sky-high speed figure; or to his
own stablemate Prime Timber, who had a tough four-wide trip in his 3-year-old
debut. Having already picked and bet Exploit to win the Kentucky Derby, I'm
sticking with him, but I'm getting a little nervous.

Louisiana Derby: Is it significant that Baffert went to the Fair Grounds for the
weekend instead of staying in California with Exploit? He saddles General
Challenge in Sunday's Louisiana Derby against Answer Lively, the winner of last
fall's Breeders' Cup Juvenile, and Ecton Park, who nosed Answer Lively in a
recent prep race. The latter two both earned low speed figures despite easy
trips in their last start, and General Challenge ought to beat them. Although he
has received a lot of publicity, he hasn't proved yet that he deserves to be
ranked among the country's top 3-year-olds, but this is his chance to do so.

Two other top 3-year-olds, both fillies trained by Baffert, also run this
weekend against negligible competition: Silverbulletday in Saturday's Fair
Grounds Oaks and Excellent Meeting in Sunday's Santa Anita Oaks. Baffert hasn't
declared that he is aiming for the Kentucky Derby with either of them. But if
Exploit falters Saturday and if the Florida Derby doesn't produce an
authoritative winner, the fillies will start looking even more formidable as
Derby candidates.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              56 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

World War II hero's exploits recalled

BYLINE: Arlene Johns, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 511 words


July 09--JOHNSTOWN -- The author of a book highlighting the exploits of a local
World War II hero will visit Johnstown at the end of the month.

Gregory A. Freeman will meet fans and sign autographs from 2 to 5 p.m. July 31
in the lobby of the Cambria County War Memorial Arena in Johnstown.

"The Forgotten 500 -- The Untold Story of the Men Who Risked All for the
Greatest Rescue Mission of World War II" gives a behind-the-scenes look at what
is billed as the greatest escape of that war.

The book, published in 2007, tells the story of Operation Halyard, a top-secret
and risky rescue mission to save downed American airmen in Nazi-occupied
Yugoslavia.

Details of the operation were kept classified for more than 50 years for
political reasons.

The late Army Capt. George Musulin, a former member of the Office of Strategic
Forces, plays a prominent role in the book.

The Franklin Borough resident twice parachuted into Yugoslavia to organize
rescue attempts that resulted in the recovery of more than 500 American fliers
and Allied soldiers between Aug. 10 and Dec. 27, 1944.

Musulin, who held the distinction of being one of the heaviest qualified
parachute jumpers in the armed forces, was a former football tackle who weighed
250 pounds.

The son of immigrant Yugoslavian parents, he eventually was awarded the Legion
of Merit for exceptionally meritorious conduct in the performance of outstanding
service.

Marty Kuhar, of the Johns-town-based Veterans Leadership Program of Western
Pennsylvania, said Musulin will be inducted into the Cambria County Military
Hall of Fame on Sept. 18. His daughter is expected to accept the award.

Kuhar said Musulin was a real American hero.

"If they were making a movie (from the book), John Wayne in the old days could
have played him," he said.

Freeman has more than 25 years of experience in journalism and narrative
nonfiction and has won numerous awards.

Two of his books are being made into movies.

In addition to his books, Freeman writes for several publications including
Reader's Digest, Rolling Stone, American History and World War II.

Among his other titles are: "Troubled Water: Race, Mutiny, and Bravery on a U.S.
Aircraft Carrier," the story of a little-known race riot on the aircraft carrier
Kitty Hawk in 1972; and  "Sailors to the End: The Deadly Fire on the USS
Forrestal and the Heroes Who Fought It," the story of a 1967 aircraft carrier
fire. U.S. Sen. John McCain was injured in that fire and has called the book "a
riveting account" that honors the men who died.

For additional information on the author, visit his website at
www.gregoryafreeman.com.

To see more of the Tribune-Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribune-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Tribune-Democrat,
Johnstown, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100709-JO-World-War-II-hero-s-exploits-recalled-20100709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2010 The Tribune-Democrat


                              57 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                                 April 3, 2008

CA users targeted by attackers;
* Patches from Mandriva, Gentoo, Debian, others* Sophos warns of Mac Trojan
malware* Deep Throat Fight Club, and other interesting reading

BYLINE: Jason Meserve

LENGTH: 696 words


New exploit targets corporate CA usersAn exploit specifically targeting
corporate Computer Associates users has beencreated some three weeks after a
critical vulnerability was identified. The attack uses an ActiveX Control buffer
overflow vulnerability present in 21 CA products, including BrightStor ARCServe
Backup for Laptops and Desktops, Unicentre Remote Control, Software Delivery,
Asset Management, Desktop Management Bundle and Desktop Management Suite.
Computerworld, 04/01/08.********** Mandriva, Gentoo patch CUPS vulnerabilities
Multiple flaws have been found in CUPS, the most serious of which could be
exploited to run malicious code on an affected machine. Both Gentoo and Mandriva
are out with patches for the problem.

Mandriva Gentoo********** Two new patches from Debian: xine-lib (multiple flaws)
iceweasel (multiple flaws)********** Two new updates from rPath: lighttpd
(denial of service) Firefox (multiple flaws)********** Today's malware news:
Mebroot Spreading through High-Traffic, Compromised Web SitesSymantec is
tracking more and more high-traffic Web sites that become compromised and then
used to spread malicious code. After the breach our MSS team spotted out on
Tata, we have been notified of another Web site with a similar issue. Symantec
Security Response blog, 04/02/08.

Office exploit hits the streetAttack code that targets a recently patched
vulnerability in Microsoft Corp.'s Office suite has gone public, a security
company said today as it urged users to update immediately. Computerworld,
03/31/08.

Stormy April Fool's DayA wave of April Fool's Day related Storm mails have just
been sent out. Similar as the other times with a link that points to an IP
address. F-Secure blog, 03/31/08.

Unusual banking trojan found todayWe've seen tons of banking trojans lately, but
now we've run into something quite unique.

This new banking trojan was found today from a drive-by-download site. We've
added detection for it as Win32.Pril.A. It not only infects the MBR of the
machine, but also reflashes the boot code in the Flash BIOS, making disinfection
problematic.

F-Secure blog, 04/01/08.

Sophos warns of Mac Trojan malwareSecurity consultant Sophos is warning of the
appearance of money-grabbing Trojan horse malware aimed at Macs. The firm isn't
being alarmist with news of the Imunizator Trojan, which makes false claims that
Macs have privacy problems as part of its attempt to install itself. Sophos
advises users not to panic. Mac World, 03/31/08.********** From the interesting
reading department: "Deep Throat Fight Club" to pummel Web filtersUntangle, a
company that makes a security gateway based on open source, next Wednesday plans
what it's calling the "Deep Throat Fight Club" in a San Francisco bar to beat on
Web filters of six competing vendors. Network World, 04/02/08.

Vermont ski area reports Hannaford-like theft of payment card dataIn a security
breach that sounds similar to the one disclosed by Hannaford Bros. Co. last
month, the Okemo Mountain Resort ski area in Vermont announced this week that
data from more than 46,000 credit and debit card transactions may have been
compromised during a system intrusion over a 16-day period in February.

Computerworld, 04/02/08.

EBay yanks sale of laptop with Vista attack codeShane Macaulay's attempt to sell
a hacked laptop complete with Windows Vista attack code did not last long. EBay
pulled the listing within hours of its appearance Monday, saying that it could
have harmed users. IDG News Service, 04/01/08.

Also: PWN 2 PAWN: Why the Vista hacker turned to eBay Shift happensA year or two
ago, most malware was spread via e-mail attachments, which resulted in mass
outbreaks like Bagle, Mydoom and Warezov. Nowadays sending .EXE attachments in
e-mail doesn't work so well for the criminals because almost every company and
organization is filtering out such risky attachments from their e-mail traffic.
F-Secure blog, 03/31/08.

Internet has a trash problem, researcher saysSomewhere between 1% and 3% of all
traffic on the Internet is meaningless packets of information, used in
distributed denial-of-service attacks (DDoS) to knock Web sites offline. IDG
News Service, 04/01/08.




LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2008 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 17, 2015 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Exploit new ag markets

BYLINE: St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 397 words


Feb. 17--The definition of agriculture varies widely in places like Texas, Maine
and Missouri and is influenced greatly by things outside the control of farmers.

But the message this morning is about opportunities rather than limitations.

While farmers and their ag industry supporters may not be able to dictate the
weather or soil conditions, they do possess talents and wits that make them
uniquely qualified to exploit emerging agricultural markets.

This comes to mind as the Missouri Department of Agriculture seeks proposals for
funding through the USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. From now through
mid March, the agency welcomes concept papers whether they originate with
research institutions, community organizations or individuals.

The USDA -- the federal Department of Agriculture -- considers specialty crops
to be fruits and vegetables, dried fruit, tree nuts, honey, horticulture and
nursery crops. Somewhere in that broad description is an opportunity to be
identified and exploited by capable farmers, researchers and agribusiness
interests in our midst.

The department states its goal is to expand local, regional and international
markets and distribution channels for specialty crops, plus boost education,
marketing and infrastructure development. See the guidelines for full details.

Some examples of the 2014 awards in Missouri:

Kansas City Community Gardens, $29,600, to increase fruit and vegetable
production for Kansas City low-income urban gardeners through support of a
community garden concept; Columbia Center for Urban Agriculture, $8,650, to
educate new farmers about specialty crops through a hands-on, skill-based series
of internships; and University of Missouri, Grape and Wine Institute, $33,811,
to assist grape growers in making decisions to increase fruit quality by
expanding basic analytical testing.

More information is available on the department's website,
www.agriculture.mo.gov. Concept papers are due no later than March 16. Selected
applicants will be invited to submit detailed grant proposals in April.

If your passion is to expand the success of agriculture in our region,
particularly through specialty crops, this program is worth investigating.

___ (c)2015 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150217-JM-EDITORIAL-Exploit-new-ag-markets-0217-20150217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2015 St. Joseph News-Press


                              59 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 21, 2013 Sunday

EDITORIAL: Those who exploit poverty programs lowest of low

BYLINE: The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 531 words


July 21--The issue: A Milwaukee Journal Sentinel report illustrates how people
get public aid they don't need.

Our view: Such behavior exploits taxpayers' labor and willingness to help the
poor.

About 1.1 million Wisconsinites receive public aid benefits, or nearly one of
every five people living in this state.

Most of the other 80 percent likely don't mind offering the truly needy a
helping hand, which hopefully in most cases will be temporary until things get
better.

But what rankles the majority is any evidence that they are being taken
advantage of. Specifically, seeing their taxes used to pay public aid benefits
to those who don't need them.

The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel recently pointed out a hole in determining
eligibility for public aid. Specifically, regulators fail to verify income of
applicants who say they make no money or are self-employed.

"If an applicant claims he earns $2,000 a month painting houses, for example,
regulators accept what he reports on a one-page form as fact," the Journal
Sentinel reported.

The Journal Sentinel used two examples to illustrate what appears to be a
rip-off of working Wisconsinites.

Marina Kolchinsky Porush said her husband left her to care for her six sons. She
has received some $150,000 in public aid in the past five years. She says she's
basically destitute, but the newspaper found she collects thousands of dollars
in rent every month from at least $4 million worth of properties.

In another case, the Journal Sentinel reported, "Akram Khan and Ayesha Syed own
and live with their two small children in a $460,000 house in Mequon. Their
names are individually or jointly tied to four rental properties in Milwaukee as
well as a math and reading tutoring business in Mequon. They have a BMW, an
Acura and a Honda Pilot. Their four rental properties have a total assessed
value of nearly $360,000.

"Yet, Khan reported that he earns $2,084 a month from his tutoring business, but
says he loses that amount each month from his rental property, wiping out the
income."

"He received food and medical benefits of about $13,000 in 2012 and the first
part of this year."

This type of abuse erodes public support for all aid programs. Middle-class
Wisconsin residents working full time have to wonder why they struggle to make
ends meet and also pay taxes that support those who shamelessly game the system.

The Journal Sentinel several years ago also exposed cases of outrageous fraud in
the state program that subsidizes child care for the working poor, and it also
reported on cases of food aid cards being sold on the Internet, or in other
cases cards being repeatedly "lost" and quickly replaced by taxpayers, only to
be "lost" once more.

The state has added 19 positions to its fraud prevention efforts and now has 106
full-time staffers and a $12 million annual budget, the Journal Sentinel said.
Hopefully they will put a serious dent in scammers who use our hard-earned money
they don't need or deserve while depriving others who truly need help.

- Don Huebscher, editor

___ (c)2013 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130721-EW-EDITORIAL-Those-who-exploit
-poverty-programs-lowest-of-low-0721-20130721

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2013 The Leader-Telegram


                              60 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             July 5, 2007 Thursday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Joseph N. Fineberg, a WWII Ranger

BYLINE: By Sally A. Downey; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: OBITUARIES; Inq Obituaries; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 418 words


Joseph N. Fineberg, 88, of Bala Cynwyd, a retired Army-Navy store owner whose
World War II exploits were chronicled in print and film, died of heart failure
June 26 at Lankenau Hospital in Wynnewood.

A native of North Philadelphia, Mr. Fineberg attended Simon Gratz High School.
He joined the Army in 1941 and served as a paramedic in England.

In 1942, he volunteered for a new ranger unit headed by Col. William Darby.
Darby's Rangers saw combat in North Africa, Sicily and Anzio, and were famous
for daring night raids and hit-and-run tactics.

Mr. Fineberg was the unit's supply officer and used his personality and wiles to
load his jeep, nicknamed "Matza Ball," with everything from Springfield rifles
to wool socks, said his daughter, Deborah Pollock. "He was a Sgt. Bilko kind of
a character," she said. His humorous exploits were reported in Yank, an Army
magazine, and his more heroic exploits won him a promotion to captain and a
Bronze Star.

Mr. Fineberg was featured in the book Rangers in World War II by Robert W.
Black. In the 1958 film Darby's Ranger's, his character, named Saul Rosen, was
portrayed by Jack Warden.

In May 1944, after more than two years of combat, Mr. Fineberg was sent home on
leave and then was assigned to talk to military workers about the war. To
encourage their efforts, he had photos taken of grandfathers in goggles and
young women in welder helmets. They sent the photos to their relatives fighting
overseas.

After his discharge, Mr. Fineberg operated Captain Joe's Surplus Store on North
Broad Street for more than 30 years. In the 1960s, he set up a children's
"keeping library" in the store and later gave books away to recreation centers,
school libraries, seniors' groups and prisons. When a relative asked Mr.
Fineberg why he handed out quarters to neighborhood children, he said: "It takes
so little to make so many people happy." After Captain Joe's closed in 1983, he
continued to supply other surplus stores for 10 years.

Since 1945, Mr. Fineberg had been married to Perle "P.J." Herman Fineberg. They
had met a dance at the YMHA in Philadelphia. They raised two children in
Wynnefield and Penn Valley, and had wintered in Palm Beach, Fla., since the
1970s. He supported local charities in Florida, his daughter said, and had an
eclectic art collection.

In addition to his wife and daughter, Mr. Fineberg is survived by a son,
Michael, and a granddaughter.

Services were private.

Contact staff writer Sally A. Downey at 215-854-2913 or sdowney@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 4, 2017 Saturday

Perrin remembered for his athletic exploits

BYLINE: David Elwell, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 581 words


Feb. 04--The death of Benny Perrin on Friday brought back a flood of memories to
those who saw his athletic exploits at Decatur High, for the Alabama Crimson
Tide and later in the NFL with the St. Louis Cardinals.

Steve Rivers was an assistant football coach at Decatur under the late Earl
Webb. Perrin was an All-State and All-American quarterback for the Red Raiders
in 1977.

"Just the other day I met a guy who played on the Hartselle team that beat us
7-6 in 1976," Rivers said. "We started talking about Benny and I brought it up
about the playoff game with Butler later that year.

"It was late in the game and we needed a touchdown. We were running an option
play. If the end crashed, Benny was supposed to pitch the ball. The end didn't
crash, but Benny just kept the ball and ran around the end for a 65-yard
touchdown and we won the game (21-14)."

Decatur went 20-5 in Perrin's two years as starting quarterback. Both seasons
ended with heart-breaking losses in the playoffs.

"He was a pleasure to coach," Rivers said. "It wasn't just his ability that made
him great. He played with a confidence that made him a great leader."

Earl Morris coached Perrin in basketball at Decatur. The starting guards for the
1977-78 team were Perrin and Morris' son Joe. Perrin was an All-State player
that season.

"Benny could have easily played college basketball," Morris said. "He was that
good."

The senior tandem led Decatur to the Class 4A state tournament. The Red Raiders
lost in the semifinals to Carver, 66-64, in front of a crowd of 10,000 at
Alabama's Memorial Coliseum.

"That was the only time I had a team walk off the floor and receive a standing
ovation," Morris said.

Jeremiah Castille played cornerback at Alabama in 1981. Perrin was the
cornerback on the other side of the field from him.

"He was 6-2, 6-3 and had good feet," Castille said. "With his range of motion
and his football smarts, he was a great football player. When he went to the
NFL, he started at safety in his first game. That right there tells you what
kind of football player he was."

In 1981, Alabama beat Auburn 28-17 for Bear Bryant's 315th victory. Perrin had
two interceptions in the game. In his first game in the NFL, the Cardinals
played the New Orleans Saints in the Superdome. Perrin intercepted a pass from
Saints' quarterback Kenny Stabler to help the Cardinals win 21-7.

"We've had a football camp in Decatur for the last two years and Benny was
always one of our sponsors," Castille said. "He worked the camp the first year.
He'd always feed the coaching staff at his barbecue place. He was a great person
and a great teammate."

Perrin was more than just a former player to Morris. Perrin's first wife,
Debbie, is Morris' niece.

"Benny knew his future was in football, but he loved to play basketball," Morris
said. "That was a really good team we had his senior year. We had a lead late in
the game with Carver. Joe fouled out with under two minutes left and we got
beat."

Joe Morris died in 2005. Perrin attended the funeral and gave his former high
school coach a letter.

"He had a lot of good things to say about Joe," Morris said. "He said if Joe had
had one more foul to give that night, we would have won that state championship.
That letter meant a lot to me at a difficult time."

david.elwell@decaturdaily.com or 256-340-2395. Twitter @DD_DavidElwell.

___ (c)2017 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170204-DD-Perrin-remembered-for-his-athletic-exploits-0204-20170204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2017 The Decatur Daily


                              62 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 8, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Network Penetration Testing and Research

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: Washington


National Aeronautics and Space Administration, The Government of USA has issued
the following news release:


This paper will focus the on research and testing done on penetrating a network
for security purposes. This research will provide the IT security office new
methods of attacks across and against a company's network as well as introduce
them to new platforms and software that can be used to better assist with
protecting against such attacks. Throughout this paper testing and research has
been done on two different Linux based operating systems, for attacking and
compromising a Windows based host computer.

Backtrack 5 and BlackBuntu (Linux based penetration testing operating systems)
are two different "attacker'' computers that will attempt to plant viruses and
or NASA USRP - Internship Final Report exploits on a host Windows 7 operating
system, as well as try to retrieve information from the host. On each Linux OS
(Backtrack 5 and BlackBuntu) there is penetration testing software which
provides the necessary tools to create exploits that can compromise a windows
system as well as other operating systems. This paper will focus on two main
methods of deploying exploits 1 onto a host computer in order to retrieve
information from a compromised system. One method of deployment for an exploit
that was tested is known as a "social engineering" exploit. This type of method
requires interaction from unsuspecting user. With this user interaction, a
deployed exploit may allow a malicious user to gain access to the unsuspecting
user's computer as well as the network that such computer is connected to. Due
to more advance security setting and antivirus protection and detection, this
method is easily identified and defended against. The second method of exploit
deployment is the method mainly focused upon within this paper. This method
required extensive research on the best way to compromise a security enabled
protected network. Once a network has been compromised, then any and all devices
connected to such network has the potential to be compromised as well. With a
compromised network, computers and devices can be penetrated through deployed
exploits. This paper will illustrate the research done to test ability to
penetrate a network without user interaction, in order to retrieve personal
information from a targeted host.

For more information please visit: http://www.nasa.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            July 16, 2008 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Capone's legacy rules tax regime; Evasion led to downfall of ultimate gangster

BYLINE: Vern Krishna, Financial Post

SECTION: LEGAL POST; Vern Krishna; Pg. FP7

LENGTH: 803  words


Even in death, Alphonse "Scarface" Capone's legacy in tax law thrives in Canada.
The Internal Revenue Service of the United States recently released its papers
concerning the investigation and conviction of Capone for income tax evasion --
the only crime for which America's most notorious criminal was ever convicted.
The IRS said there were no issues of confidentiality and privacy. Since Capone
never filed a tax return, no one could claim privacy rights in respect of his
financial affairs.

Scarface Al was a legendary gangster. His brief stint in organized crime, only
about seven years, supported Hollywood, which recounted his exploits of
bootlegging, gambling and prostitution and made icons of some of Canada's most
famous families. The Untouchables, a television series and later a feature film,
and the The St. Valentine's Day Massacre, a classic movie, would not have been
possible without Capone's larger-than-life exploits in Chicago. Even the phrase
"big fellows" (or "bigfellas") to describe crime bosses, originated in an IRS
tax memo describing the principal players in Capone's exploits.

Capone did not start at the top of his profession. He worked his way up from the
bottom. He came to Chicago from New York as an apprentice hoodlum in 1920 -- one
year after the enactment of the Volstead Act enacted Prohibition -- as a protege
of John Torrio, a lieutenant in the family of organized crime. He apprenticed as
a bouncer in a notoriously tough joint, the "Four Deuces."

After Torrio's injuries in a gun battle, "Big Shot" Capone took over his
administrative duties. He was renowned for his lavish spending and bribery of
city officials. When the authorities arrested Capone on a vagrancy charge, the
state attorney had to dismiss the case because there was not a single policeman
in Chicago who could identify Capone.

The enactment of Prohibition propelled Capone's life as a vice overlord. The
Volstead Act gave the Commissioner of Internal Revenue the primary
responsibility for the law.

Despite all his notoriety and power, Capone's criminal reign was relatively
short: His reign as vice overlord began in 1924 and continued up to the time of
his conviction for income tax invasion on Oct. 17, 1931. The United States
repealed the Volstead Act in 1933, two years after Capone's conviction. He
reigned supreme for only seven of the 14 years of Prohibition.

Capone was shrewd. He did not trust banks and never had a bank account. He
endorsed only one cheque in his entire life. He conducted all of his financial
transactions in cash -- a lesson modern day criminals emulate and that led to
the money-laundering laws in Canada. The IRS could not find a single transaction
where Capone purchased securities.

Capone's propensity for secrecy and lack of documentation became an
insurmountable hurdle for federal agents investigating his crimes.

The agents analyzed bank accounts, interviewed witnesses and secured every scrap
of evidence, all with the objective of eventually prosecuting him.

The income tax prosecution of Capone was quite remarkable. Absent a paper trail,
it was difficult to secure the proper evidence to convict Capone and his
colleagues of income tax evasion. Persons who had knowledge of their financial
transactions were reluctant witnesses for fear of the potential consequences.

Philip D'Andrea -- ostensibly a personal bodyguard -- sat immediately behind
Capone in the courtroom during his trial. D'Andrea was more than just a
bodyguard. His primary function was to stare down witnesses and intimidate them
in the courtroom. He carried a .38-calibre revolver inside his belt and in a
vest pocket he carried a supply of extra cartridges. The judge eventually had
him removed from the court.

Capone was eventually sentenced for tax evasion to 10 years in a federal
penitentiary and one year in the Cook County jail upon completion of his federal
sentence. He was fined US$50,000.

After the successful conclusion of the investigations in Chicago in 1931,
federal agents instituted an intensive drive against racketeers, who were also
evading income taxes on illegal gains in New York City. There were approximately
250 individuals convicted in New York. The attorney-general convicted not only
the racketeers, but also various New York City officials.

The conviction of Al Capone on tax evasion had important consequences for the
income tax system. His conviction inspired colleagues to engage in "voluntary
disclosure" of undeclared income to avoid similar prosecutions.

Capone's colleagues paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to avoid similar
prosecution. We see Capone's legacy in Canada's current voluntary-disclosure
program.

--- - Prof. Vern Krishna, CM, QC, FCGA, is counsel at Borden Ladner Gervais LLP
and executive director of the CGA Tax Research Centre at the University of
Ottawa.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Canwest News Service File Photo; Al Capone avoided leaving a financial
paper trail. ; !@AKW=Comment

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              April 7, 2013 Sunday

Melo fit for king Knicks legend cheering on Anthony's high-scoring performances

BYLINE: Marc Berman

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 120

LENGTH: 755 words


OKLAHOMA CITY - Bernard King is watching with pride and awe as Carmelo Anthony's
record-setting exploits unfold. Tomorrow, King officially will be named a Hall
of Famer, as reported by The Post on Friday.

Despite his own honor, King couldn't have been prouder of Anthony, who came to
New York announcing King was his boyhood idol, and is living up to that scoring
legacy.

Today against the Thunder, in the biggest test to the Knicks' 11-game winning
streak, a raging-hot Anthony and Kevin Durant will go mano-a-mano. They are
battling for the scoring title, with Durant in the lead and holding the tiniest
edge, one-tenth of a point: 28.4 to 28.3.

Anthony, for all his prodigious scoring exploits, never has won the scoring
title. Durant never has had three straight games of 40 or more points.

Anthony tied King's Knicks' record of three straight games of 40 or more points
in Friday's 101-83 win over the Bucks and will look to break it today. He posted
50, 40 and 41 points on the Heat, Hawks and Bucks, respectively.

"Melo is playing the best basketball of any player in the NBA,'' King told The
Post. "He's the best scorer in the league. He's playing phenomenally. There's
nothing you're going to do defensively that's going to stop him. He can handle,
shoot, pass rebound, penetrate. He can put the ball on the floor and handle the
ball in transition. He can post up down low. He's very difficult to prepare for.

"I've enjoyed watching him. I was hoping he would break my record [Friday].''

King still holds the distinction of having back-to-back 50-point games for the
Knicks - on Jan. 31 and Feb. 1, 1984. Anthony had the chance to match him in
Atlanta on Friday, with King watching. Anthony rang up 36 after three quarters
before asking coach Mike Woodson for extra rest in the fourth. When he
re-entered the game, Anthony passed instead of forcing shots, and it keyed the
victory.

"It was rooting for him to score 50 and 51,'' King said.

During the three-game rampage, Anthony has averaged 43.7 points on 64.2-percent
shooting, along with 7.0 rebounds and 2.0 turnovers. Anthony is the fourth NBA
player to have three straight games of 40 or more points in which he shot 60
percent. He also leads the league with eight games of 40 or more points this
season.

King is impressed Anthony has lived up to the hype.

"To do it in Madison Square Garden in New York City for one of the best-known
franchises in the world, that's special,'' King said. "There are lot of
high-profile athletes that come to New York and they tend to underperform
because of the pressure of New York. With Carmelo, he relishes being on center
stage. There's a special beauty playing in New York in front of the most
knowledgeable basketball fans. He's welcomed it and relished the pressure.''

King sees a lot of stylistic similarities in their offensive games, except he
admits Anthony is a significantly better 3-point shooter.

"That wasn't in my skill set,'' King said. "I believe there are certain
similarities. Melo shared with me he used to watch my game tapes. Some of the
moves he executes are similar. When he raises the ball over his shoulders
straight up, it's something I used to do. It really puts the defender at your
mercy once you bring it all the way down, in many ways.''

Anthony hasn't always earned the designation as a smart player. But King
couldn't disagree more.

"Carmelo has a very high basketball IQ,'' King said. "Self-analyzing myself,
that was one of my attributes. That means true understanding of the game. You
know how to execute strategy, know how to score. I know what the defense was
going to do. There's only five ways you can defend someone at the wing. Melo
understands the game.''

It's one thing to hear "M-V-P'' chants for Anthony at the Garden. King couldn't
believe what he heard in Atlanta.

"I was stunned by that,'' King said of the booming "M-V-P" chants at Philips
Arena. "I had never seen in all my basketball years fans chanting 'M-V-P' for
the opposing team's player as they did for Carmelo.''

King said he couldn't comment on The Post's story he will be named a Hall of
Fame inductee tomorrow, but it is obvious he believes Anthony won't be far
behind after he retires.

"He's playing the best basketball of his life," King said, noting Anthony's
improved 3-point shot. "What Anthony has done obviously in the offseason, he's
worked on his game. Each year he comes back a better player. And he won't stop.
He's only going to get better.''

marc.berman@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Well, shoot! Knicks legend Bernard King (inset), who a source says will
be selected to the Hall of Fame tomorrow, loves the way Carmelo Anthony (above)
has played during his three-game streak of 40-plus points - which Melo will try
to extend today at Oklahoma City. N.Y. Post: Charles Wenzelberg (2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 19, 2014 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Eagles offense hums along;
Minus Jackson, focus shifts to TEs, RBs

BYLINE: Gary Mihoces, @ByGaryMihoces, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9C

LENGTH: 652 words


Though 2-0, the Philadelphia Eagles have had slow starts -- no problem in 2010
when wide receiver DeSean Jackson had an 88-yard touchdown catch on the first
play from scrimmage against the Washington Redskins.

But Jackson, 20% of the Eagles offense last season with 1,332 receiving yards
only to be released in March, will play for Washington against Philadelphia on
Sunday, shoulder injury permitting.

The Eagles will counter with an offense that has gotten 31 of its 48 receptions
from running backs Darren Sproles and LeSean McCoy and tight ends Zach Ertz and
Brent Celek.

Is the fast-tempo offense of Eagles coach Chip Kelly now geared to the pass
catching of running backs and tight ends?

"We are equal opportunity distributors," Kelly said Thursday. "So how do you
want to defend us? It doesn't matter. If there is a matchup we can exploit,
we'll exploit it. ... We don't have a set number that this needs to go here. ...
A lot of times, it's different guys, different games."

It has clicked in second halves vs. the Jacksonville Jaguars and Indianapolis
Colts. Outscored 34-6 in the first halves, the Eagles owned the second ones
58-10.

Sproles has 11 catches for 166 yards, McCoy  10 for 64 and Ertz  seven for 163.

The leading wideouts: Jeremy Maclin (eight catches for 142 yards and two TDs),
Riley Cooper (five for 37 yards) and rookie Jordan Matthews (three for 54).

Offensive coordinator Pat Shurmur expects the distribution to even out over the
long haul: "Production comes in bunches, so we anticipate that everybody out
there is going to make plays."

The Eagles want to start faster. "We're just not executing at a high level
(early) like we are later in the game," Shurmur said. "We've proven twice we can
come back on good opponents and win, but that's not the most ideal way to do
it."

Cooper, who last season had 835 receiving yards and eight touchdowns, says it
remains to be seen how the passing game flows.

"I don't know how it's going to pan out," Cooper said. "But we need to keep
doing what we're doing to win games. So if that means the running backs are
catching more balls, the receivers are catching more balls, we're running the
ball more ... however we win is what we need to do."

Kelly restated this week that it was a football decision to release Jackson,
though the move came amid an NJ.com report that Jackson had connections to gang
members in Los Angeles.

Kelly said the Eagles wanted to get bigger at wideout. Cooper is 6-4, 230,
Matthews 6-3, 212. It was pointed out to Kelly on Thursday that Maclin (6-0,
198) didn't quite fit that mold.

"Jeremy Maclin is bigger than DeSean (5-10, 178) is, isn't he?" Kelly said. "You
can't get everybody to be 6-5. Everybody ideally would like a Megatron-type guy
(6-5, 236 Calvin Johnson of the Detroit Lions)."

Beyond being without Jackson, the Eagles might now have to stop him, though he
sprained his left shoulder Sunday.

"We know him well. He's got great speed, great ability to catch the ball and
adjust," said Bill Davis, Eagles defensive coordinator. "We all know he'll be
amped up to play us. ... One of the good things is our defensive backs have
covered him (in practice) every day."

Eagles safety Nate Allen anticipates seeing Jackson. "I don't know the condition
of his shoulder, but we're expecting that right now. We're not just completely
focused on one person. They've got a lot of weapons."

Eagles quarterback Nick Foles looks forward to saying hello to Jackson before
the game. "We had a lot of great games, a lot of great hookups on the field. ...
But at the same time, we're playing against the Redskins, so we're going to be
competing each and every down to beat him."

Foles will prepare with a different set of targets in an offense that leads the
NFL in total yards.

"I feel very comfortable throwing to those guys," Foles said. "DeSean's a great
receiver, but I have great receivers here that make plays for me and do a great
job."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Eric Hartline, USA TODAY Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 1, 2015 Saturday

BRIEF: World War II airman Ernest Treff recounts his flying exploits

BYLINE: Shelly Yang, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 59 words


Aug. 01--Ernest Treff is a 92-year-old World War II ace who served in the 56th
Fighter Group, 61st Squadron. He recounted his flying exploits to The Day
columnist David Collins in Mumford Cove in Groton on July 29, 2015.

___ (c)2015 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150801-NL-BRF-World-War-II-airman-Ernest-Treff-recounts-his-flying-
exploits-0801-20150801

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2015 The Day


                              67 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 12, 2002 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Bishop Warns Against Lay Groups;
Conference Leader Says Some Would Exploit Scandal to Advance 'Agendas'

BYLINE: Alan Cooperman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 836 words


The president of the nation's Roman Catholic bishops told his colleagues
yesterday that the sexual abuse scandal has caused serious fractures in the
church, and that they should beware of people who are trying to exploit those
divisions to advance various agendas.

Without mentioning Voice of the Faithful, Call to Action or any other
organization by name, Bishop Wilton D. Gregory took a firm stand against lay
Catholic groups that are pushing for major changes, such as ordaining women and
allowing married priests.

"As bishops, we should have no illusions about the intent of some people who
have shown more than a casual interest in the discord we have experienced within
the church this year," Gregory, of Belleville, Ill., said in his opening address
to a four-day meeting of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops in Washington.

The approximately 250 bishops applauded vigorously as Gregory said that some of
those exploiting the scandal are non-Catholics who "are hostile to the very
principles and teachings" of the church.

"Sadly, even among the baptized, there are those at extremes within the Church
who have chosen to exploit the vulnerability of the bishops in this moment to
advance their own agendas," he said.

Gregory's address appeared to reflect a new tone among the bishops since they
last met in Dallas in June. There, the dominant theme was penitence, and Gregory
had excoriated his fellow bishops for their collective responsibility for
leaving sexual abusers in ministry.

Yesterday, the dominant tone was defensive, as the bishops focused on explaining
changes in their disciplinary policy requested by the Vatican to ensure due
process for accused priests.

"At our last meeting, I spent a considerable amount of time acknowledging what
were the faults of leaders," Gregory said during a break in the discussions. "I
mentioned that again today. But I don't have to flagellate."

Gregory added that his criticism was not aimed at victims' groups, but at "some
who would like to see the church silenced on issues like abortion" and others
who are advocating "ordination of women and that sort of thing."

Chicago's Cardinal Francis George, head of a delegation of four U.S. bishops who
worked out the proposed changes in a two-day visit to Rome, said the Vatican had
neither rejected nor softened the "zero tolerance" policy adopted in Dallas.

On the contrary, he maintained, the revisions strengthen the policy by spelling
out a variety of tools -- including administrative procedures and internal
church trials -- that bishops can use to keep their promise to remove
permanently from ministry any priest who has ever sexually abused a minor.

The result, George told the bishops, will be "a stable juridical framework to
bring this terrible scandal to a conclusion."

Oklahoma Gov. Frank A. Keating (R), chairman of a National Review Board of 13
lay Catholics, said the board had listened to the bishops' explanations and was
"satisfied at this juncture that this is a workable and very reassuring
document."

In particular, Keating said, the board was assured that the main document
approved in Dallas, the Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People,
still requires church officials to report promptly to civil authorities when
they receive an allegation of abuse of a current minor.

The legal document negotiated by the bishops with the Vatican, known as the
"norms," requires only that dioceses comply with all civil laws, which in many
states exempt clergy members from reporting such allegations. Despite the lesser
requirement in the norms, Keating said, "the charter has moral authority, and
its reporting requirement is unambiguous."

The bishops have scheduled a vote on the changes for tomorrow. At the same time,
they may adopt a statement on their own accountability. It urges bishops to
apply the Dallas charter to themselves and to offer each other not just
"fraternal support" but also "fraternal challenge and fraternal correction."

Bishop Robert H. Brom of San Diego, chairman of the committee that drafted the
language, said the bishops' conference has no authority to discipline or remove
its members, because only the pope can do that. But Brom said the bishops could
recommend to each other, or to the Vatican, that certain bishops step down or be
removed. Such recommendations, he added, would be most likely to occur in
private letters or regional meetings of bishops, not in public.

As the bishops met in the ballroom of the Hyatt Regency on Capitol Hill,
victims' groups and lay Catholic organizations protested in the rain outside.
David Clohessy, executive director of the 4,300-member Survivors Network of
Those Abused by Priests, called Gregory's speech "a real slap at lay people."

"I don't know of anyone who has taken delight in the church's troubles, and I
don't know of anyone who has ever said the bishops are evil men out to hurt
children," Clohessy said. "No matter how much we disagree with the bishops,
we've never impugned their motives."

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              68 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                            March 12, 2014 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

'Wild Bill' Guarnere;
US Army Staff Sergeant. Born: 1923 Bemedalled soldier whose exploits in Europe
were dramatised in the HBO series 'Band of Brothers'

BYLINE: CHRIS MAUME

SECTION: OBITUARIES; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 272 words


William "Wild Bill" Guarnere was one of the Second World War veterans whose
exploits were dramatised in the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers. Based on the
book by historian Stephen Ambrose, and with Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg among
its producers, it followed the members of Easy Company, 506th Regiment, 101st
Airborne Division from training in Georgia in 1942 through some of the war's
fiercest European battles, including the D-Day Normandy invasion, through the
war's end in 1945.

Following Pearl Harbour, Guarnere left high school to work in a Sherman tank
factory, before enlisting. As depicted in the series, he displayed strong hatred
for the Germans, since his elder brother Henry had been killed at Monte Cassino.
Guarnere, whose exploits earned him the nickname of "Wild Bill", subsequently
lost a leg trying to help a wounded comrade during the Battle of the Bulge. His
commendations included the Silver Star, two Bronze Stars and two Purple Hearts.

In 2007, with his fellow south Philadelphian veteran Edward J "Babe" Heffron and
the journalist Robyn Post, he wrote a bestselling memoir, Brothers in Battle,
Best of Friends. The former comrades, Guarnere and Heffron, remained friends
until Heffron died in December.

Jake Powers, who operates a Band of Brothers tour company in Grafton,
Massachusetts, said Guarnere worked behind the scenes to ensure that his
comrades received the recognition they deserved. "He did more things behind the
scenes for other veterans than for himself," Powers said.

William Guarnere, soldier: born South Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 28 April 1923;
married Frances; died Philadelphia 8 March 2014.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2014 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 18, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

Derby Hopeful Exploit Sent to Stud

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 212 words

DATELINE: ARCADIA, Calif., March 17


Exploit, the early favorite for the Kentucky Derby, will not race again because
of a bone chip in his left knee.

"If he had surgery it would be eight or nine months before he could come back,
and after knee surgery they don't come back as good," trainer Bob Baffert said
today. "He's worth more money at breeding."

The injury occurred Saturday when Exploit finished second to stablemate Prime
Timber in the San Felipe at Santa Anita for his first loss in six starts.

Baffert, who won the 1997 Kentucky Derby with Silver Charm and last year's with
Real Quiet, said that after the colt walked Tuesday morning, a filling was
discovered in the knee and that X-rays disclosed the injury.

Exploit, owned by Bob and Beverley Lewis, won all four starts as a 2-year-old
and began his 3-year-old campaign by winning the San Vicente Feb. 6 at Santa
Anita. Two of his victories at 2 were in the Iroquois and the Kentucky Jockey
Club at Churchill Downs.

Baffert trains Derby hopefuls Prime Timber, owned by Aaron and Marie Jones, and
Straight Man, owned by the Lewises. Straight Man is unbeaten in his two starts.

Also trained by Baffert are the top 3-year-old fillies Silverbulletday and
Excellent Meeting. Neither is headed for the Kentucky Derby at this time.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              70 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   InfoWorld

                              July 31, 2006 Monday

The mind of HD Moore

BYLINE: Paul F. Roberts

SECTION: BREAKING NEWS Vol. 28 No. 31

LENGTH: 724 words


HD Moore has a matter-of-fact way of talking that belies his uncanny
ability to draw the public eye. In just the past month, the 25-year-old Texan,
who started the open source Metasploit Project in 2003, made headlines for
promising to release a new bug for the Internet Explorer Web browser each day
in July. By the end of July, he was in the news again: releasing a Web-based
tool that uses the Google search engine to locate malicious programs.

InfoWorld Senior Editor Paul Roberts caught up with Moore, who is also director
of security research at BreakingPoint Systems in Austin, Texas, to talk about
Metasploit, project management, and full disclosure.

InfoWorld: Why did you launch Metasploit in the first place?

HD Moore: In 2003 there was ... a doldrum in the security area. A lot of the
people who were active publishers of information got jobs or decided to do
something else. At the same time, private companies started to hoard security
information, so people started saying, "Why should I give this information
away when I can sell it to iDefense?" Metasploit was about creating a toolkit
and a framework for developing new exploits quickly, allowing people to cut
through the boilerplate stuff and develop something new.

IW: How did you grow the project to where it is now?

HDM: Knowledge spread mostly by word of mouth. People would say, "That's cool."
[Metasploit lead developer] Spoonm ... e-mailed us and said, "Your software
sucks." And I was like, "OK, why don't you rewrite it?" So he did. In the
exploit community, you've got to appeal to ego. Make it a challenge. That's
what they live for. As a project manager, it's my job to say, "OK. How can we
do better?" One reason that Metasploit has done so well is that there's no
holier-than-thou attitude.

IW: What should enterprise IT staff know about Metasploit?

HDM: I'm always wary of recommending Metasploit for use in a company, because
your employer may have rules that forbid the use of programs like this. I
think it can be a nice way to follow up after a third-party vulnerability
assessment. The company you hire should be able to prove that the
vulnerabilities they've discovered are real. Not just say, "Oh, I found 20
bugs -- fix them." Tools like Metasploit can verify that, by running an
exploit and seeing if it works. Unlike public exploits, you can also be sure
that [Metasploit] isn't installing back doors.

IW: You caught heat for releasing a new IE vulnerability every day in July, as
if you were aiding and abetting the enemy.

HDM: That comes with territory. Any time you supply information to anybody,
you've got to supply it to everybody. We saw this a couple years back, where
CERT was allowing some customers to purchase vulnerability information in
advance, then someone took that information and generated an exploit from it.
Partial disclosure never works. You just end up catering to special groups
that you deem trustworthy enough to have access. If I make something public,
it's not just to a group that I consider trustworthy.

IW: You recently unveiled a Google-based malicious code locator, akin to the
one security firm Websense said it developed. What was behind that?

HDM: Websense made [searchable malicious code] sound like a massive risk, but
every example we found using Google, you could get anywhere else. Some of
these were really old archives that were posted on public mailing lists. But
there were some interesting examples. We did a search for any executable and
downloaded around 400GB of binaries. There were around 2,300 samples and 125
matched a known [malware] signature. Around 50 or 100 were malware that was
not detected by anti-virus software.

IW: In recent months, we've seen a number of undiscovered (zero day) exploits
for Word, Excel, and Powerpoint. What are your thoughts on that trend?

HDM: There's definitely a trend toward releasing zero-days. I know of five or
six zero-day exploits that are being privately traded right now. These are
cases where the vendor is not being told on purpose. You've probably heard of
TippingPoint's Zero Day Initiative and the iDefense [now VeriSign] program to
buy exploits. Well, there's also a massive group of buyers in back of them
that will pay 10 to 15 times as much. We don't know who they are, but the
rumor is they're funded by "three letter [acronym]" agencies in the United
States.

Paul F. Roberts is a senior editor at InfoWorld.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


                      Copyright 2006 InfoWorld Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             July 14, 2015 Tuesday

Adobe updates Flash to address exploits, Mozilla re-enables Flash

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 278 words


Adobe has released a patch to fix the recent Flash exploits that resulted in the
attack of Hacking Team, and Mozilla has re-enabled Flash on Firefox after
disabling it by default for security concerns.

cA few days ago we were notified of two vulnerabilities within the Flash Player
that could potentially allow an attacker to take control of an affected system,c
Adobe wrote in the official press release. cUpon investigation, we confirmed and
fixed the issues, and took steps to ensure that this class of attack cannot be
used as a future attack vector.c

These exploits resulted in the high-profile cyber attack on Hacking Team, which
revealed that the surveillance company was working with repressive governments,
contradicting statements that said otherwise.

Citing security concerns, Mozilla disabled Flash by default on its browser
Firefox on Monday, but later re-enabled Flash after the patch was released.
Mozilla advises users to only enable Flash for trusted websites, as attackers
can cuse the security flaws in Flash to run malicious software on your computer
to gain access on your system.c

Facebook chief security officer Alex Stamos recently called for the death of
flash so that infrastructures could turn to more secure alternatives.

Chad Weiner, director of product management of Mozilla, told SiliconBeat in a
statement that while Mozilla is glad Adobe fixed the vulnerabilities, Mozilla
will ccontinue to work with developers to encourage adoption of safer and more
stable technologies, such as HTML5 and Javascript, and we look forward to
helping drive that conversation.c

Photo: Exterior view of Adobe Systems headquarters in San Jose. (AP Photo/Paul
Sakuma)

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Exterior view of Adobe Systems Inc. headquarters in San Jose, Calif.,
Thursday, June 16, 2005. Adobe Systems Inc. said Thursday, June 16, 2005, that
its second-quarter profits rose 37 percent as the maker of Acrobat and Photoshop
reported strong sales of its most popular software.(AP Photo/Paul Sakuma)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 29, 2009 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

OBITUARY Early exploits gave her wonderful stories to tell

BYLINE: Virginia Culver The Denver Post

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-11

LENGTH: 495 words


Mary Alice Uyetani wrestled, competed in roller derbys, dived into a pool
through rings of fire and drove trucks loaded with munitions.

"Auntie Mame had nothing on Mary Alice," said a friend, P.J. VanderStowe of
Golden.

Uyetani, who later waited tables in Golden for years, died March 11 at 82.

"She could tell some wonderful stories," said VanderStowe, adding that "some may
have been exaggerated."

But the family has pictures and clippings of Uyetani's exploits proving that
many of her stories were true.

With the wrestling matches, "there were no rules," said her son, Wayne Uyetani
of Thornton. "But I imagine some of it was fake, just like it is today."

Most of Uyetani's exploits occurred when she was a teenager and in her early
20s.

She loved the challenges, said her daughter, Debbie Uyetani of Long Beach,
Calif. But the stunts were also a way of earning money to support herself.

One family photo shows her preparing to dive 50 feet into a pool, and others
show her wrestling. In one, "Mad Mary," as she was called, is twirling her
opponent above her head, and in another Uyetani is being pinned by her opponent.

The Kansas City Bombers included about 60 men and women who traveled to several
states, where 16 of them would form two teams and compete against one another.

"You didn't get any money if you didn't skate, and you got more money if your
team won," Wayne Uyetani said.

People in the audience got so heated that some threw things at the wrestlers,
who were sometimes escorted out of the arena by guards. Uyetani had a scar on
her forehead the rest of her life from a mustard jar someone threw at her,
Debbie Uyetani said.

Mary Uyetani was also somewhat of a pool hustler, said her son, "and she was so
good she could kick my butt even when she was older."

After moving to Colorado, Uyetani waited tables at the Old Heidelberg, Holland
House and Holiday Inn restaurants, all in Golden.

A short woman with platinum blond hair enhanced by a wig, she loved to dress up
and match jewelry. "She had a bubbly personality, and people liked to sit at her
tables," said her son.

But Uyetani was constantly playing practical jokes on people and getting revenge
on those who angered her. Sometimes she'd put fruit in the chandeliers or hide
all the orange slices from the bartender, VanderStowe said.

Once a customer was "harassing" another waitress and the next time Uyetani went
by the man's table, she purposely let a bowl of split pea soup fall on him,
VanderStowe said.

"She was a funny lady, but she wasn't pleasant when you got on her bad side,"
said Theresa Neugebauer of Golden, who waited tables with Uyetani.

Mary Alice Sherman was born in Kansas City, Mo., on June 28, 1926.

She married Kenneth Enyart, and they moved to Colorado in 1953. The couple had
two children.

They later divorced, and Mary Alice Enyart married George Uyetani in 1962.

In addition to him, her son and daughter, she is survived by one grandchild.

Virginia Culver: 303-954-1223

or vculver@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituaries

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                     January 26, 2017 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Zero Day Exploits Will Rise from Once Per Week to Once Per Day in 2021

BYLINE: Digital Defense Inc.

LENGTH: 506  words


San Antonio, TX,  January 26, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Digital Defense, Inc., a leading
provider of Vulnerability Management as a Service (VMaaS), today announced a new
Zero Day Report from CyberSecurity Ventures that provides vulnerability trends,
statistics, best practices, and resources for CISOs and IT security teams. The
report contains data and comments from industry experts from the Zero Day
Initiative, Trend Micro, Black Duck, Gartner, VMWare, Digital Defense, and
DARPA, among others. It paints a frightening picture for what's on the horizon
as more powerful exploit kits run downstream to less experienced hackers.

The Digital Defense sponsored report highlights several jaw dropping stats,
including:

- The application attack surface is growing by 111 billion new lines of software
code every year.

- Zero day exploits will increase from one per week in 2015 to one per day in
2021.

- More zero day flaws will be found in commercial software produced from
companies like Apple and Adobe.

- There will be open source code in 99% of mission critical apps of the Global
2000.

"Widespread use of open source code needs to be approached carefully from a
security standpoint," said Mike Cotton, vice president of research and
development at Digital Defense. "A block of code can be a component in software
written for many kinds of devices, so a zero-day flaw found in such a component
can be multiplied many times. You'll typically see a slew of vulnerabilities
come out on all types of appliances and platforms."

"Digital Defense is a thought leader around zero day exploits, and their
contributions to our report are invaluable," says Steve Morgan, Founder and
Editor-In-Chief at Cybersecurity Ventures. "Cybercrime damages are predicted to
cost the world $6 trillion annually by 2021, and zero-day exploits are a growing
contributor. We urge CISOs and IT security teams to get proactive - best they
can - and take zero-days seriously, sooner rather than later."

About Digital Defense

Founded in 1999, Digital Defense, Inc. is a trusted provider of managed security
risk assessment solutions, protecting billions of dollars in assets for clients
around the globe. This includes highly regulated industries such as healthcare,
financial, and retail, as well as those entrusted with sensitive data such as
law firms and energy companies. DDI's unique Vulnerability Management as a
Service (VMaaS) model delivers consistently accurate vulnerability scanning and
penetration testing, while its security awareness training promotes employees'
security-minded behavior. Digital Defense security solutions are highly regarded
by industry experts, as illustrated by the company's top 25 ranking (#21) in
Cybersecurity Ventures' list of the World's 500 Hottest Cybersecurity Companies,
as well as inclusion in CSO Outlook's Top 10 Network Security Companies, and CIO
Review's 20 Most Promising Cyber Security Solutions.

Contact Digital Defense at 888-273-1412; visit www.digitaldefense.com, our blog,
LinkedIn, or follow @Digital_Defense on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2017 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 20, 2004 Friday

EDWARDS' 9/11 SLAP - BASHES BUSH FOR 'EXPLOITING' TRAGEDY

BYLINE: DEBORAH ORIN and STEFAN C. FRIEDMAN

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 369 words


Democratic underdog John Edwards kicked off the battle for New York yesterday
with A-Rod quips and a charge that President Bush is trying to "exploit" the
9/11 tragedy at this coming summer's Republican convention here.

"George Bush and his team - they think they're going to exploit this tragedy for
a few days at their convention," Edwards told a crowd of 1,000 at Columbia
University as he sought support against front-runner John Kerry in the 10-state
Super Tuesday primaries on March 2.

Edwards, buoyed by Tuesday's strong second-place finish behind Kerry in
Wisconsin, is making New York a top priority.

But a new Marist poll last night said Kerry is backed by 66 percent of New York
Democrats with Edwards at just 14 and Al Sharpton 7. The Feb. 17-19 poll has a
5-point error margin.

Edwards is stressing jobs lost overseas because of the NAFTA trade deal - for
which Kerry voted - and will campaign in economically battered upstate cities
for the next four days.

Edwards, a North Carolina senator, said he's glad New York is "excited about
having a new fresh face from the South" - but then admitted he's not Texas
Ranger-turned-Yankee Alex Rodriguez.

Doing well here is critical to Edwards since he needs a few wins on Super
Tuesday and he's mostly targeting New York, Ohio, Georgia and California.

Kerry is waiting until Monday to come to New York, for rallies in Harlem and
Jamaica. He had announced a weekend stop in Rochester, but replaced it with a
trip to Georgia - Edwards' turf.

Edwards' daughter Cate, 21, a Princeton senior, also was at Columbia yesterday
along with Kerry's two daughters, film student Alexandra, 28, and Harvard med
student Vanessa, 26, plus Vice President Dick Cheney's daughter Liz for a
women's forum,

Edwards' charge that Bush is out to "exploit" New York and that the city is
hurting drew a retort from Mayor Bloomberg, who claimed it's "preposterous" to
say New York is doing badly and noted Democrats wanted their convention here,
too.

Word that Al Gore - who had backed dropout contender Howard Dean - will sub for
Edwards at an Idaho party dinner fueled talk of a Dean-Edwards link, but all
sides so far insist it's just coincidence.

Additional reporting by Ken Lovett

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DEM DAUGHTERS: Vanessa (left) and Alexandra Kerry (center) join Cate
Edwards at a bipartisan forum at Columbia University yesterday.   [N.Y. Post:
Jim Alcorn]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday

Teen's climb to World Trade spire a glimpse into 'parkour' youth culture;
The youthful exploit jolted officials in charge of security at the World Trade
Center site. But the feat seems to represent something different to the teen
involved, who is apparently part of a daredevil parkour crew.

BYLINE: Harry Bruinius Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 746 words


Just before dawn this past Sunday, a skinny New Jersey teen with a daredevil's
love of heights allegedly wiggled through a one-by-one-foot hole in the fence
surrounding One World Trade Center. He made his way past two security guards and
went all the way up to the symbolic spire of America's tallest building, built
to be an icon of freedom.

For two hours, the 16-year-old, identified as Justin Casquejo from Weehawken,
took in the panoramic view and snapped photos of the glistening night-lit
landscape, authorities said, as first reported by the New York Post. When he
made his way back down, a construction worker stopped him and called Port
Authority police, who took him into custody and charged him with misdemeanor
trespassing. His cellphone and camera were confiscated.

The youthful exploit jolted officials in charge of security at ground zero, the
site of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. "We take security and these
types of infractions extremely seriously and will prosecute violators," said
Joseph Dunne, chief security officer for the Port Authority, in a statement. "We
continue to reassess our security posture at the site and are constantly working
to make this site as secure as possible."

But the stunt appears to represent something entirely different to Justin.

Based on his Twitter feed and those linked to his friends - as well as photos
posted previously on social media sites - the teen is apparently part of a
daredevil "parkour" crew called "Team Destiny." It's a group of fearless teens
who apparently sneak into high places, especially at construction sites, and
take photos of their exploits.

Parkour, originally a French word, is a daring pastime born on urban streets, in
which young adventurers, skateboarders, and others use public spaces as a
rebels' playground. The more daring and reckless the exploit, the more "street
cred" a player gains.

Kids who engage in parkour often post their feats on social media sites,
including YouTube. Justin's social media accounts had posted a number of photos
that appear to be taken at the top of public buildings with a panoramic view. In
particular, his Facebook and Twitter accounts contain photos posted earlier this
month of another apparent dangerous climb, to the top of a Weehawken
construction crane.

The teen is also shown gazing and pointing at One World Trade as he stands
across the Hudson.

As news of the exploit broke, Justin tweeted Thursday morning, "Shout out to my
parkour team Destiny."

Comments apparently by the crew reveal an attitude of fun-loving youthful
recklessness, detached from the seriousness of the breach in site security.

"Haha team destiny is going places," was a tweet from the account under the name
Steven Peralta, @BabyDickSteve, who was linked to Justin's "shout out" tweet.

"Ahhh! This is just the beginning! Let's goo!!!!!!" tweeted $osa, @KingTjay1,
posting a news story about his Twitter friend's new infamy.

As word of Justin's feat spread through the Twitterverse, the tag #FreeJustin
was already gaining support from like-minded youths across the nation, many
gushing about the One World Trade parkour.

Justin is no longer in custody, however.

According to the criminal complaint, the teen had canvassed ground zero and
planned his exploit carefully.

"I walked around the construction site and figured out how to access the Freedom
Tower rooftop," he told police afterward. "I found a way up through the
scaffolding, climbed onto the sixth floor, and took the elevator up to the 88th
floor. I then took the staircase up to 104th (floor). I went to the rooftop and
climbed the ladder all the way to the antenna."

After he apparently found the small opening in the perimeter fence, an
unsuspecting elevator operator brought Justin - who was without ID and may have
donned construction apparel - to the 88th floor. Here, the teen walked passed a
sleeping security guard before making his way to the spire.

The elevator operator has since been reassigned, and the sleeping guard was
fired.

As officials grapple with this major breach in security at the World Trade
Center site, where terrorist attacks destroyed the twin towers on Sept. 11,
2001, Justin remained jubilant when contacted by reporters.

"Ha ha, oh yeah, that. Right. I would really love to talk to you guys because I
have a lot that I want to say about it," he told the Post. "I was told that I
just can't [talk] without permission."

On Wednesday, he summed up his adventure in a one-word tweet: "Inspired."

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            July 19, 2000 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Briefs

BYLINE: Garry West, Christine Lacy

SECTION: COMPANIES AND MARKETS; Briefs; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 166 words


MIM digs deep for ore

MIM Holdings Ltd said yesterday it had achieved commercial production at its new
$327 million Enterprise copper mine at Mount Isa from July 1. The mine will
exploit the orebodies known as 3,000 and 3,500, which are below existing
"workings" at the mine in north-west Queensland. Garry West

Optus seals tourist deal

Cable & Wireless Optus yesterday launched an international initiative, Ozitalk,
to exploit an estimated $300 million-a-year market for the communications needs
of travellers to Australia. Optus has signed alliances with international
counterparts, airlines and handset manufacturers for the pre-sale of
telecommunications services to tourists before they arrive in Australia.
Christine Lacy

Telstra expands IP in US

Telstra Corp said yesterday it had expanded its global internet protocol
backbone in the US to include Chicago, Washington, New York and Los Angeles. The
expansion will complement its plans to extend its IP backbone from London to
Japan. Christine Lacy

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2000 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                          September 18, 2013 Wednesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

EU rivals will exploit any tax changes here, top academic warns

BYLINE: Colm Kelpie

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 344 words


IRELAND has lost some international companies to the UK because of the so-called
patent box tax break offered by the British government, a leading academic
warned.

As Europe probes Ireland's tax regime, Trinity College Dublin professor Frank
Barry told the Oireachtas sub committee on tax that other countries were closely
watching what Ireland does in regards to its corporate tax rate to potentially
exploit "any leeway that we give them".

Britain''s patent box regime involves the levying of lower corporate tax rates
on profit related to innovations and exploiting patents. Belgium, France,
Hungary, the Netherlands and Spain are also said to offer similar regimes.

"I believe already we have lost some companies to the UK who are exploiting
that," Prof Barry said, an economics professor at Trinity College.

"It really is a competitive battle so we really have to be careful in what we do
because other countries will be there to exploit the leeway that we give them."

"  It comes just months after Germany's finance minister called for a ban on
patent box tax breaks, claiming it resulted in unfair competition for foreign
investment.

Corporate tax avoidance has become a hot political topic with austerity-weary
voters across Europe angered by revelations of tax avoidance by companies
including Starbucks, Google and Apple in the past year.

The Government has come under renewed international pressure after the European
Commission announced it was investigating the tax affairs of multinational
companies here.

Prof Barry told the committee that we were being "overly paranoid" about the
possible reputational impact of having Ireland's multinational tax affairs being
discussed on the international stage.

He said he had taking soundings from the 'Wall Street Journal', who told him
that the sense out of Silicon Valley was that "this was doing us no damage
whatsoever".

People Before Profit TD Richard Boyd Barrett said the reason the corporate tax
regime needed to be looked as was because the country was in a "dire state" and
that we "desperately need revenue".

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Professor Frank Barry

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          December 30, 2009, Wednesday

WEST VIRGINIA FOOTBALL - GATOR BOWL NOTES;
Gator key: WVU's ability to exploit FSU weakness

BYLINE: Dave Hickman, Staff writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P3B

LENGTH: 1113 words


JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - Seldom do games actually play out the way they are supposed
to.

Projected defensive struggles often become shootouts. Running teams sometimes
become pass happy. Strengths often seem like weaknesses and vice versa when all
is said and done.

With that caveat, here is the key to West Virginia vs. Florida State in Friday's
Gator Bowl: big plays.

Specifically, but not exclusively, that probably means West Virginia's ability
to make them versus Florida State's ability to prevent them.

Neither side denies it.

"The thing that scares me most about them is them hitting a big play on us.
That's been our nemesis all year,'' Florida State coach Bobby Bowden said.
"We'll play pretty good defense, pretty good defense, pretty good defense and
then all of a sudden 65 yards, 55 yards, a hundred yards. We've probably given
up more big plays this year than I can ever remember.''

Don't think that the Mountaineers haven't noticed.

"That's on any film you break down,'' WVU receiver Jock Sanders said Tuesday.
"They've got big playmaker guys and they've got great defensive guys, but when
you look at their defense, more and more you see holes that you can exploit.''

If West Virginia is going to exploit them, the most likely candidate Bowden
worries about is tailback Noel Devine, who has 10 career runs of 50 yards or
more, including six of 70 yards or longer. He is fifth in the nation among
active players in yards per carry over his career, averaging 6.4.

"If they didn't have a big-play man on their team I wouldn't worry that much
about it,'' Bowden said. "But they've got a guy that can strike. I mean, he can
kill you in one play, man. They've got a couple of them. Other than that it's
probably a pretty good matchup.''

Still, big plays are a two-way street, and West Virginia has to be just as
concerned about them going the other way.

"They can strike, like we can, at any given moment,'' West Virginia coach Bill
Stewart said. "These guys are tremendous athletes. They're still Florida State,
no matter what the record is. I just have to keep putting on that BYU film [a
54-28 FSU win on the road over the then-No. 7 Cougars in September] and my
players know exactly what I'm talking about.''

---

Florida State defensive coordinator Mickey Andrews was comparing Devine to
Clemson's C.J. Spiller. Spiller is considerably bigger (four inches and 20
pounds), but the 5-foot-8, 176-pound Devine still is a big concern.

"He's not as big as Spiller, but you can be in perfect position and have the
gaps covered and he'll make a move that will destroy everything that you've done
on that play,'' said Andrews, who with 26 years put in is nearly as much of a
coaching fixture at Florida State as Bowden. "When he touches the ball, he's a
threat to go all the way. And they do a good job with him, getting the ball to
him on those screen passes or whatever.''

Spiller ran for 177 yards and caught three passes for 67 as Clemson defeated the
Seminoles 40-24, so there here is reason for Andrews to worry about what a good
running back can do to his defense, which was last in the ACC and No. 108 in the
nation against the run.

"You never know where the ball's going to go when he gets it in his hands,''
Andrews said. "It might be an inside play that ends up on the opposite side.
It's about 11 people doing their jobs on each play and then finishing the
play.''

Devine said he has no particular plan for the Seminoles.

"Just take what they give me,'' he said. "North-south, the sides, whatever I see
at the time.''

---

Stewart said on Tuesday that the weather would dictate how his team kicks off
against Florida State and outstanding freshman returner Greg Reid. The forecast
for Friday includes the chance of it being a windy day.

"The weather's going to have a big part in it,'' Stewart said Tuesday.

A day earlier, Stewart said Josh Lider would handle kickoffs, but that the
Mountaineers had no plans to squib kick as they did most of the time in the
season finale against Rutgers on another windy (and snowy) day. The only time
WVU kicked the ball deep, Rutgers' Joe Lefeged ran it back 91 yards for a
touchdown.

"We always win the toss and take [the ball]. But sometimes, if the weather is a
little rough like it was at Rutgers, that's why I squibbed up there,'' Stewart
said. "If the weather is conducive to kicking the ball deep, we'll do that. But
if it's a windy, bad day then we'll probably have to go back to field position -
take the wind as early as we can, get it in our favor and try to play field
position. But I'll have wait until Friday to answer that.''

Briefly

-How Bowden-crazy is Jacksonville and the Gator Bowl? Well, the bowl is
sponsoring a Bowden Walk at 10:30 a.m. the game of the day and inviting fans to
watch him and his team walk from its nearby hotel to the stadium. The bowl says
it will even set up risers for the media to cover it.

The bowl committee has also invited former FSU players to the game and arranged
for them to sit together in an end-zone section. The Florida Times-Union, the
local newspaper, will publish a special section Friday, not on the game but on
Bowden.

Presumably West Virginia will also be allowed into the stadium.

-Conventional wisdom has it that in games where a great deal of passion or
emotion is involved, that usually isn't a factor after the first few plays or
series and both teams settle down to playing football.

Stewart doesn't expect that to happen this time in the Bowden Bowl.

"This game, I swear it's going to be different because it's Coach Bowden and
because it's going to be 70,000 Florida State fans and millions at home,'' he
said. "I probably have family at home that will be cheering for him, I don't
know. Probably half of you are going to be cheering for him.''

-West Virginia will certainly use all of its allotment of tickets, including
those given to the players for family or friends. Those who won't need their
tickets are being pestered for the extras by those who do, particularly the
Florida players on the roster.

That includes Devine.

"I'm trying to get as many as I can but it's rough, especially with most of the
players from Florida,'' Devine said. "Hopefully, 20-plus [family and friends can
come] if I can get the tickets. I'm just excited for my brothers and my grandma
to come and watch my first game.''

Devine said his grandmother has never seen him play in person in college.

"Most of them are good about it,'' Devine said. "They come up with the tickets
if they can.''

Have any of them tried to stick him with a charge for the hard-to-get tickets?

"No,'' he said. "What, are you all trying to get me on [an NCAA] violation or
something?''

Reach Dave Hickman at 304-348-1734 or dphickman1@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                              79 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                            March 25, 2010 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Facebook hero's following fading; Locals say it's time the exploits of Colton
Harris-Moore came to an end

BYLINE: Cassidy Olivier, The Province

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 540  words


He's known around the Pacific Northwest as the Barefoot Burglar, a Jesse James
of the Internet era who's managed to avoid capture during a one-man crime spree
that's drawn a Facebook following in the tens of thousands.

Ever since escaping from a minimum security facility in Renton, Wash., in April
29, 2008, 18-year-old Colton Harris-Moore has been antagonizing authorities on
both sides of the border with his uncanny ability to commit crimes, then vanish
into the woods he now calls home.

He's believed to be responsible for a string of robberies of everything from
planes, boats and cars throughout Washington's Island and San Juan counties, as
well a rash of robberies that have stretched as far as B.C.

Now, the six-foot-five-inch teenager from Camano Island, Wash., with the goofy
grin and night-vision goggles, finds himself the focus of a multi-page spread in
the current issue of Maxim magazine.

But as his international legend and popularity grows, locals tell The Province
it's high time his exploits, that began when he was 12 years old, are brought to
an end.

Despite the praise lavished on him in the comments section of the Facebook page
dedicated to him (22,821 members) and his official fan club, they say he's no
more than a glorified thief.

"I just don't have time anymore to talk about this stupid kid," said Josh
Flickner, the manager of Camano Island's Elger Bay Cafe, the location of one of
Harris-Moore's exploits in July 2008.

"Everyone wants him caught and they are tired of him, but they are more tired of
hearing about him and the whole media frenzy."

Last week, authorities on Orcas Island, located in San Juan County, northeast of
Victoria, thought they'd caught their man following a massive air and ground
manhunt, involving members of the FBI, on the island's rugged westside.

The search, believed to be related to the Feb. 11 discovery on Orcas Island of
an abandoned stolen plane, was later scaled back to an "ongoing investigation"
when they came up empty-handed.

There was an unconfirmed eyewitness spotting of Harris-Moore on the island
Wednesday.

RCMP, meanwhile, have been notified of the possibility he may try to slip into
Canada, said Sgt. Duncan Pound of the border integrity program.

"For the most part, I would say it is a heightened awareness," Pound said
Wednesday. "Obviously, if we have assets that are available and not tied up
doing something, then we can deploy them along the border."

Harris-Moore was named as a person of interest in a break-in last September at
an unmanned Creston airport where two planes were moved and a vehicle was stolen
then later ditched near the U.S. border. To date, it's the only Canadian
investigation the teen has been linked to, said Pound.

In addition to playing host to a series of thefts and break-ins dating back to
2008, Orcas Island is the location Harris-Moore is believed to have first acted
on his lifelong obsession with flying when, in November 2008, the self-taught
pilot, whose mother described as a genius, stole a single-engine Cessna.

He crashed landed the plane in the middle of the Yakama Indian Reservation,
miraculously escaping without any injuries. He's believed to have stolen and
crash-landed three more planes since then.

colivier@theprovince.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Province Illustration; Colton Harris-Moore on the lam (clockwise
from top left): His Facebook fans, one of the planes he allegedly stole and
crash-landed, a police booking photo, and the inside spread in Maxim magazine.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2010 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. John's Telegram (Newfoundland)

                             May 26, 2005 Thursday

Some cleaning done since pollutant report: Osborne

BYLINE: Bradbury Bennett, Tara

SECTION: METRO/PROVINCIAL NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 371  words


Environment Minister Tom Osborne says he is not surprised a number of local
institutions were named as some of the continent's top pollutants in a report by
the North American Commission for Environment Co-operation released Tuesday.

However, he says, a lot has changed since the report's data was collected
between 1995-2002.

The Grand Falls-Windsor Exploits Regional Services Board solid- waste disposal
site in Grand Falls-Windsor, the Harbour Grace- Conception Bay North Incinerator
Association site in Harbour Grace and the waste-disposal site at Jean de Baie
near Marystown were on the list, as well as the incinerators in the towns of
Port aux Basques, Clarenville, Deer Lake, Holyrood, Stephenville and Wabush.

"Since that report, two of the incinerators in the Exploits region are no longer
functioning, and the incinerator in the Harbour Grace region has been
decommissioned," Osborne explained. "As far as the other incinerators are
concerned, they're scheduled to close, some of them by the end of 2005, the
remainder by the end of 2008."

In addition, Osborne said, government has put forth a number of initiatives to
combat air pollution. Changes have been made to the Air Pollution Control
Regulations, a new paper-recycling program began in areas of the province
earlier this year, and a number of new programs designed to either reduce the
amount of waste going into a landfill or the amount going into an incinerator
will be announced in the coming months.

"For the areas that are still using incinerators, whenever you reduce the amount
of fibre going into an incineration process, you reduce the amount of
(pollutants) that are created," Osborne said.

Osborne said he knew the Harbour Grace incinerator was probably one of the worst
in all of North America, and that the two in the Exploits region weren't far
behind in terms of air pollution, but credits those communities for having the
foresight to close the incinerators before they were scheduled to shut down, or
before they were closed by government. According to the report, Ontario is North
America's sixth-largest source of pollution, after Arizona, Texas, Indiana, Ohio
and Pennsylvania. Quebec was also named as a major contributor.

tbb@thetelegram.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

New York: Howells And Vaisey Sentenced For Child Exploitation

LENGTH: 882  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



  Stephen M. Howells, II, 40 of Hermon, New York, was sentenced today to serve
580 years in prison in connection with his sexual exploitation of six children,
including two St. Lawrence County girls he abducted with his girlfriend, Nicole
F. Vaisey, 26, also of Hermon, from a roadside vegetable stand on August 13,
2014, announced United States Attorney Richard S. Hartunian, Special Agent in
Charge Andrew W. Vale of the FBI's Albany Division, and St. Lawrence County
Sheriff Kevin Wells. Vaisey was also sentenced today to serve 300 years in
prison for her role in the offenses, including her participation in the sexual
exploitation of four of the children. The Court also ordered the forfeiture of
property used by the defendants in the commission of these crimes, consisting of
two cars, a computer and five hard drives, a camera, and two iPhones.


 On May 8th, Howells pled guilty to all twenty-one federal charges: conspiracy
to sexually exploit minors, fifteen counts of sexual exploitation of children,
involving six victims, and five counts of possession of child pornography. On
May 14th, Vaisey also pled guilty to conspiracy to sexually exploit minors, as
well as nine counts of sexual exploitation of children, involving four victims.
 From September of 2013 through August 15, 2014, Howells and Vaisey conspired to
sexually exploit children for the purpose of producing videos and pictures of
such conduct. Howells used his position as a registered nurse to obtain drugs to
administer to the six children to sedate them. On at least sixteen dates
specified in the indictment, Howells sexually abused six young girls, ages 5 -
11, sometimes with Vaisey also doing so, as Howells or Vaisey filmed that abuse.
Howells and Vaisey made arrangements with close friends and family to spend time
with four of the children, and then betrayed their trust. Howells and Vaisey
also developed, planned, and carried out a scheme to abduct children to sexually
abuse them. On August 13, 2014, they kidnapped two Amish children from their
family's roadside farm stand by pretending to be customers. Howells forced the
children into the car and Vaisey drove off. The two children were restrained as
captives in Howells' and Vaisey's home until they were released in a remote
location the next night. An ongoing manhunt and investigation resulted in the
arrests of Howells and Vaisey and searches that helped uncover the other child
sexual abuse by them.
 United States Attorney Richard S. Hartunian said: "The sentences imposed today
are a reflection of the monstrous crimes committed by Stephen M. Howells, II and
Nicole F. Vaisey against the most vulnerable among us - our children. Howells
and Vaisey will never be able to abduct, drug, and sexually abuse children
again. Our hearts go out to the six children victimized by
 Howells and Vaisey, and to all children who are subject to sexual exploitation.
It is our hope that these severe sentences will deter others from engaging in
such depraved conduct. Our commitment to promoting prevention, protecting
children, and combatting child sexual abuse is complete and unwavering."
 "Today's sentencing is a culmination of an investigation into the unspeakable
crimes committed against innocent victims within St. Lawrence County. The St.
Lawrence County Sheriff's Office has worked towards this conclusion in a
cooperative investigative effort with our Federal, State and Local partners.
This collaborative effort to bring these two to justice and stand responsible
for their actions shows how well law enforcement can work together for the
victims and citizens that we serve. The Sheriff's Office appreciates the public
support that has been demonstrated for the victims and the law enforcement
agencies that were involved," said St. Lawrence County Sheriff Kevin Wells.
 "The unspeakable acts against innocent children committed by Stephen Howells
and Nicole Vaisey represent some of the most heinous and evil crimes ever
committed in Troop B. It was through the collective efforts of all law
enforcement agencies working tirelessly that these two depraved individuals will
be brought to justice and will never pose a threat to our children and our
communities again," said New York State Police Major Charles Guess, Troop B
Commander.
 "Stephen Howells and Nicole Vaisey represent the horrifying reality of the
danger our families and children face; they are predators that plotted and
schemed to harm those that are most precious to us," said Special Agent in
Charge Andrew W. Vale. "It is our sworn duty to protect our community's
children, and the unfathomable suffering of Howells and Vaisey's victims and
their family is our daily reminder of that duty. Today's sentencings are the
culmination of tremendous efforts made by the FBI, the United States Attorney's
Office, the St. Lawrence County Sheriff's Office, and the New York State
Police."
 This case was investigated by FBI, the St. Lawrence County Sheriff's Office and
the New York State Police, and was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Lisa
M. Fletcher, Tamara Thomson, and Steven D. Clymer.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Stephen Howells and Nicole Vaisey Sentenced for Child Exploitation

LENGTH: 885  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 Stephen M. Howells, II, 40 of Hermon, New York, was sentenced today to serve
580 years in prison in connection with his sexual exploitation of six children,
including two St. Lawrence County girls he abducted with his girlfriend, Nicole
F. Vaisey, 26, also of Hermon, from a roadside vegetable stand on August 13,
2014, announced United States Attorney Richard S. Hartunian, Special Agent in
Charge Andrew W. Vale of the FBI's Albany Division, and St. Lawrence County
Sheriff Kevin Wells. Vaisey was also sentenced today to serve 300 years in
prison for her role in the offenses, including her participation in the sexual
exploitation of four of the children. The Court also ordered the forfeiture of
property used by the defendants in the commission of these crimes, consisting of
two cars, a computer and five hard drives, a camera, and two iPhones.





 On May 8th, Howells pled guilty to all twenty-one federal charges: conspiracy
to sexually exploit minors, fifteen counts of sexual exploitation of children,
involving six victims, and five counts of possession of child pornography. On
May 14th, Vaisey also pled guilty to conspiracy to sexually exploit minors, as
well as nine counts of sexual exploitation of children, involving four victims.



 From September of 2013 through August 15, 2014, Howells and Vaisey conspired to
sexually exploit children for the purpose of producing videos and pictures of
such conduct. Howells used his position as a registered nurse to obtain drugs to
administer to the six children to sedate them. On at least sixteen dates
specified in the indictment, Howells sexually abused six young girls, ages 5 -
11, sometimes with Vaisey also doing so, as Howells or Vaisey filmed that abuse.
Howells and Vaisey made arrangements with close friends and family to spend time
with four of the children, and then betrayed their trust. Howells and Vaisey
also developed, planned, and carried out a scheme to abduct children to sexually
abuse them. On August 13, 2014, they kidnapped two Amish children from their
family's roadside farm stand by pretending to be customers. Howells forced the
children into the car and Vaisey drove off. The two children were restrained as
captives in Howells' and Vaisey's home until they were released in a remote
location the next night. An ongoing manhunt and investigation resulted in the
arrests of Howells and Vaisey and searches that helped uncover the other child
sexual abuse by them.



 United States Attorney Richard S. Hartunian said: "The sentences imposed today
are a reflection of the monstrous crimes committed by Stephen M. Howells, II and
Nicole F. Vaisey against the most vulnerable among us - our children. Howells
and Vaisey will never be able to abduct, drug, and sexually abuse children
again. Our hearts go out to the six children victimized by Howells and Vaisey,
and to all children who are subject to sexual exploitation. It is our hope that
these severe sentences will deter others from engaging in such depraved conduct.
Our commitment to promoting prevention, protecting children, and combatting
child sexual abuse is complete and unwavering."



 "Today's sentencing is a culmination of an investigation into the unspeakable
crimes committed against innocent victims within St. Lawrence County. The St.
Lawrence County Sheriff's Office has worked towards this conclusion in a
cooperative investigative effort with our Federal, State and Local partners.
This collaborative effort to bring these two to justice and stand responsible
for their actions shows how well law enforcement can work together for the
victims and citizens that we serve. The Sheriff's Office appreciates the public
support that has been demonstrated for the victims and the law enforcement
agencies that were involved," said St. Lawrence County Sheriff Kevin Wells.



 "The unspeakable acts against innocent children committed by Stephen Howells
and Nicole Vaisey represent some of the most heinous and evil crimes ever
committed in Troop B. It was through the collective efforts of all law
enforcement agencies working tirelessly that these two depraved individuals will
be brought to justice and will never pose a threat to our children and our
communities again," said New York State Police Major Charles Guess, Troop B
Commander.



 "Stephen Howells and Nicole Vaisey represent the horrifying reality of the
danger our families and children face; they are predators that plotted and
schemed to harm those that are most precious to us," said Special Agent in
Charge Andrew W. Vale. "It is our sworn duty to protect our community's
children, and the unfathomable suffering of Howells and Vaisey's victims and
their family is our daily reminder of that duty. Today's sentencings are the
culmination of tremendous efforts made by the FBI, the United States Attorney's
Office, the St. Lawrence County Sheriff's Office, and the New York State
Police."



 This case was investigated by FBI, the St. Lawrence County Sheriff's Office and
the New York State Police, and was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Lisa
M. Fletcher, Tamara Thomson, and Steven D. Clymer.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 March 18, 1999, Thursday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

Derby favorite Exploit retired to stud

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; SPORTS DIGEST; FANFARE; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 693 words



Exploit, the early favorite for the Kentucky Derby, will not race again because
of a bone chip in his left knee.

"If he had surgery, it would be eight or nine months before he could come back,
and after knee surgery they don't come back as good," trainer Bob Baffert said
Wednesday. "He's worth more money at breeding."

The injury occurred Saturday when Exploit finished second to stablemate Prime
Timber in the San Felipe at Santa Anita for his first loss in six starts.

Baffert, who won the 1997 Kentucky Derby with Silver Charm and last year's with
Real Quiet, said that after the colt walked Tuesday morning, a filling was
discovered in the knee and that X-rays disclosed the injury.

MORE HORSES: Victory Gallop arrived in the United Arab Emirates to begin
training for the $ 5-million Dubai World Cup on March 28. Expected to arrive
from California on Friday are Silver Charm and Malek. Silver Charm, trained by
Baffert, won the '98 World Cup and the '97 Kentucky Derby and Preakness. Patrick
Valenzuela, who rode Sunday Silence to victories in the Kentucky Derby and
Preakness, was scheduled for arraignment on a robbery charge in El Monte, Calif.
He is accused of robbing a cab driver of $ 150 at gunpoint on Feb. 25. Tampa Bay
Downs hosts the $ 150,000 Tampa Bay Derby, the $ 100,000 Grade III Florida Oaks
and the $ 50,000 Hillsborough Stakes on Sunday. First post time is 1 p.m.

TENNIS: It was hard to know how much bang-bang was left in Boom Boom's game, and
it probably didn't matter to the dozens of fans who watched Boris Becker's
one-hour practice in Key Biscayne. They were there because it was possibly the
last time they would see him hit a ball. The Lipton Championships, which begin
today, will be Becker's final U.S. tournament. He will try to play Wimbledon,
"if I can get four or five tournaments and stay healthy," he said. "Then I will
retire completely in August." Becker's scheduled first-round opponent is
Gianluca Pozzi. In 1994, Pozzi contracted appendicitis at the Lipton and gave
Becker a walkover. Carlos Moya, who took over the top ranking from Pete Sampras
last week, is the men's No. 1 seed. Martina Hingis is the women's top seed.

IDITAROD: Doug Swingley won the trail sled dog race for the second time in much
the same way that he won his first: with an insurmountable lead over Martin
Buser, who finished more than seven hours later. Swingley, from Lincoln, Mont.,
reached the finish line of Alaska's 1,100-mile race at 5:31 a.m. EST. He won in
an unofficial time of 9 days, 14 hours and 31 minutes. The victory earned him $
54,000 and a pickup truck along with $ 9,000 in bonus money he won on the trail.

COLLEGES: A judge reduced bail from $ 40,000 to $ 5,000 for the father of
Heisman Trophy winner Ricky Williams. Errick Lynne Williams Sr. was accused of
embezzling more than $ 20,000 from a Houston nursing home. Saint Leo's softball
team (16-8, 5-1 SSC) swept visiting Rollins 4-0 and 5-1. Sophomore pitcher
Desiree Croteau allowed 11 hits and struck out eight over 14 innings for both
victories. Host South Florida swept Princeton 1-0 and 9-5 in softball. Andi
Michaels' sacrifice fly scored the only run in the first game. The Saint Leo
men's tennis team defeated Carthage (Mich.) College 6-3. Felipe Esteves, Jason
Barcomb, Travis Thompson and Jon Wiley all won singles matches for the Monarchs.
The Florida women's tennis team beat visiting Kentucky 9-0.

SKIING: Former Olympic freestyle skier Jim Moran was transferred to Craig
Hospital in Englewood, Colo., for rehabilitation from a severe head injury he
suffered during the U.S. Freesking Open on Feb. 20 in Vail. Moran, 26, has shown
some improvement in recent days, hospital officials said.

COLLEGES: The USF tennis teams defeated visiting Louisville. The men extended
their winning streak to nine matches with a 6-1 win. The women, led by Kathrine
Tessier at No. 1 singles, won 7-2.

 CYCLING: Michele Bartoli won the Tirreno-Adriatico race in San Benedetto del
Tronto, Italy, in his final tuneup for defense of his World Cup title. The World
Cup season begins Saturday with a race in Italy.

- Compiled from Times wires.


LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press; Iditarod champion Doug
Swingley gets a lick from his lead dog, Elmer, as he holds his other leads dogs,
Cola and Stormy.

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              84 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 1, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

BASEBALL;
Yankees Can't Start Network, Court Rules

BYLINE: By RICHARD SANDOMIR

SECTION: Section D; Page 2; Column 6; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 750 words


A state judge barred the Yankees yesterday from proceeding with a plan for a
cable television network because the team failed to give Madison Square Garden
Network a legitimate chance to retain its right to carry Yankee games beyond
this season.

The judge, Barry A. Cozier of State Supreme Court in Manhattan, granted MSG's
request for a preliminary injunction to prevent the Yankees and International
Management Group from consummating plans to form the New York Sports Network.

However, the order does not keep the Yankees from making a different deal with
I.M.G. or anyone else that would comply with MSG's contract.

In its current Yankee deal, which expires after this season, MSG owns the right
of last refusal to match any offer the team receives from a third party, like
I.M.G., to "exploit, or otherwise, exploit itself, Yankees' games commencing
with the 2001 baseball season."

The Yankees interpret exploitation broadly, to go beyond rights deals like the
one it now has with MSG, to include a network of its own that would sell
advertising and sponsorships and eventually televise Nets and Devils games.

Justice Cozier ruled that the Yankees erred by offering MSG the 5 percent stake
that Trans World International, a division of I.M.G., would own.

Under that plan, the Yankees would own the remaining 95 percent, and collect
$899 million in fees from from 2001 to 2010, including $65 million next season.
The partners also contemplate that the network will go public. If that happens,
it will go forward in a different ownership structure.

Cozier ruled that the Yankees' offer of 5 percent of the network to MSG violates
MSG's right to continue to exploit 100 percent of the television carriage of 150
games, which are now seen on MSG and Channel 5.

In his ruling, Cozier said: "The Yankees are offering 5 percent and calling it a
full loaf. You cannot convert a 100 percent interest to a 5 percent interest. It
is not an alternative that MSG can match or make a counteroffer. It would be
impossible for MSG to match the offer since the Yankees' 95 percent interest
hasn't been offered."

If the Yankees make an offer that complies with MSG's rights, Cozier said, "Then
it's up to MSG to match or reject."

After the decision, Yankee officials said Cozier had provided a path to resolve
the dispute. Lonn Trost, the Yankees' general counsel, said: "He was quite
explicit in saying the Yankees were free to exploit their rights as they saw fit
and we were free to launch our own network. The only issue the court had was
that we must offer MSG 100 percent of what we initiate, not 5 percent."

Trost and Harvey Schiller, chairman of YankeeNets, the Yankees' parent company,
insisted the injunction does not compel them to offer MSG 100 percent of what
the network has now, although they were vague about any options.

"What they had before was a rights deal," Trost said. "Our only obligation is to
offer them 100 percent of the right to exploit the Yankees' exploitation rights,
which may not be in the form they have it now."

Trost also said the Yankees have not decided to appeal the injunction.

Cozier instructed the Yankees to place a monetary value on the proposed venture
with Trans World International. The Yankees, in concert with an investment
banker, could put such an extraordinary value on the exploitation of Yankee TV
rights and the future value of a network that MSG would be unwilling to match
it.

If MSG were to match the 100 percent "exploitation value," it would own the
network outright and the Yankees would emerge with far more than the $486
million they collected under their MSG deal, which began in 1989.

In a statement, Dave Checketts, the president of Madison Square Garden, said he
was gratified that Cozier "upheld our position, ensuring that the Yankees
partnership will fulfill its contractual obligations regarding MSG Network's
right of last refusal."

Both sides said they would begin talks soon. But Schiller said, without any
elaboration, that the ruling had brought in "new opportunities from many new
interested parties" to the YankeeNets office.

The longer the dispute takes to resolve, the less time the Yankees will have to
set up the network, which must make deals to be carried by cable systems, like
Cablevision, MSG's principal owner.

"I personally believe there will be good acceptance among the cable carriers,"
Schiller said. "We don't want anyone to be in a position to prevent the public
from watching our games."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              85 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                            January 20, 1987 Tuesday

MURDERERS STAR AS TV TURNS THEIR EXPLOITS INTO DOLLARS

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: COSTELLO D

LENGTH: 494 words


Murderers star as TV turns their exploits into dollars NEW YORK._ The popularity
of films and books about real-life criminals in the United States has turned
many murderers into celebrities wooed by film producers and editors. Frances
Schreuder, Jean Harris and Jeffrey Macdonald have never met, but they have at
least three things in common: all are in US prisons for murder, one or several
books have been written about them and all have been portrayed on TV. Inside one
week in January, US viewers were treated to two ""docudramas" on recent murder
cases: CBS television's At Mother's Request was about Frances Schreuder, the
well-to-do Mormon woman from Salt Lake City found guilty in 1983 of murdering
her millionaire father with the aid of her son. NBC television's Mercy or Murder
told the story of Roswell Gilbert, a man in his 70s who in 1985 killed his wife
Emily, who suffered from Alzheimer's disease. He claimed he killed to end her
suffering, but was found guilty of murder. NBC now plans to screen its own
version of the Schreuder case which has also inspired two best-selling books.
The authors, Shana Alexander and Jonathan Coleman, have gained yet more
notoriety by publicly condemning the methods used by the other in writing the
story. The more murders a criminal has committed, the more books are likely to
be written about him: five books have already appeared about Ted Bundy who is
waiting to be executed in Florida for murdering dozens of young women. Four
books retrace the exploits of John Wayne Gacy, who strangled 33 boys in Chicago.
Since the publication in 1965 of In Cold Blood by Truman Capote, which sold more
than 5 million copies in the United States alone, several other books based on
actual crimes have become phenomenal best-sellers: The Boston Strangler sold 2.3
million copies, Helter Skelter 6.7 million, The Executioner's Song, by Norman
Mailer, 1 million and more recently Fatal Vision 3 million. Several States have
enacted laws to prevent convicted criminals from benefiting financially from
their crimes. New York State was one of the first to do so 10 years ago with the
""Son of Sam" law. The Son of Sam, a sexual maniac whose real name was David
Berkowitz, provoked a nation-wide outcry when he signed contracts worth
thousands of dollars after his trial. Jean Harris, who is serving 15 years for
murder in a New York State penitentiary, is not expected to touch a cent of the
royalties from her book published last autumn. The first 100,000 copies sold out
within a few weeks. Ms Harris was a headmistress of a high-class girls' school.
She was found guilty of murdering her philandering lover, Dr Herman Tarnower,
who was famous for inventing a slimming diet. She is already the heroine of two
books. Hollywood is now fighting to secure the film rights, with Lee Remick or
Shirley MacLaine vying for the leading role. Agence France-Presse BERKOWITZ . .
. outcry on contracts HARRIS . . . denied royalties.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PIC OF HARRIS AND BERKOWITZ

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1987 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              86 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: General Services Administration Issues Solicitation for
"AIMES Exploit Software Licenses/AIMES Server v1.3 Maintenance"

LENGTH: 195  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


General Services Administration, Federal Acquisition Service (FAS) Officer has
issued requirement for "AIMES Exploit Software Licenses/AIMES Server v1.3
Maintenance."

Solicitation no. ID40130073         Posted on:  September 12, 2014

Notice Type: Special Notice

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 511

Description: The General Services Administration (GSA), Federal Acquisition
Services (FAS), National Information Technology Commodity Division (NITCP) has
received a requirement from US Air Force, Air Force Distributed Common Ground
Systems (DCGS) Warner Robins AFB, GA for AIMES Exploit Software Licenses/AIMES
Server v1.3 Maintenance.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 12, 2014 9:00 am Eastern

Contact Details:  401 West Peachtree ST NW
Ste 2700
Atlanta, Georgia 30308
United States

Point of Contact(s): Laqulla L Williams,
Senior Contracting Officer
laqulla.williams@gsa.gov
Phone: (404) 224-2354
Fax: (404) 332-3342

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=544fef6f15eab1459ced50cc263418e8&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: General Services Administration Issues Solicitation for
"AIMES Exploit Software Licenses/AIMES Server v1.3 Maintenance"

LENGTH: 196  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


General Services Administration, Federal Acquisition Service (FAS) Officer has
issued requirement for "AIMES Exploit Software Licenses/AIMES Server v1.3
Maintenance."

Solicitation no. ID40130073         Posted on:  August 15, 2014

Notice Type: Special Notice

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 511

Description: The General Services Administration (GSA), Federal Acquisition
Services (FAS), National Information Technology Commodity Division (NITCP) has
received a requirement from US Air Force, Air Force Distributed Common Ground
Systems (DCGS) Warner Robins AFB, GA for AIMES Exploit Software Licenses/AIMES
Server v1.3 Maintenance.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 12, 2014 9:00 am Eastern

Contact Details:  401 West Peachtree ST NW
Ste 2700
Atlanta, Georgia 30308
United States

Point of Contact(s): Laqulla L Williams,
Senior Contracting Officer
laqulla.williams@gsa.gov
Phone: (404) 224-2354
Fax: (404) 332-3342

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=544fef6f15eab1459ced50cc263418e8&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: General Services Administration Issues Solicitation for
"AIMES Exploit Software Licenses/AIMES Server v1.3 Maintenance"

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


General Services Administration, Federal Acquisition Service (FAS) Officer has
issued requirement for "AIMES Exploit Software Licenses/AIMES Server v1.3
Maintenance."

Solicitation no. ID40130073         Posted on:  July 10, 2014

Notice Type: Special Notice

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 511

Description: The General Services Administration (GSA), Federal Acquisition
Services (FAS), National Information Technology Commodity Division (NITCP) has
received a requirement from US Air Force, Air Force Distributed Common Ground
Systems (DCGS) Warner Robins AFB, GA for AIMES Exploit Software Licenses/AIMES
Server v1.3 Maintenance.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 12, 2014 9:00 am Eastern

Contact Details:  401 West Peachtree ST NW
Ste 2700
Atlanta, Georgia 30308
United States

Point of Contact(s): Laqulla L Williams,
Senior Contracting Officer
laqulla.williams@gsa.gov
Phone: (404) 224-2354
Fax: (404) 332-3342

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=544fef6f15eab1459ced50cc263418e8&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 26, 2013 Thursday

US Contract Notice: General Services Administration Issues Solicitation for
"AIMES Exploit Software Licenses/AIMES Server v1.3 Maintenance"

LENGTH: 196  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


General Services Administration, Federal Acquisition Service (FAS) Officer has
issued requirement for "AIMES Exploit Software Licenses/AIMES Server v1.3
Maintenance."

Solicitation no. ID40130073         Posted on:  September 26, 2013

Notice Type: Special Notice

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 511

Description: The General Services Administration (GSA), Federal Acquisition
Services (FAS), National Information Technology Commodity Division (NITCP) has
received a requirement from US Air Force, Air Force Distributed Common Ground
Systems (DCGS) Warner Robins AFB, GA for AIMES Exploit Software Licenses/AIMES
Server v1.3 Maintenance.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 12, 2013 9:00 am Eastern

Contact Details:  401 West Peachtree ST NW
Ste 2700
Atlanta, Georgia 30308
United States

Point of Contact(s): Laqulla L Williams,
Senior Contracting Officer
laqulla.williams@gsa.gov
Phone: (404) 224-2354
Fax: (404) 332-3342

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity=544fef6f15eab1459ced50cc263418e8&tab=cor
e&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs
please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  Racing Post

                            October 29, 2004, Friday

BLOODSTOCK DESK: EXPLOIT EXPLOIT, CURRENTLY FIFTH IN THE LIST OF US
SECOND-SEASON STALLIONS, WILL STAND AT CLOVERLEAF FARMS II IN FLORIDA FOR THE
2005 SEASON.

SECTION: 1ST Edition; SPORT; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 130 words


The seven-year-old son of top-class sire Storm Cat has been based at Taylor Made
Farm in Kentucky since retiring to stud in 2000. He will stand at Cloverleaf for
$ 10,000, having commanded a fee of $ 15,000 last year.

To date, the stallion has had 46 winners and four stakes winners from 90
starters. His progeny have earned $ 2,560,705.

Exploit won five of his six career starts and was unbeaten as a juvenile,
earning $ 396,254 in his two-year racing career. His stakes victories include
wins in the 1998 Grade 2 Kentucky Jockey Club Stakes at Churchill Downs and the
Grade 2 San Vicente Stakes at Santa Anita in 1999.

He was forced into early retirement before the 1999 Triple Crown after
sustaining an injury when second in the Grade 2 San Felipe Stakes.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                             Copyright 2004 MGN Ltd


                              91 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           December 31, 2015 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Resolutions we'd like to see;
IN 2016, I RESOLVE TO

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 657 words


... get out of the beauty pageant business and go back to daytime TV.

Steve Harvey

... get off of Sunday morning TV and go back to the beauty pageant business.

Donald Trump

... go to Siberia. Invite Trump. Stay there.

Russian President Vladimir Putin

... set up a private email server to keep all those nosy Republicans and
reporters out of my personal business. Wait. Tried that. Bad idea!

Hillary Clinton

... stop assuming the American people are sick and tired of hearing about
Hillary's damn emails.

Bernie Sanders

... run the damn ball.

The Seattle Seahawks, who lost the 2015 Super Bowl when they decided to pass
from the New England Patriots' one-yard line.

... inflate the damn ball.

The Patriots

... let the facts get in the way of a good war story.

Former NBC anchor Brian Williams, who exaggerated his exploits covering the Iraq
invasion.

... call my next book Killing Credibility.

Bill O'Reilly, who exaggerated his exploits covering the Falklands war.

... be thankful I was overshadowed by Williams and O'Reilly.

VA Secretary Robert McDonald, who falsely claimed he served in special
operations forces.

... not complete any sentences that start with, "I know this is a horrible thing
to say."

Former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani, who said, "I know this is a horrible thing
to say, but I do not believe that the president loves America."

... not be so dismissive about the Islamic State terrorist group.

President Obama

... not take "break a leg" so literally.

Secretary of State John Kerry

... not take Black Like Me so literally.

Rachel Dolezal, former president of the NAACP's chapter in Spokane, Wash.

... just do my job.

Kim Davis, clerk of Rowan County, Ky.

... create a new "Hastert rule": Don't pay hush money.

Former House speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Ill.

... schedule Democratic debates when people might actually watch them.

DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz

... remember that in comedy, timing is everything.

Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, who made a joke about Vice President Biden just days
after Biden's son Beau died.

... ditch the exclamation point.

Jeb! Bush

... stay hydrated.

Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla.

... stay out of brothels.

Lamar Odom

... stay off Ashley Madison.

Josh Duggar

... invest in better computer security software.

Ashley Madison

... strive to have better computer security than Ashley Madison.

The Office of Personnel Management, which lost millions of federal employees'
files to Chinese hackers.

... ferret out the bombs, not the baby bottles.

The Transportation Security Administration, which missed banned items in 67 of
70 tests.

... prevent environmental disasters instead of causing them.

The Environmental Protection Agency, which accidentally contaminated a river in
Colorado.

... use our engineering prowess to meet clean-air guidelines, not defeat them.

Volkswagen

... stifle pollution, not expression.

Chinese President Xi Jinping

... keep an eye on what's happening under the prison.

Authorities at Dannemora in upstate New York and Altiplano in Mexico, sites of
high-profile escapes through tunnels.

... keep my hands (and other body parts) to myself.

Bill Cosby

... keep my tongue off the baked goods.

Ariana Grande, videotaped licking a doughnut at a pastry shop counter.

... keep making beautiful music at 29, and 33, and 37 and ...

Adele

... avoid racist rants. And sex tapes. And making racist rants on sex tapes.

Hulk Hogan

... shoot wild animals with a camera, not a rifle.

Walter Palmer, the Minnesota dentist who killed Cecil the lion during a big-game
hunt in Africa.

... wear underpants.

Singer Lenny Kravitz, who experienced a wardrobe malfunction during a concert in
Stockholm.

... lower my profile.

Caitlyn Jenner

... experience the jailhouse diet.

Ex-Subway pitchman Jared Fogle, convicted on child porn charges

... give myself a red card.

FIFA President Sepp Blatter

... hire ugly nannies.

Ben Affleck

... get a taste of my own medicine.

Hedge fund manager turned pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli

... accept that you can't win them all.

Ronda Rousey

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Jim Cole, AP

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OPINION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 23, 1987 Monday
                                  Late Edition

EXPLOIT AUSSIE TALENTS;
NEWSBYTES

BYLINE: Edited by GARETH POWELL

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 947 words


AUSTRALIA should do more to apply its general import offsets policy to
high-technology exports. So says Mr Wayne Fitzsimmons, an expatriate Australian
businessman and vice president for the Americas and the Far East for the
Boston-based computer firm Data General.

He said the offsets policy, under which foreign companies are expected to
reinvest part of their sales to Australia in Australian-based manufacturing
operations, should be extended to high-technology exports.

"Those offsets policies could be set to work to encourage those same US-based
companies to use Australian expertise," he said, "as a vehicle for adding value
to the services that we have in Australia, and exporting them into Asia,
piggy-backing on

the access these companies already have in those markets.

"In telecommunications, Telecom Australia is a superb institution. If, somehow,
we can exploit the skills that are in that organisation and export them to
south-east Asia, we could run circles around the Japanese. "We should recognise
the talents we have as a nation on an intellectual level, and exploit those
opportunities, particularly in south-east Asian markets."

Hands-on training

DISADVANTAGED job seekers will have the chance to learn computer and electronic
skills which previously may have been denied them.

A new scheme, based on a British idea, has been launched in Australia and
involves the setting up of information technology centres, where unemployed can
have hands-on experience and training on equipment to which they otherwise might
never have had access.

The first centre was officially opened in Sydney recently, but took its first
intake of students last September. Many of these students have already found
jobs.

More than 175 technology centres operate in Britain, providing training for
5,000 job seekers annually. The three Australian centres, so far, are in Sydney,
Perth and Melbourne.

The technology centre project has received community and industry support, with
more than 30 companies contributing money, equipment, expertise and promotional
assistance in the past six months.

German crime

VOLKSWAGEN has reported an alleged currency fraud, which it thinks might have
cost it millions of dollars and involved erasing data tapes and altering entire
computer programs.

"A degree of criminal energy has been brought into play which, until now, was
unimaginable in a German company," said the VW supervisory board chairman, Mr
Karl Gustaf Ratjen.

The company has set aside 480 million marks ($260 million) as provision for
possible losses caused by the alleged swindle. The forged transactions occurred
in 1984. Whole data tapes from that year had been erased and entire computer
programs altered.

The fraud has implications for Australian business. Mr Peter Marriott, a
partner-elect at the chartered accountants company Peat Marwick, said companies
often implemented data processing and computer systems technology before they
had appropriate controls to protect funds and prevent misappropriation.

He said there was an element of managerial blind faith evident in many
Australian companies regarding computer systems, due largely to the extremely
technical nature of computer systems and the rapid rate of exchange in the area.

"To minimise losses, companies must ensure forex or general data processing
systems have strong controls commensurate with the potential risks," Mr Marriott
said.

Computer crime

ATTEMPTS to get a national agreement on new legislation to combat naughty
persons indulging in computer crime has failed, according to the Victorian
Attorney-General, Mr Kennan.

Some States believe existing laws are adequate and individual States in favour
of a tightening of the laws and the introduction of serious penalties will pass
their own laws.

Victoria and South Australia already had draft bills, Mr Kennan said. Victoria
would introduce legislation in the second half of this year to make unauthorised
use of a computer and of a database criminal offences.

Mr Kennan compared computer crime to insider trading, saying a lack of evidence
of it did not mean it should not be addressed.

Pick revealed

IF YOU have trouble deciding whether Pick is a program, an operating system, a
computer environment (an excellent portmanteau phrase that means very little but
sounds significant) or a nasal operation, rest assured you are not alone. There
are several people in the computer trade in Sydney who are happily willing to
argue that black is white on this particular subject.

The truth of the matter is available in a book called Understanding Pick by
David Ruscoe, a consultant with Ultimate, and Kate Behan, a college lecturer
from Swinburne Institute. The book shows how to use the Pick query language as
written by Dick Pick_not an assumed name_as well as explaining the structure and
terminology of the Pick system.

Jogging the memory

VERBATIM has released its new megamemory, floppy-disc drives. These have a
nominal capacity of 3.3 and 6.6 megabytes_depending on whether you use one or
both sides of the disc_which formats down to 2.7 and 5.24 megabytes. Understand
that these are not hard discs. These are floppies that you can take out and
store away. As a rough estimate, you can get either half a million or a million
words on each disc.

The floppy discs for these drives look much like ordinary floppies but they
format on 320 tracks compared with the 80 tracks of normal discs. The disc drive
cleverly senses what sort of disc you are using, so it will still work with all
your standard discs as well as these new multimemory monsters. These new disc
drives work faster than normal drives and there is a further enhancement of
speed by the use of disc caches in the memory board.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1987 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            October 14, 2012 Sunday

Many high school stars have found home in NFL

BYLINE: Mike Richard

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 2120 words


COLUMN: FOOTBALL FLASHBACK

The game of professional football really began to take shape and gain popularity
following World War II.

High school teams were in abundance, and Saturday afternoons were a time for
exciting gridiron exploits. Many of the top high school players moved on to the
college ranks, while others continued to hone their skills on the numerous
semipro teams that every community seemed to have back then.

Worcester was home to such semipro squads as the Quinsigamonds, the Eagles and
the Dartmouths, while there were also the Leominster Lions, Gardner Merchants,
Webster Colonials, Auburn Cyclones, Athol Dukes and Milford Trojans.

In addition, Millbury, Dudley, Marlboro, Southbridge, Clinton and Hudson were
among the many other towns that boasted semipro football.

Once television became prevalent in homes, semipro football met a sudden demise
since football fans didn't have to venture out to chilly autumn football fields.
Instead, they could tune in to watch the weekly exploits of the New York Giants,
who were the local favorite of many by virtue of their continual appearance on
television.

This week, we'll take our final look at local products from Central Mass. high
schools who moved on to professional football careers in the NFL.

Paul Duhart, who was a fine player at St. Peter's High in the late 1930s,
attended the University of Florida before entering World War II. With the number
of college players volunteering for the service, the Gators team was forced to
disband. So after being discharged in 1944, Duhart had no college team to return
to.

All discharged veterans were allowed to sign free agent contracts, so Duhart
joined Green Bay and helped the Packers win the 1944 NFL championship. The
following year, he entered the NFL Draft and became the first former Gator to go
in the first round when he was drafted by Pittsburgh with the second overall
pick.

Following several injuries which shortened his career, Duhart played for both
the Boston Yanks and Pittsburgh in 1945 before his career ended after 13 games.
He later coached at Mary E. Wells High in Southbridge.

Worcester Classical athlete Vinnie Yablonski and Southbridge's Bill Swiacki
(Wells High) each attended Columbia University in the mid-1940s and played for
Leominster's Lou Little. In the 1947 game where Columbia ended Army's 32-game
unbeaten streak, 21-20, Swiacki scored a touchdown and Yablonski booted the
extra point for the margin of victory.

Yablonski joined the Chicago Cardinals in 1948 and played a total of 40 games at
fullback in a four-season career, while Swiacki spent five seasons in the NFL
with the Giants and later the Detroit Lions. A left end, Swiacki caught 10
touchdown passes in 1948 and wound up with 18 for his career.

Another Worcester-born player, Clayton Lane, who played college ball at the
University of New Hampshire, had a one-game career as a tackle with the New York
Giants in 1948.

Gene Filipski attended Bartlett High in Webster for two years, playing football
and baseball, but at age 15 moved to Sacramento, Calif., to live with his
brother, who was in the Air Force. Filipski was all-state in California and
received an appointment to West Point, where he played under the legendary Red
Blaik. The halfback spent two years for the New York Giants in 1956-57, winning
the NFL championship with them that first season.

Gardner's Frank Morze was a standout lineman who helped the 1950 Wildcats to the
Class B state title, kicking the extra point in a 7-6 victory over Leominster to
clinch a 9-0 season. He followed his high school coach, Walt Dubzinski, to
Boston College before spending eight seasons and 84 games in the NFL with San
Francisco and Cleveland as a center/tackle.

Several other Central Mass. high school standouts also saw some NFL time through
the 1960s. Hudson's Pete Manning, who was a sensational high school running back
and went to Wake Forest, spent two seasons as a defensive back with the Chicago
Bears (1960-61). Harry Crump, who graduated from Westboro High in 1959, played
fullback at Boston College and later played two games in 1963 with the Boston
Patriots.

Pete Perreault, a 1957 graduate of Shrewsbury High, attended Boston University
and went on to a nine-year pro career with the AFL's New York Jets from 1963
through '67, the AFL's Cincinnati Bengals in 1968, then returned to the Jets
from 1969-70 before finishing up his career with the Minnesota Vikings in 1971.
He played a total of 87 games at guard and linebacker.

The first three-generation family in the NFL was the Pyne family of Milford, but
later they were joined by the Clay Matthews family (Clay Sr., Clay Jr. and Clay
III). George Pyne Sr. played a season for Providence in 1931, while his son
George Pyne Jr. was a defensive tackle with the Boston Patriots in 1965 for 14
games.

Jim Pyne had the longest NFL career, spending seven seasons in the NFL with
Tampa Bay (1995-97), Detroit (1998), Cleveland (1999-2000) and Philadelphia
(2001). Pyne attended Milford High and later Choate Rosemary Hall before moving
on to Virginia Tech, where his No. 73 jersey was retired. An offensive lineman,
he played in 81 NFL games.

St. Bernard's graduate Milt Morin, who later was a standout at the University of
Massachusetts, had one of the most storied careers of any local player. An
exceptional tight end, he was a first-round draft pick of the Cleveland Browns
in 1966 and spent 10 seasons with them. In 129 career games, he caught 16 career
touchdown passes with his best season coming in 1968 when he had five touchdowns
and more than 700 yards receiving.

One of Morin's teammate at UMass was Phil Vandersea, a 1961 graduate of
Northbridge High who played in the Rams' backfield and scored in each of the
four varsity seasons he played. He finished with 148 career points and 16
2-point conversions, a Northbridge record.

He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in 1965 as a defensive end and played
for the NFL champions that season. After a year in New Orleans in 1967, he
returned to the Packers in 1968-69, playing a total of 46 games in his career.

John Fitzgerald was a 300-pound fullback at Southbridge High and later played as
a two-way tackle at Boston College. He was a fourth-round draft pick of the
Dallas Cowboys in 1970 and spent his entire 10-year career with them. A durable
center and tackle, he played in 138 NFL games, including four Super Bowls.

Brian Herosian and Bill Cooke both attended Worcester Academy and later the
University of Connecticut before pro careers beckoned. Herosian played one
season with the Baltimore Colts at safety in 1973 before playing in the Canadian
Football League with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. Cooke, a defensive specialist,
saw time over six seasons with four teams - Green Bay (1975), San Francisco
(1976-77), Detroit (1978) and Seattle (1978-80).

Unquestionably, the most successful football player from Central Mass. has to be
Milford's Howie Long, whose 13-year career with the Oakland/Los Angeles Raiders
included a Super Bowl win in 1984 and landed him in the Pro Football Hall of
Fame.

While at Milford High, Long played for Dick Corbin's 1975 Super Bowl champions
that beat Pittsfield, 42-14. He later attended Villanova. He was a second-round
pick of the Raiders and played 179 games at defensive end and defensive tackle,
and continues his TV career to this day.

Prior to Long, Milford had two members of its 1974 team go on to play in the
United States Football League. Pat Cornelius was a tackle with the USFL's Los
Angeles Express in 1983.

Teammate Joe Restic Jr., who later played for the Notre Dame's national
champions of 1977, was with the Boston Breakers in 1983, then moved with the
Breakers to their next two destinations - New Orleans in 1984 and Portland in
1985.

The now-defunct Wachusett League probably sent more players to the NFL in the
1970s and early '80s than any other Central Mass. league, with some players
having more success than others.

No question, the Morris family of Ayer provided Central Mass. with one of the
most prolific backfields in history when the late Owen Kilcoyne coached the
Panthers.

Older brother Joe Morris was a dynamic running back at Ayer before taking his
talents to Syracuse and later the New York Giants for eight seasons, including a
Super Bowl in 1987. While many felt the 5-foot-7 running back was too small for
the NFL, he proved skeptics wrong, scoring 50 career touchdowns and three times
rushing for more than 1,000 yards.

His brothers, Larry Morris and Jamie Morris, both of whom helped Ayer to a 50-0
Super Bowl win over Monty Tech in 1980, attended Syracuse and Michigan,
respectively. While Larry played only two games for Green Bay in 1987, Jamie
spent three seasons in the NFL with Washington (1988-89) and also played three
games with New England in 1990.

Ironically, the fourth brother, Mike Morris, whom many felt was the best
all-around athlete of the brothers, never played in the pros, but worked for
many years as a strength and conditioning coach with the New England Patriots.

Oakmont Regional's Shawn Halloran, who succeeded Doug Flutie at Boston College,
played three games as a replacement player for the St. Louis Cardinals during
the strike season of 1987.

In addition, two Lunenburg products, Brian Saranovitz and Bob White, both of
whom played for Walt Dubzinski Jr.'s Super Bowl champions that edged
Southbridge, 15-14, in 1979, also caught on with NFL teams. Saranovitz was on
the 1987 New England Patriots roster but never got into a game, while White
spent three seasons as an offensive lineman with Dallas from 1987-89.

Kenny Gamble, who played a season at Cushing Academy in 1985, moved on to
Colgate and spent three seasons as a running back with the Kansas City Chiefs
(1988-90).

The 1990s had two local products who led their respective high schools to Super
Bowl championships before eventually moving to the NFL.

St. Peter-Marian's Jerry Azumah helped another football dynasty led by Kilcoyne
to the 1994 Super Bowl championship with three touchdowns in a 42-15 win over
Oakmont. After an outstanding career as a running back at the University of New
Hampshire, he was a defensive back with the Chicago Bears for seven NFL seasons,
from 1999-2005.

Gardner's lone Super Bowl championship came in 1997, and co-captain Jacques
Cesaire was one of the more important cogs in the Wildcats' 12-6 win over
Wahconah Regional. Cesaire later starred at Southern Connecticut State. He was
not drafted, but signed with the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent
and played on the defensive line for nine seasons before his release just prior
to the 2012 season.

Currently, three local high school products are connected with NFL teams.
Burncoat's Ron Brace, who played at Boston College, has been a defensive tackle
with the New England Patriots since 2009.

Meanwhile, Ryan Durant, a St. Bernard's graduate via Syracuse University, has
been on the roster of the Tennessee Titans the past three seasons and is now on
the season-ending injured reserve list, while Holy Name's Emil Igwenagu made the
Philadelphia Eagles' eight-man practice squad.

Mike Richard can be contacted by email at rich0725@aol.com

CMass in NFL Championships, Super Bowls

Year Player Team Result Championship

1933 Ollie Satenstein NY Giants Lost to Chicago, 23-21 NFL Championship

1940 Ray McLean Chicago Beat Washington, 73-0 NFL Championship

1941 Ray McLean Chicago Beat NY Giants, 37-9 NFL Championship

1942 Ray McLean Chicago Lost to Washington, 14-6 NFL Championship

1943 Ray McLean Chicago Beat Washington, 41-21 NFL Championship

1944 Paul Duhart Green Bay Beat NY Giants, 14-7 NFL Championship

1946 Ray McLean Chicago Beat NY Giants, 24-14 NFL Championship

1952 Bill Swiacki Detroit Beat Cleveland, 17-7 NFL Championship

1956 Gene Filipski NY Giants Beat Chicago, 47-7 NFL Championship

1963 Harry Crump Boston Lost to San Diego, 51-10 AFL Championship

1965 Phil Vandersea Green Bay Beat Cleveland, 23-12 NFL Championship

1976 John Fitzgerald Dallas Lost to Pittsburgh, 21-17 Super Bowl X

1978 John Fitzgerald Dallas Beat Denver, 27-10 Super Bowl XII

1979 John Fitzgerald Dallas Lost to Pittsburgh, 35-31 Super Bowl XIII

1984 Howie Long LA Raiders Beat Washington, 38-9 Super Bowl XVIII

1987 Joe Morris NY Giants Beat Denver, 39-20 Super Bowl XXI

2012 Ron Brace NE Patriots Lost to NY Giants, 21-17 Super Bowl XLVI

ART: PHOTOS

CUTLINE: (1) Former Ayer High star Joe Morris played eight seasons for the New
York Giants, winning a Super Bowl in 1987. (2) Milford High's Howie Long played
13 seasons with the Raiders, winning a Super Bowl in 1984, before being inducted
into the Hall of Fame. (3) Jim Pyne, another Milford High product, played seven
seasons in the NFL for Tampa Bay, Detroit, Cleveland and Philadelphia.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The game of professional football really began to take shape and gain
popularity following World War II. High school teams were in abundance, and
Saturday afternoons were a time for exciting gridiron exploits. Many of the top
high school players moved on to the college ranks, while others continued to
hone their skills on the numerous semipro teams that every community seemed to
have back then. Worcester was home to such semipro squads as the Quinsigamonds,
the Eagles and the Dartmouths, while there were also the Leominster Lions,
Gardner Merchants, Webster Colonials, Auburn Cyclones, Athol Dukes and Milford
Trojans.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 12, 2013 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of Yahoo! Inc titled as "Finding Engaging
Media with Initialized Explore-Exploit"

LENGTH: 235  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130259379, published on October 03, 2013, by Yahoo! Inc, titled as "Finding
Engaging Media with Initialized Explore-Exploit" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Slaney; Malcolm; (Palo Alto, CA) ; Chen; Bee-Chung; (Mountain View,
CA) ; Agarwal; Deepak K.; (Sunnyvale, CA)
Assignee: Yahoo! Inc.
Sunnyvale
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Software for initialized explore-exploit creates a plurality of probability
distributions. Each of these probability distributions is generated by inputting
a quantitative description of one or more features associated with an image into
a regression model that outputs a probability distribution for a measure of
engagingness for the image. Each of the images is conceptually related to the
other images. The software uses the plurality of probability distributions to
initialize a multi-armed bandit model that outputs a serving scheme for each of
the images. Then the software serves a plurality of the images on a web page
displaying search results, based at least in part on the serving scheme."

The Patent was filed on March 29, 2012 under application No. 20130259379

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

US Patent granted to Yahoo! Inc. (California) on December 30 titled as "Finding
engaging media with initialized explore-exploit"

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,923,621, on
December 30, 2014, to Yahoo! Inc. (California), titled as "Finding engaging
media with initialized explore-exploit"

Inventors:  Slaney; Malcolm (Palo Alto, CA), Chen; Bee-Chung (Mountain View,
CA), Agarwal; Deepak K. (Sunnyvale, CA)
Assignee:  Yahoo! Inc. (Sunnyvale, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Software for initialized explore-exploit creates a plurality of probability
distributions. Each of these probability distributions is generated by inputting
a quantitative description of one or more features associated with an image into
a regression model that outputs a probability distribution for a measure of
engagingness for the image. Each of the images is conceptually related to the
other images. The software uses the plurality of probability distributions to
initialize a multi-armed bandit model that outputs a serving scheme for each of
the images. Then the software serves a plurality of the images on a web page
displaying search results, based at least in part on the serving scheme."

The patent was filed on March 29, 2012 Application no. 13/434,738

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             March 25, 2014 Tuesday

Letters: Exploiting graphene

BYLINE: Philip Atkinson

SECTION: GUARDIAN LEADER PAGES; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 168 words


The chancellor has stated that we are to exploit the invention of graphene in
this country. In this regard it may be worth contrasting the numbers of patents
held by Manchester University, where it was discovered (0), and Samsung (a lot).

While I agree that graphene probably is the best thing since sliced bread, it is
hard to see how it can be commercially exploited in the absence of something to
exploit. It is also my understanding that Sir Andre Geim, one of two emigre
Russian scientists at Manchester who made the discovery, is not patent friendly,
taking a similar line to the Manchester Manifesto published by John Sulston
through the university, which is probably the simple most meretricious document
relating to patents ever issued.

Before making further investments in graphene, the chancellor might well be
advised to review the due diligence carried out by Manchester to ensure that
graphene is actually its to exploit.

Philip Atkinson

Solicitor and former head of intellectual property at Eversheds

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                             March 25, 2014 Tuesday

Letter: Exploiting graphene

SECTION: GUARDIAN LEADER PAGES; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 168 words


The chancellor has stated that we are to exploit the invention of graphene in
this country. In this regard it may be worth contrasting the numbers of patents
held by Manchester University, where it was discovered (0), and Samsung (a lot).

While I agree that graphene probably is the best thing since sliced bread, it is
hard to see how it can be commercially exploited in the absence of something to
exploit. It is also my understanding that Sir Andre Geim, one of two emigre
Russian scientists at Manchester who made the discovery, is not patent friendly,
taking a similar line to the Manchester Manifesto published by John Sulston
through the university, which is probably the simple most meretricious document
relating to patents ever issued.

Before making further investments in graphene, the chancellor might well be
advised to review the due diligence carried out by Manchester to ensure that
graphene is actually its to exploit.

Philip Atkinson

Solicitor and former head of intellectual property at Eversheds

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             March 16, 2010 Tuesday

Questions with Bob: Talking with Gophers women's hockey coach Brad Frost

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: DAILY DOSE; Bob Sansvere

LENGTH: 639 words


The University of Minnesota and Minnesota-Duluth women's hockey teams have met
five times this season, with the Bulldogs winning three of the games. The
biggest win came this month in the WCHA tournament championship game, when the
Bulldogs beat the Gophers 3-2. The sixth game between these hockey powers will
be played Friday night in the national semifinals on the Gophers' home ice at
Ridder Arena. I talked to Gophers coach Brad Frost about being just two wins
from a national title.

BS: Is it a good thing or a bad thing to be facing a team a sixth time?

BF: I guess it's however you want to look at it. We know them very well. They
know us very well. The opportunity is there. Whichever team executes and plays
the best and gets the best goaltending is going to win.

BS: So, how do you look at it -- as a good thing?

BF: It's also a huge rivalry. I think it's great for the women's hockey game.

BS: Did you detect any weaknesses in Minnesota-Duluth in the first five meetings
that you can exploit Friday night?

BF: There obviously are some things we're going to try to exploit. Overall,
they're a very solid team. Every team has weaknesses. The hard part is trying to
exploit those weaknesses. It's easy to do when you're looking at video. It comes
down to execution on the ice.

BS: What kind of speech do you make to your team before a game against an
opponent you've played five times already?

BF: They know exactly what it means and what this is all about. We'll make sure
they're focused and ready to go. The last time we played (Minnesota-Duluth in
the WCHA championship game), we were so excited and so amped up. We came out and
played overly aggressively in the first eight minutes and took five penalties.
They went up 2-0 and we climbed back to 2-1 before the end of the period.
(Minnesota-Duluth won 3-2.)

BS: Is your team playing its best hockey right now?

BF: Yeah. I think we're playing very well. Are we playing our best? To me, that
will be determined this weekend. When you get to this stage, things need to go
right and you need to play your best and make the breaks.

BS: Is there anything about Minnesota-Duluth that has kept you up nights?

BF: No. I generally sleep pretty well. I have three young boys, one of which is
3 years old. He keeps me up.

BS: Will you have to take it to another level to beat Minnesota-Duluth?

BF: I think at this point everybody on our team has to elevate their game that
much more. If we do that, we have a great shot. Both teams are so even on paper.
It will come down to that 60 minutes and a battle of wills. Hopefully, our will
is stronger than theirs.

BS: I know Mercyhurst is the top seed, but a WCHA team has won every national
title since the NCAA started crowning national champions in 2001. Does your gut
tell you that will continue?

BF: I think whoever wins our game is going to have a 50-50 shot. Mercyhurst is a
great club, but so is (its national semifinal opponent) Cornell. They'll have to
get past Cornell first. I think all four teams are focused on games Friday
night. I know it's a clich?, but you can't look past that first game.

BS: If you don't win a national title, will you consider this season a success?

BF: Yeah, I think we've had a very successful season, regardless of what happens
this weekend. We lost over 60 percent of our scoring from last season and have
overcome a lot of pressure to be in the Frozen Four. There are a lot of
tremendous things that have happened this year.

BS: You lost to Minnesota-Duluth in the WCHA championship game at Ridder Arena.
So, how big is the home-ice advantage?

BF: Duluth is very comfortable in our rink, considering they've played there
several times this year. They're not going to be intimidated coming into a rink
they've played in a multitude of times. Hopefully, we can get a great crowd and
make it a big home-ice advantage.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday
                                2 Tampa Edition

MCCOY EXCITED ABOUT NEW BUCS OC KOETTER

BYLINE: GREG AUMAN, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 236 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


Bucs defensive tackle Gerald McCoy, enjoying a Friday night watching the
Lightning pull out a defensive win at Amalie Arena, said he's excited about the
hiring of offensive coordinator Dirk Koetter, having gone up against his Falcons
offenses the past three years.

"Just playing against it, it's very highly powered," McCoy said. "They spread
you out on defense and exploit a lot. One thing they can do is exploit man
coverages. That's always a dynamic offense to face, so I'm excited to see what
he brings to us."

McCoy said he watched as the Bucs brought in candidates the past week, confident
that coach Lovie Smith and general manager Jason Licht would find the right fit
after Tampa Bay struggled offensively in 2014, with coordinator Jeff Tedford
away from the team on indefinite medical leave. McCoy said he saw plenty of what
Koetter (pronounced Cutter) could do in a 56-14 drubbing of the Bucs in Atlanta
in Week 3 this season.

"Honestly, I trust the guys upstairs like I always say, so whoever they brought
in," he said, "but it just so happens it's an offense I've faced before. It's a
hard offense to face, and you put the right guys in the system, they showed you.
What was it, 56?"

* * *

NFL division playoffs

Today

- Ravens at Patriots, 4:30, Ch. 8, 1040-AM, 1470-AM

- Panthers at Seahawks, 8, Ch. 13, 1040-AM

- - -

Sunday

- Cowboys at Packers, 1, Ch. 13, 820-AM

- Colts at Broncos, 4:15, Ch. 10, 1040-AM, 1470-AM

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Associated Press (2012): Dirk Koetter, right, celebrates while
he was an assistant with the Jaguars.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                             August 17, 2014 Sunday
                                  1ST Edition

SECTION: Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 128 words


'Legends' introduces forgotten Wilmington lore

John Hirchak, creator of the Ghost Walk of Wilmington and author of "Ghosts of
Old Wilmington," widens his reach with "Legends of Old Wilmington and Cape Fear"
(Charleston, S.C.: History Press, $19.99 paperback).

In addition to the usual pirate tales, Hirchak recalls the exploits of Topsy the
elephant, who ran away from the circus and went on a wild excursion through
Wilmington in 1916; the exploits of escaped slave and spy Abraham Galloway; and
the heart-wrenching tale of firefighter William Ellerbrook and his dog, Boss. He
even updates the Maco Light legend in light of recent discoveries.

Although hardly exhautisve, "Legends" provides a lively introduction to some of
Wilmington's half-forgotten lore.

- Ben Steelman

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                               May 7, 2006 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Obama: Door open for democrats

BYLINE: DON WALTON, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 787 words

DATELINE: Omaha, NE


OMAHA - Voters have "had enough" of the Bush administration and are ready for
Democratic leadership, Illinois Sen. Barack Obama said Saturday night.

"This is our moment to lead," he told 900 Nebraska Democrats at the party's
annual Morrison-Exon Dinner.

"Enough of the broken promises," Obama declared. "Enough of the failed
leadership."

When President Bush said in his 2000 campaign he was against nation-building,
Obama said, "we just didn't know he was talking about this one."

Obama, whose star power lured an overflow banquet crowd to the Hilton Omaha,
said an old Democratic nemesis, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, suggested
exactly the right message for Democrats to exploit when he recently assessed GOP
misjudgments.

"Had enough?" was the message Gingrich warned Democrats could exploit, Obama
said.

Earlier, the freshman African-American senator - his father was from Kenya, his
mother from Kansas - addressed an enthusiastic crowd of 1,000 cheering
supporters at Salem Baptist Church in north Omaha.

"I've had enough of folks not telling the truth, manipulating intelligence,
fudging numbers," he said.

Bungling their way to "three-dollar-something gasoline," he added.

While as much as a trillion dollars may be spent on the war in Iraq, Obama said,
investments are lacking at home in "neighborhoods where rats outnumber computers
and kids can't walk home safely."

The Bush administration, he said, has slashed funding for day care and
after-school programs, and embraced a policy of "social Darwinism, every man or
woman for him or herself."

Obama told the Democratic dinner audience that, somehow, the administration
believes "that if you say the words 'plan for victory' and point to the number
of schools painted and roads paved and cell phones used in Iraq, no one will
notice the more than 2,300 flag-draped coffins that have arrived at Dover Air
Force Base.

"Well," he said, "it's time we finally said we notice, and we care, and we're
not gonna settle any more."

Obama's appearance highlighted an evening that brought all of this year's major
Democratic candidates together on the weekend before a primary election that has
been dominated by Republicans.

While GOP races for the gubernatorial and U.S. Senate nominations have held the
spotlight, Sen. Ben Nelson and Democratic gubernatorial candidate David Hahn
have been awaiting the Republican winners.

Nelson, praised by Obama as "one of the most effective members of the U.S.
Senate," said he's prepared for a contest that may ask voters to choose between
"Main Street or Wall Street."

Pre-election polling has tapped Pete Ricketts, the multimillionaire former chief
operating officer of Ameritrade, as the leader in a three-man GOPSenate race
that includes former Attorney General Don Stenberg and former Republican State
Chairman David Kramer.

Ricketts has poured $4.7 million of his own money into the primary race.

"The people of Nebraska are not going to like the kind of spending they're
seeing in this Senate race," Nelson said in an interview.

During his first term in the Senate, Nelson said, he has provided experienced
leadership, demonstrated "independent-mindedness," and not gotten "bogged down
in partisanship."

Hahn said he's ready to begin "drawing the lines of demarcation" in the
gubernatorial race once his opponent is chosen.

Gov. Dave Heineman and Rep. Tom Osborne are locked in what appears to be a tight
struggle.  Omaha businessman Dave Nabity is the third man in the race.

Later this month, Hahn said, he'll be ready to roll out a series of proposals
for property tax reform, health care reform and an initiative  that weds
business tax incentives with post-secondary education.

"I'll keep this campaign on the sunny side," Hahn said.

Obama's appearance before the largely black audience on Lake Street in north
Omaha was a celebratory affair, preceded by Gospel music and attended by parents
with children in their arms.

In a brief reference to the dispute over Omaha school reorganization, Obama
said; "There's no reason there shouldn't be adequate funding for every child in
every school."

But education depends on good parenting, too, he said.

"Turn off the TV, set out a place for children to do homework, go talk to the
teacher and find out what's going on," he said.

"Too many of us aren't parenting."

Reach Don Walton at 473-7248 or at dwalton@journalstar.com.

The primary

Voters go to the polls Tuesday at 8 a.m.

On the Web

Read the latest news, examine the races and check out the candidates' positions
in their own words at www.journalstar.com/elections/2006/may

More information

For questions about the election, including where to vote, call the Lancaster
County Election Commissioner, 441-7311, or go to
www.ci.lincoln.ne.us/cnty/election/

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: color head photo of Barack Obama

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 16, 2007 Friday

Computer bug causes delays at license office: 'Trojan' affected government
machines across Kentucky

BYLINE: James Mayse, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 544 words


Feb. 16--A viruslike computer program that made its way around the state
prevented Daviess County residents from receiving or renewing their driver's
licenses last week and again this week.

The offending bug, exploit-DcomRpc.gen, was eventually found on computers in 77
county clerks' offices and 22 property valuation administrators' offices across
the state, as well as in some jails and other offices such as license branches.

The program is a "Trojan" and does not replicate itself, but is spread through
e-mail or when a computer user visits an infected Web site.

While the exploit Trojan was not especially vicious, it did manage to overwhelm
computers in Daviess County's driver's license office.

"We were down (last) Wednesday and Thursday. We were up on Friday, (but when) we
came in Monday, we were reinfected," Circuit Clerk Susan Tierney said. " ... I
know McLean County was down. Butler County was down from last Wednesday until
Tuesday."

Jill Midkiff, spokeswoman for the state Finance and Administration Cabinet, said
the exploit Trojan is programmed to gather data from infected computers and send
the data on a specific date. Infected computers began showing unusual amounts of
Internet activity last week when exploit began sending data, Midkiff said.

"We have no reason at all to believe any personal information or data has been
compromised," Midkiff said. The Commonwealth Office of Technology was called to
assist county offices where infected computers were found.

About 100 computers in various county offices were infected, Midkiff said.
There's no way to tell how the computers were infected.

"It could have been something very innocent," she said. "It can spread if
someone forwards something. You can't control who you get e-mail from."

The Daviess County driver's license branch had the last of its infected
computers sanitized Tuesday, Tierney said.

While the computers were infected, they were shut down for Internet use, which
made them unable to do license branch business.

"It was very frustrating for us and I know it was frustrating for the public,
Tierney said. " ... There was nothing we could do. The best we could do was put
a sign on the (Judicial Center) door so people wouldn't go all the way through
security."

Midkiff said there have been no more reports of infected computers after
Wednesday.

PVA Sandy Dawdy and Richard House, a deputy clerk in the county clerk's office,
said their departments were not infected by the exploit Trojan.

"We won't have a problem because we use these old computers" and only newer
computers were infected, House said. "I guess that was the benefit of having
older computers, for once."

Midkiff said while there's no evidence personal data was gathered by the exploit
Trojan, the infection is a reminder to people to keep track of the business they
conduct on the Internet "to make sure activity is legitimate.

"It's always (wise) to monitor the activity people do online," Midkiff said.

Copyright (c) 2007, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070216-OW-0216-Computer-bug-causes-delays-at-license-office

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2007 Messenger-Inquirer


                              103 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 23, 2013 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Leahy: GOP exploiting Boston attack

BYLINE: David Nakamura

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 922 words


Democratic lawmakers accused Republicans on Monday of trying to "exploit" the
Boston Marathon bombings for political gain, revealing divisions that could
complicate prospects for a bipartisan effort to overhaul the nation's
immigration system.

During a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing that turned testy at times, Chairman
Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.) chastised some of his GOP colleagues for tying last
week's attack to the debate over a comprehensive immigration bill that was
introduced last week.

The two bombing suspects, Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, were members of an
ethnic Chechen family that received asylum in 2002 under U.S. immigration law,
prompting many Republicans to urge caution on border-control reform.

"Last week, opponents began to exploit the Boston Marathon bombing," Leahy said
during his opening remarks on the 844-page bill. "I urge restraint in that
regard. Refugees and asylum-seekers have enriched the fabric of this country
from our founding. . . . Let no one be so cruel as to use these heinous acts of
two young men last week to derail the dreams and futures of millions of
hardworking people."

Sitting next to Leahy, Sen. Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa) responded to the
chairman by comparing the GOP concerns to the push by Democrats for greater gun
control after the mass shooting at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., in
December.

"When you proposed gun legislation, we did not accuse you of using the Newtown
killings as an excuse," Grassley said. "I think we're taking advantage of an
opportunity - when once in 25 years we deal with immigration - to make sure
every base is covered."

While the hearing was underway, Republican Sens. Rand Paul (Ky.) and Marco Rubio
(Fla.), a co-sponsor of the immigration bill, issued separate statements calling
on lawmakers to take time to learn whether U.S. immigration officials did not
properly vet the Tsarnaev family before granting asylum protections.

Rubio, who did not attend the hearing, said he disagreed with Leahy that Boston
was not relevant to the debate. He said that the bill would improve border
security but that "Congress needs time to conduct more hearings and investigate
how our immigration and national security systems could be improved going
forward. The attack reinforces why immigration reform should be a lengthy, open
and transparent process."

Proponents of immigration reform fear that critics will use legislative delays
to lengthen the debate and introduce amendments aimed at killing the agreement,
which features a path to citizenship for most of the nation's 11 million illegal
immigrants. A similar strategy helped doom a bipartisan immigration bill in the
Senate in 2007.

At the White House, press secretary Jay Carney said President Obama thinks
lawmakers should move forward without delay.

"We need to bring out of the shadows the roughly 11 million residents of this
country who are here illegally," Carney said. "The process of moving along the
earned path to citizenship, and the various hurdles that have to be cleared in
that process, allows for much more information to be known by the relevant
authorities and agencies about these individuals, and that's very important."

Dozens of advocates packed the hearing room Monday, wearing T-shirts reading
"Protect the Path" and "Keep Families Together." The immigration bill also
includes increased federal funding for new border surveillance drones, fencing
and customs agents; new visa programs for low- and highly skilled workers; and
fewer visas for extended family members trying to reunite with relatives in the
United States.

Nearly two dozen people testified at the seven-hour hearing, including Kansas
Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who in 2010 helped Arizona craft one of the
nation's strictest immigration laws. Three of the four provisions of that
legislation were later struck down by the Supreme Court.

Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) said he would support stronger border control and fixes
to the legal system regarding immigration, but he predicted that including a
path to citizenship for the undocumented would doom the bill.

"I don't think that there is any issue in this entire debate that is more
divisive," he said.

Leahy announced that Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, who canceled
her scheduled appearance before the Judiciary Committee on Friday to deal with
the Boston bombing manhunt, will testify on Tuesday. Leahy has said he hopes to
take amendments on the bill in early May and send it to the full Senate by early
June.

But many leading Republicans have argued that Democrats are rushing the process.
In his letter to Leahy, Paul cited the Boston attack to argue that "we should
not proceed until we understand the specific failures of our immigration
system."

Paul asked why the suspects' family was allowed to remain in the United States
although it was from Chechnya, "an area known as the hotbed of Islamic
extremism." U.S. officials have said the Tsarnaevs are ethnic Chechens who
legally emigrated from Dagestan, a neighboring Russian region, about a decade
ago.

Later in the hearing, Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), a co-sponsor of the
bill, told colleagues that it is unfair for "those pointing to the terrible
tragedy in Boston" to use the bombings "as an excuse to wait many months or
years."

Grassley cut him off by responding loudly, "I never said that."

Leahy banged his gavel twice to restore order. Schumer resumed talking and
assured Grassley that he was not referring to any of the lawmakers in the room.

nakamurad@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Carrey: I will not tolerate this heartless attempt to exploit me or the woman I
loved;
CATHRIONA HUBBY LAWSUIT BLASTED BY STAR ; ACTOR TO FIGHT 'EVIL IN THIS WORLD'

BYLINE: BARRY MORAN ; ANN MOONEY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16,17

LENGTH: 1165 words


HOLLYWOOD star Jim Carrey yesterday blasted a "heartless attempt" by Irish
ex-girlfriend Cathriona White's estranged husband to exploit her suicide.

The Dumb and Dumber actor hit back at the "evil" lawsuit filed by Mark Burton,
who accuses him of illegally obtaining the prescription pills used by his tragic
former love to end her life under a fake name.

Make-up artist Cathriona, 30, from Cappawhite, Co Tipperary, was found dead at
her Los Angeles home from an overdose last September - days after splitting from
Jim.

Bottles of Ambien, Percocet and Propranolol were discovered beside her body and
the drugs were also in her system.

Court documents claim they had been illegally obtained by Carrey, 54, under the
pseudonym of Arthur King.

Cameraman Burton's explosive lawsuit says Carrey got aspiring actress Cathriona
the drugs despite knowing she was "ill equipped to ingest and manage highly
addictive prescription drugs outside the care of a licensed physician" and that
she was "prone to depression".

But in an emotional statement yesterday, the grieving Liar Liar actor attacked
the allegations and vowed to defend Cathriona's honour by fighting the lawsuit
every step of the way.

Carrey stormed: "It would be easy for me to get in a back room with this man's
lawyer and make this go away, but there are some moments in life when you have
to stand up and defend your honour against the evil in this world.

"I will not tolerate this heartless attempt to exploit me or the woman I loved.
Cat's troubles were born long before I met her and sadly her tragic end was
beyond anyone's control.

"I really hope that some day soon people will stop trying to profit from this
and let her rest in peace."

But Burton's lawyer Michael Avenatti told us Carrey's claims that he was unaware
of her troubled past were "nonsense" and insisted: "All my client wants is for
the truth to come out."

The Irish Sun has learned that Burton and Cathriona were not in the process of
separating at the time of her death, despite previous claims.

Burton, 39, who filed his lawsuit on Monday night, tied the knot with Cathriona
in January 2013, just months after she got together with Carrey for the first
time.

His suit says: "This is a case about defendant Jim Carrey using his immense
wealth and celebrity status to illegally obtain and distribute highly addictive
and, in this case, deadly controlled substances."

Burton claims Carrey gave the drugs to White on September 21, 2015 - three days
before he claims she died. Her body was found by cops on September 28 that year.

But Burton alleges The Mask star tried to "cover-up his conduct and complicity
in her death" by sending her "bogus text message" on September 27, 2015, after
she had passed away.

Court papers say he was "pretending as though he had misplaced the drugs and
insinuating White may have taken them from Carrey without his knowledge".

They add: "In reality Carrey knew full well that he had voluntarily and
illegally provided the fraudulently obtained and prescribed drugs to White days
prior."

Burton claims Carrey had an "obsession with controlling and manipulating"
Cathriona, so he had "the ability to monitor surveillance cameras" at her home,
enabling him to remotely "keep track of White's comings and goings".

His lawsuit says that Carrey or his assistants monitored Cathriona's movements
through the cameras but failed to report she hadn't been seen in a day.

Burton says it is "absurd" for Carrey to claim he was unaware of his ex's drug
use and questions his decision not to call cops after she didn't text back, if
he thought she had stolen his pills.

His lawsuit says: "Why would Carrey not immediately request law enforcement to
check on her well-being after she did not return his text?" Burton also claims
Carrey "further continued his charade by publicly offering to pay the funeral
expenses associated with White's funeral in Lawsuit Ireland", but insists he
"never paid a dime" towards the service where he was a pallbearer. The ex-hubby
is seeking general damages, funeral and burial expenses and attorney's fees.

The lawsuit also wants all of Carrey's assets be seized, "including his
Gulfstream V private jet, in order to provide for satisfaction of the likely
award".

Burton's lawyer Mr Avenatti told the Irish Sun: "We will be calling on the Los
Angeles DA to open an investigation into Mr Carrey's role in the death of Ms
White. We look forward to the evidence and facts supporting the allegations in
the case coming to light.

"Our position is that Mr Carrey is indeed the 'Arthur King' listed on the pill
bottles and that he gave Ms White illegally obtained prescriptions despite
knowing that she was prone to depression and had previously attempted to take
her own life.

"He actually admitted what we allege in his statement last night so for him to
try and claim to the contrary is absolute nonsense. All my client wants is for
the truth to come out."

Burton is suing for wrongful death and violation of the drug dealer liability
act and has requested a jury trial.

Yesterday, Jim's team defended the use of the pseudonym insisting the meds were
legally obtained using "routine practices".

They told US website TMZ that most actors regularly used an alias to protect
their privacy and did so with "the knowledge of their doctors and insurers". And
Jim's attorney Marty Singer said Burton and Cathriona didn't live together, so
the notion he suffered a loss of companionship was absurd. Yesterday a friend of
Catriona's family in Cappawhite told the Irish Sun that the lawsuit is adding to
their grief - a week after she would have celebrated her 31st birthday on
September 14.

The pal said: "They are now trying to cope with her first anniversary coming up
on the 28th and something like this is not helping. They had hoped that the
attention and the speculation which arose from Cathriona's tragic death because
of her relationship with Jim Carrey would have lessened particularly now. I have
no doubt but that the continuing focus on this court action by a man they didn't
even know she had married is certain to add to their heartbreak."

Following White's death last year, Carrey issued an emotional note saying he was
"deeply saddened by the passing of my sweet Cathriona".

He added: "She was a truly kind and delicate Irish flower, too sensitive for
this soil, to whom loving and being loved was all that sparkled."

The on-again, off-again couple first started dating in 2012 after meeting on a
film set, but split a few months later.

They rekindled their romance in May 2015 before splitting for a second time days
before her death. White's lifeless body was found in her bed, with a mobile
phone in her hand.

Cathriona had penned a suicide note in the hours before her death.

She wrote to Carrey: "I've spent three days now in disbelief that you're not
here. I can go on brokenhearted and try to put the pieces back. I could, I just
don't have the will this time."

She also told the star: "Please forgive me. I'm just not for this world."

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Love ... Cathriona strolls hand-in-hand through New York with Jim last
yearBeauty . . CathHeartbreak . . Carrey helps carry the coffin of Cathriona,
who looks radiant at the wedding of her sister Lisa and working on a movie set
as a make-up artistEmotional ... Carrey at ex's funeral with her sister Lisa and
his daughter Jane

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2016 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 10, 2015 Tuesday

Meet, Greet, & Golf with Check Point & Sharper Technology

LENGTH: 201  words

DATELINE: Tel Aviv


Check Point Software has issued the following new release:

Meet, Greet, & Golf with Check Point & Sharper Technology
Mar 26 12:00 PM - 2:00 PM, 2015
Pacific Standard Time
With the increase in sophistication of cyber threats, many targeted attacks
begin with exploiting software vulnerabilities in downloaded files and email
attachments. These threats include new exploits, or even variants of known
exploits unleashed almost daily with no existing signatures and therefore no
standard solutions to detect those variants. New and undiscovered threats
require new solutions that go beyond signatures of known threats.
Join us at CityGolf for a meet, greet, & golf where we'll be discussing how file
emulation and virtual sandboxing can be used to protect corporate networks from
undiscovered exploits, zero-day, and targeted attacks. Lunch will be provided.
One guest per registrant is welcome.
To register, contact Dahye Lee at dlee@checkpoint.com
Space is limited, so register now!
Event Location
City Golf
3170 Santa Rita Road
Pleasanton,  California  94566
United States
Event Contact
Allison Grady

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                March 13, 1999, Saturday, 3 Early Tampa Edition

Baffert's entries head San Felipe field

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 14C

LENGTH: 372 words

DATELINE: ARCADIA, Calif.



Bob Baffert,  trying to become the first trainer to saddle three straight
Kentucky Derby winners, sends out two of his leading candidates for this year's
race in  today's $ 250,000 San Felipe Stakes.

Exploit, unbeaten in five starts, and Prime Timber, who has two wins and two
second-place finishes in four outings, head the field of seven entered in the
62nd running of the San Felipe, a 1 1/16-mile race for 3-year-olds at Santa
Anita.

Silver Charm and Real Quiet, the Kentucky Derby winners in 1997 and 1998,
respectively, each finished second in the San Felipe race - Silver Charm behind
Free House two years ago, and Real Quiet behind Artax last year.

Among the most successful winners of the San Felipe were Hill Rise in 1964,
Affirmed in 1978 and Sunday Silence in 1989.

Exploit, who has earned $ 346,254, won all four of his starts as a 2-year-old,
then prevailed in the San Vicente Stakes on Feb. 6.

"He's small, but mighty," Baffert said. "He's got the heart of a champion."

Exploit and Prime Timber won't run as an entry because of separate ownership.

SANTA ANITA WON'T HOST 2000 BREEDERS' CUP: Santa Anita Park officials withdrew
their application to host the 2000 Breeders' Cup because of a planned renovation
project at the track.

Breeders' Cup Ltd. had been negotiating exclusively with Santa Anita management
for the past two months and had hoped to have an agreement in place, the Daily
Racing Form reported.

Breeders' Cup president D.G. Van Clief Jr. said in a statement that he wouldn't
comment on other candidates to host the event. Gulfstream Park in Hallandale
hosts the 1999 Breeders' Cup on Nov. 6.

EX-FARM OWNER WAIVES HEARING: John T. Lundy, former president of Kentucky's
legendary Calumet Farm, could soon be returned to Houston to answer charges
involving a bribery scheme that may link the farm to a failed Texas bank.

Lundy, taken into custody March 2 by U.S. Customs agents as he returned to the
United States from a business trip to Venezuela, on Friday in Miami waived his
right to a removal hearing on whether there is enough cause to send him to
Houston. During a removal hearing, the government establishes that the defendant
is the person named in the indictment.


LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              107 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 14, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

HORSE RACING;
Vicar Relaxes, Then Wins Florida Derby

BYLINE: By JOSEPH DURSO

SECTION: Section 8; Page 12; Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 804 words

DATELINE: HALLANDALE, Fla., March 13


Vicar, a colt who seems to specialize in winning big races by tiny margins, won
the $750,000 Florida Derby by the length of his nose today, three weeks after he
won the Fountain of Youth Stakes by the length of his neck. And, in the confused
rush of horses headed for the Triple Crown, he solidified his ranking as perhaps
the best horse to come out of Florida and aim for the May 1 Kentucky Derby.

But at Santa Anita, meanwhile, intrigue was injected into the picture when the
previously undefeated Exploit, ranked the No. 1 horse on the road to Kentucky,
was outrun by two lengths by his stablemate, Prime Timber, in the $250,000 San
Felipe Stakes.

Both horses are trained by Bob Baffert, whose barn is stocked with five or six
high flyers, but his ace, Exploit, suffered his first defeat after five straight
victories while Baffert was in New Orleans to saddle other stars in the
weekend's races.

Prime Timber scored his coup at Santa Anita with a furious rush in the late
homestretch just when Exploit, the 3-5 favorite, was nailing High Wire Act, who
led all the way. Exploit was overtaken as they neared the finish while High Wire
Act dropped to third. Prime Timber won in a fairly tame time, running the mile
and one-sixteenth in 1:42. But he now has won three times and run second twice,
enhancing his stature for the Run for the Roses.

In New Orleans, Baffert's filly Silverbulletday won the Fair Grounds Oaks,
finishing four lengths ahead of Runaway Venus and running the mile and
one-sixteenth on a sloppy track in 1:444/5 .

At Gulfstream Park, meanwhile, the Eastern candidate was shining brightly, with
history on his side. Vicar is trained by Carl Nafzger, who trained Unbridled in
1990 to victories in the Florida Derby and the Kentucky Derby and who envisions
Vicar carrying him along the same path. But this time, he cut it awfully close.

His colt went to the post as the second favorite, trailed for most of it in
fourth place, rallied dramatically in the homestretch and prevailed in a
three-horse photo finish with George Steinbrenner's Wondertross, second by a
nose, and the favored Cat Thief, half a length back in third.

"He learned to relax today," Nafzger said. "That's what we learned: Can this
colt lay off the lead three or four lengths and punch his way home when we ask
him to run? He's lost his immaturity. He's a lot more athletic. He runs with
distinction. He had to step up to win this race, and he did."

Nafzger interrupted his stream of praise and added: "He's like Unbridled; he's a
big friendly horse who likes to be petted. He likes to please people."

Vicar pleased a lot of people when he settled behind the early soft pace set by
the speed horse Valid Trefaire, who quit after half a mile. He yielded the front
spot to Cat Thief, who has raced 10 times and has run in the money nine times,
including a third in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile, third in the Hutcheson and
second in the Fountain of Youth.

But Cat Thief, who is trained by D. Wayne Lukas, was soon to add a third-place
finish in the Florida Derby. As they entered the stretch, here came Vicar
shooting up from the pack and snatching the lead as Wondertross also rallied
from fourth place to fly into the photo that awaited them at the finish.

Vicar and some of his rivals, including Nick Zito's Wondertross and Baffert's
Exploit, seem destined to race next in the Blue Grass Stakes at Keeneland in
Kentucky on April 10.

"It was a slow pace, and I was stuck behind the leaders," said Jerry Bailey, who
rode Wondertross and had to check him to avoid traffic in the stretch. "I
thought he might have been intimidated by the crowd in the stretch."

The victory was the fourth in six starts for Vicar, a dark bay son of Wild Again
owned by James Tafel, a retired book publisher from Illinois. He ran the the
mile and one-eighth in a rather slow 1:504/5 , paid $11.20 for a $2 bet to win
and went home with first prize of $450,000 and the inside track on the road to
Kentucky.

In the Swale Stakes, which is Gulfstream's feature for 3-year-olds who might not
be able to carry their speed the full Kentucky Derby distance of a mile and a
quarter, two very fast colts hooked up in a homestretch duel that also required
a photograph to identify the winner.

For Texas Glitter, it was a sad encore. In the Hutcheson Stakes last month, he
raced Bet Me Best in a tingling stretch drive and lost by a head. In the Swale,
he hooked Yes It's True in the same way after some sizzling fractions: 44
seconds for the half-mile and 1:083/5 for the three-quarters.

But when they hit the wire noses apart, it was Yes It's True, trained by Lukas
with Bailey riding, winning by a wisp in 1:221/5 . The star-crossed Texas
Glitter lost the photo by the length of his head, and Lucky Roberto was five
lengths back in third.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Jockey Shane Sellers rallying Vicar to victory by a nose in the
Florida Derby yesterday over Wondertross (7), owned by George Steinbrenner.
(Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              108 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 27, 2017 Monday

International Business Machines Corporation (New York) applies for US Patent
titled as "DETECTING WEB EXPLOIT KITS BY TREE-BASED STRUCTURAL SIMILARITY
SEARCH"

LENGTH: 181 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170054749 for US Patent, published on February 23, 2017, by
International Business Machines Corporation (New York), titled as "DETECTING WEB
EXPLOIT KITS BY TREE-BASED STRUCTURAL SIMILARITY SEARCH"  for the registration
of patent.



Inventors: Hu; Xin; (White Plains, NY) ; Jang; Jiyong; (White Plains, NY) ;
Monrose; Fabian; (Chapel Hill, NC) ; Stoecklin; Marc Philippe; (Bern, CH) ;
Taylor; Teryl; (Chapel Hill, NC) ; Wang; Ting; (White Plai

Applicant: International Business Machines Corporation   Armonk   NY (New York)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method includes receiving, at an input port of a computer, indication of HTTP
(Hypertext Transfer Protocol) traffic and clustering, using a processor on the
computer, the HTTP traffic according to a client IP (Internet Protocol) into a
web session tree. A client tree structure of the web session tree is generated
and the client tree structure is compared with tree structures of exploit kit
samples"


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              July 9, 2006 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

CLICKS

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: @ISSUE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 238 words


'Web bangers' post exploits of Crips, Bloods

Some of the country's most notorious street gangs --- the Crips, the Bloods,
MS-13 and others --- have moved onto digital turf, the Associated Press reports.
"Web bangers" are posting potentially incriminating photos of members holding
guns, messages taunting other gangs and boasts of illegal exploits on personal
sites and social networking sites such as MySpace.com. "I'm just being real and
I ain't got nothing to hide," said Kristopher "Kasper" Flowers, 30, a professed
member of the 18th Street gang. Deputy Tom Ferguson of the Los Angeles County
Sheriff's Department identified a number of graffiti writers who posted photos
to a public site. "Maybe they think we don't look at it," he said.

Wireless hot spots multiply in New York

New York has plans for wireless networks at 10 of the its most prominent parks
by summer's end, The New York Times reported. Several will be in Central Park;
the first is to open in Battery Park next week, the Times said. New York is
still ahead of Atlanta, which is playing catch-up. The Marietta Square, Georgia
Tech (natch), Woodruff Park and several Gwinnett library branches offer free hot
spots. But the city has a plan for a giant wi-fi network that would cover 132
square miles.

12 customers gunned down in convenience store clerk's imagination

Mars lander staggers into NASA headquarters drunk, broke

--- Headlines of the week on TheOnion.com

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: LINDA RATHKE / StaffA close-up of someone using a laptop.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              110 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 March 08, 2015

Twisted Celebrates Nigeria's Exploits in Print [opinion]

BYLINE: Japhet Alakam

LENGTH: 736 words


One of the greatest discoveries about the country Nigeria is that despite the
challenges facing Nigeria, it is reported that they are the happiest people in
the world. This was arrived at, following the results of a scientific survey
carried out in 65 nations in 1999-2001.

Nigeria has a rich literary history, and Nigerians have authored many
influential works of post-colonial literature in the English language. Nigeria's
best-known writers are Wole Soyinka, the first African Nobel Laureate in
Literature and Chinua Achebe, the legendary writer best known for the novel,
Things Fall Apart and his controversial critique of Joseph Conrad and others.

Nigeria has the second largest newspaper market in Africa (after Egypt) with an
estimated circulation of several million copies daily in 2003. In the area of
fashion and beauty, Nigerian beauties have taken the world by storm, excelling
in such beauty contests as M-Net Face of Africa and Miss World Beauty Pageant.

The Nigerian film industry (Nollywood) is not left out as it is bubbling with a
variety of talents on daily basis, and is currently the 3rd largest movie
industry in the world after Hollywood (USA) and Bollywood (India).

Despite, the exploits of Nigerians in many fields, it is only the negative side
that has received much attention. It is in response to these, that Dr. Kennedy
Obohwemu came out with the novel Twisted. The 400 pages book published by First
Edition Design Publishing (USA) is a novel that appreciates the exploits
recorded in recent years. With an exceptionally memorable cover image designed
by multiple award-winning cover art expert, Tatiana Fernandez (USA), the medical
doctor turned author in the 15 chapters thriller delves into the ever
fascinating world of modelling and beauty pageants, and with a touch of class
draws attention to Nollywood and the tourism potentials of the country. It is a
thriller, provocative, compelling and sensual, one whose characters are designed
to operate in an atmosphere of gruelling suspense, intrigue, love, sex,
betrayal, violence, murder, such that readers are strapped into an unforgettable
experience from opening page to shattering climax!

'Twisted' is a blockbuster novel that spans three genres: mystery, suspense and
romance. It is devoid of offensive language, crassness, obscenity and extreme
vulgarity such that the younger audience could explore its contents without
their guardians expressing fear of untoward effects.

The novel is unique for its incredibly complex plot, a suspenseful story, with
remarkable twists and turns. The plot and subplots are designed to tickle your
senses, place you on a high, knock you out and ultimately leave you breathless!

It is important to understand that the premise for this novel is centered on a
character that lived all his life abroad. Everything about Mofe was foreign: his
ideas, his ideals, his fantasies! He believed in the American dream and he lived
out that dream. America made him who he was and he would always be grateful to
America. The young man made exploits overseas, and he hardly visited his own
country.

To many outsiders Africa remains a complex conundrum, and a good number of our
citizens out there are unwilling to return home. This is largely due to reports
often received from the media -- civil wars, dictatorships, poverty, and all the
other favourite stereotypes of Africa in the press.

Mofe's homecoming was necessitated by the death of his father. And by a gradual
process of self-discovery, he got to realise that his motherland was a gold mine
in itself.

This novel is a compelling story that captures the intensity of living, loving
and creating a family in today's world. A richly textured material that astounds
the imagination, 'Every Time We Meet' leaves you spell-bound and ultimately
makes your heart pound faster with each page. The story captures the very
essence of human relationship, the ability to sow a seed in the life of the
person next to you. It brings that bond to the center stage in a real life
situation, and admits how incredibly complex and how conflicting the images
could be.

Though it was not specifically written for the younger ones, but the novel is
suitable for adolescents and adults alike. It is a novel for everyone to read
and enjoy, irrespective of age, social class or religious inclination. Whether
young or old, single or married, you'll find this novel a most worthy companion.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            January 11, 2009 Sunday

Letters

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 656 words


Diocese exploits technicalities to its benefit

Advertisement

An article about how Peoria's bishop is refusing to help some victims of
pedophile priests contained a revealing and disturbing sentence. ("Victims
group: Diocese failed to pay for victims' counseling," 1/7/09).

Near the end of that story, The Pantagraph wrote: "The diocese responded (in
court) that personnel decisions regarding priests are exempt from civil court
review."

Translation: Once again, Catholic officials are claiming to be 'exempt' from the
laws that govern the rest of us mere mortals. And once again, instead of
defending pedophile priests on the merits of the cases, the church hierarchy is
trying to exploit legal technicalities to deny victims their day in court. Shame
on them.

Barbara Dorris

St. Louis, Mo.

Dorris is outreach director for SNAP

Deserving choice for Veteran of Month award

Good things happen to good people!

Recognition of a job well done has been obvious to those of us who know Ron
Umdenstock and the superb and unselfish job he has done for veterans for quite a
few years. Along with his wife, Diane, he has supplied to veterans in nursing
homes in Central Illinois with gifts of warm jogging suits, razors and other
needed items every Christmas. When a veteran's name is given to Ron, he supplies
the gift.

The American Legion makes these gifts available through a program known as
"Gifts To The Yanks Who Gave." Ron Umdenstock collects the names given to him by
the American Legion posts in the 17th District. They are funded by donations
from the American Legion in the district.

Some posts, such as Lincoln, raise several thousands of dollars for the
veterans. This is one of the tenets of the American Legion: to provide for our
veterans in their time of need. Ron has been chairman for many years and spends
countless hours collecting names, ordering gifts and disseminating those gifts
to the posts to deliver to the nursing homes.

It is an honor to be selected Veteran of the Month and be presented such by
Tammy Duckworth, a hero in her own right.

It makes me feel proud to know Ron and see the faces of veterans in the homes
when they receive their gifts. Happy New Year and thanks to Ron for what he does
for veterans.

Joseph R. Delaney Sr.

Forrest

The writer is service officer, J.A. Folwell Post 174, American Legion.

Burris should not be seated as senator

Advertisement

Once again in the state of Illinois, accountability and class go lacking. The
latest player in this farce is Roland Burris. In accepting the nomination of
Gov. Blagojevich, Mr. Burris shows himself to lack both judgment and common
sense. The honorable course would be to refuse until the impeachment process is
finished one way or another.

For whatever unfathomable reasons, Burris not only accepted the nomination but
also is accepting and encouraging the support of Bobby Rush, whose racial
insults and threats are completely out of sync with what is supposed to be a new
era in Washington.

Instead, it looks like more corruption, more intimidation, more bullying, now
just from the other side of the aisle. Mr. Burris should not be seated. He
should have no support as long as his nomination is attached to our current
governor and as long as threats of a racial nature are being used as a club.

If the governor is cleared of wrongdoing, unlikely though that may be, then
fine. If nominated by Pat Quinn, if he becomes governor, then fine. I would
support Mr. Burris's nomination with no problem whatsoever.

For the first time in a long time let Illinois not be the corrupt laughingstock
of the nation. The behavior of Blagojevich, Burris and Rush are polar opposite
to what we should expect from those who represent the Land of Lincoln.

Chris Cashen

Bloomington

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Pantagraph


                              112 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     September 20, 2016 Tuesday 1:03 AM GMT

FBI should reveal who hacked the San Bernardino iPhone, lawsuit claims;
A court summons has been issued, as lawsuit says the public needs to know how an
unidentified vendor broke into one of the world's most popular products

BYLINE: Nicky Woolf in San Francisco

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 569 words


A federal court in Washington DC has issued a summons to the FBI after a group
of media organizations filed a suit compelling them to release details about how
they hacked an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino killers.

On Friday, the Associated Press (AP), Gannett newspapers and Vice Media filed a
lawsuit to compel the FBI under the Freedom of Information Act (Foia) to reveal
details about the way they gained access earlier this year to the phone
belonging to Syed Farook, one of perpetrators of the attack in San Bernardino in
December 2015 in which 14 people were killed.

Specifically, the suit asks for the identity of the vendor from whom the FBI
purchased the hack which gave them access to Farook's phone, and how much the
bureau paid for it. The suit claims that the public needs to know whether the
technique exposes a critical security vulnerability in one of the world's most
popular consumer technology products.

On Monday afternoon the FBI was officially served with a summons to appear in
court. No hearing date has yet been set.

In February the FBI asked Apple directly for help in breaking into Farook's
phone. After the company refused, the FBI tried to compel them through to give
up access to the phone. Then, in March, they abruptly dropped the suit after
having found a third-party exploit, announcing a week later that they had
successfully hacked the phone.

Related:  FBI confirms it won't tell Apple how it hacked San Bernardino
shooter's iPhone

Not much is currently known about that exploit or the company from whom the
bureau purchased it; but its price may have been upwards of $1m, FBI director
James Comey has hinted.

The AP's lawsuit would give news organizations a valuable insight into law
enforcement's relationship with private companies, many of them operating in
legal grey areas, who sell hacks and exploits against technology companies.

"The FBI's purchase of the technology - and its subsequent verification that it
had successfully obtained the data it was seeking thanks to that technology -
confirmed that a serious undisclosed security vulnerability existed (and likely
still exists) in one of the most popular consumer products in the world," the
complaint states.

It continues: "In order to exploit that vulnerability, the FBI contracted with
an unidentified third-party vendor, effectively sanctioning that party to retain
this potentially dangerous technology without any public assurance about what
that vendor represents, whether the vendor has adequate security measures,
whether the vendor is a proper recipient of government funds, or whether it will
act only in the public interest."

"We're not looking for the tool itself, and not looking for materials related to
any ongoing investigation," Jay Ward Brown, the lawyer representing the
Associated Press, said. "We're just focused on the identity of the third-party
vendor and the price paid."

"Thats the kind of information into government contracting that typically is
available to the pub under Foia," he said, adding that so far the government has
only invoked exception 7a, which pertains to ongoing law enforcement
investigations, so far.

"It's difficult to understand how the vendor's name could impact [an ongoing
investigation]," Brown said. "So yes we think there is a very good chance that
the records will be released."

The FBI did not immediately respond to requests by the Guardian for comment.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 23, 1989 Monday

REPORT ON THE OFFICE AND COMPUTERS   Xerox goes after the desktop edge by
launching new software   division

BYLINE: ALEXANDRA EADIE; GAM

LENGTH: 640 words


BY  ALEXANDRA EADIE
 The Globe and Mail
   To capitalize on the success of its Ventura program, Xerox Canada Inc.
has set up a division devoted to desktop software.

The Canadian unit of Xerox Corp. of Stamford, Conn., which is best
known for its photocopiers but also as a technological innovator, will be
able to respond more quickly to users' queries and difficulties with their
software, said Jaff Smith, the general manager of the new division.

The Toronto-based company has recently had introductory sessions with
dealers and distributors across the country to explain its new approach
and services. Mr. Smith wants to exploit and consolidate the company's
strong position in the desktop market.

In the past, in spite of its phenomenal success with dry copying, or
'xerography' - in which the company has maintained leadership despite
aggressive Japanese competition - Xerox has often been unable to exploit
the initial advantages it has held in other new fields.

Xerox has blazed many trails that were subsequently taken over by
others. Out of its labs have come the ideas for the icon and the mouse,
which were later exploited in the Macintosh computer by Apple Computer
Inc. of Cuptertino, Calif.

The founders of Adobe Corp. of Mountain View, Calif., which created the
popular page-description programming language called Postscript, used in
Apple's laser printers, did their initial development work as Xerox
employees. It is the laser printer combined with this language that have
made desktop publishing possible.

With desktop publishing , an operator of a personal computer can
produce professional-looking documents without the aid of professional
typesetters.

Xerox has also had some unsuccessful forays into computer sales. It
took over one of the early microcomputer successes, Osborne Computer
Corp., but was unable to exploit that type of product.

Mr. Smith is determined to implement a new strategy for Xerox in
Canada. He wants the company to be the leader in the IBM-compatible
personal computer desktop publishing market.

'The premise is that Xerox is characterized by working with the  'Document' in
all its stages,' Xerox's press release says, in a manner  that Mr. Smith
admitted comes from a typical business school's Strategy  101 course.

The company now says its specialty is the document-producing business,
an integral part of which is now desktop publishing. The new division is
recognition of this.

There are various components to this strategy. 'Our software mission
is to get leadership software titles by acquisition,' Mr. Smith said.

Ventura - although it is firmly identified with Xerox - is actually the
property of Ventura Software Inc. of Salinas, Calif. Xerox has also
acquired the marketing rights to all products for the IBM PC from Cricket
Software Inc. of Malvern, Pa. This software developer is already well-
known for its drawing and graphics programs for the Macintosh.

Xerox has also recently taken over the marketing of FormsBase, a forms-
design program that can merge information from databases with forms. It
was developed by Columbia Sofware Inc. of Northridge, Calif.

Mr. Smith said most innovative software has come from small companies.
However, the giant Xerox can provide many development and marketing
functions that these companies cannot easily manage. It can document and
test programs as well as distributing and supporting them, he said.

Part of Xerox's strategy is to build on its reputation for excellence
and reliability and take advantage of it in related fields, Mr. Smith
added.

Although Ventura has a good reputation, Mr. Smith acknowledged that
there have been problems servicing the software's users. To remedy this,
Xerox established the new division devoted to desktop publishing.

The unit plans to grow by acquisition. Typically, Xerox has bought the
distribution rights to software that uses the DOS operating system.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                               September 21, 2016
                                 First Edition

Jim Carrey declares lawsuit a 'heartless attempt' to exploit him;
HOLLYWOOD

BYLINE: Adam Sherwin ARTS AND MEDIA CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 196 words


Actor Jim Carrey has vowed to fight a lawsuit that blames him for the
drugrelated death of his girlfriend. They had broken up a week before her death
a year ago.

The star has been accused of giving make-up artist Cathriona White the
prescription drugs she used to kill herself in September last year. The lawsuit
was filed in Los Angeles Superior Court by Mark Burton, who at the time was
legally married to Ms White, 30.

But Carrey, 54, said the lawsuit was a heartless attempt to exploit him and
vowed to fight the case.

The lawsuit contends that Carrey improperly obtained prescriptions for Ambien
(zolpidem) and the powerful opioid oxycodone under the alias Arthur King.

It accuses Carrey of giving Ms White the medications days before she was found
dead. Ms White and Carrey dated on and off from 2012.

The actor (inset) said: "I will not tolerate this heartless attempt to exploit
me or the woman I loved. Cat's ... tragic end was beyond anyone's control."

He added: "It would be easy for me to get in a back room with this man's lawyer
and make this go away, but there are some moments in life when you have to stand
up and defend your honour against the evil in this world."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2016 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab Times

                             July 13, 2013 Saturday

You, me and cybersecurity

LENGTH: 1320 words


THE first time I was hacked was October 31st 1989. I was the system
administrator for a MicroVAX-VMS system at NASA Headquarters in Washington, DC.
When I powered up my system the morning of Nov 1, 1989, I receive a message:
"Worms Against Nuclear Killers", "Your System Has Been Officially WANKed", and
"You talk of times of peace for all, and then prepare for war." It was very
exciting as well as embarrassing. We were suspicious that the worm exploit might
have been the work of an East German hacker gang. It turned out that Julian
Assange and his mates down-under had dialed-in to the Internet to deliver their
message to us. That was the beginning of Julian Assange's "hacktivist" career.

Being hacked by Assange and his gang inspired me to learn more about
cybersecurity, just as the Internet was becoming commercially viable.
Consequently, I was well-prepared to deal with the high number of Internet
attacks hitting the Air Force Systems Command systems during the Gulf War in
1990-91. Despite the intensity of the cyber-attacks during the Gulf War, the
attacks of those days were as nothing compared to the cybersecurity exploits of
today. The intensity of cyber-espionage, cyber-theft and cyber-destruction is
threatening the economic benefits of the Internet. For example, the recent
cyber-exploit perpetrated against Bank of Muscat and National Bank of Ras Al
Khaimah, organized out of New York City via a Costa Rican money laundering
operation, Liberty Reserve, cost $45 million in direct losses plus the cost of
an international law enforcement operation. That exploit probably appears to be
a clearly illegal and unethical crime to most people. What about those costly
exploits by "hacktivists" like Julian Assange and his followers? Does the end
justify the means? Who should pay for the costs of their exploits? Assange
acolyte, Edward Snowden is an example of someone claiming to be a "hacktivist",
rather than being motivated by fame or money. As a former system administrator
with the US National Security Administration (NSA), he used his trusted position
and his Internet skills to steal valuable classified information. It must be
acknowledge that he stole information that might be worth quite a lot of money
to some of American's enemies, so we cannot be certain of his motivations. The
international scandal caused by Edward Snowden has been top of the news since
early June. Even as I write, the Bolivian President's plane was denied access to
French and Portuguese airspace due to the suspicion that Snowden was on board
the plane flying out of Moscow. Snowden is casting himself as a hero by
revealing what he claims are illegal activities by the US Government (USG). Some
people see him as a thief and a traitor. For others it is all too complex and
confusing. To better understand Snowden and his accusations against the USG and
what it means to us if anything, the first question we should ask ourselves,
"What is NSA doing that upset Snowden so much that he would risk his entire
future?" And then we can ask, "How does cyber-surveillance and cybersecurity
affects us and what do we need to do about it?" Snowden claims that the US
Government (USG) is illegally collecting information about US citizens' private
communications through a program named PRISM. PRISM was started by president
George W. Bush and continued by President B. Obama for the purpose of detecting
terrorist attack planning by surveillance of communications patterns. Snowden's
accusations are upsetting to Americans, who are committed to their
Constitutional right to privacy as described in the Bill or Rights Fourth
Amendment.

At both the Federal and State level of USG, subsequent laws have been developed
over the years to define the details of implementing this legal principle.
During the US-Soviet Union Cold War, and then again after the Sept 11, 2001
attack on US, the balance of security and privacy leaned in the direction of
security., Despite having relatively good communications and information freedom
and privacy, Americans are committed to keeping the highest possible level of
privacy while continuing to rely on their government to keep them secure from
attack. So, the USG must balance security and privacy. In response to the
allegations about PRISM, the USG is assuring people in America that the
Constitutional guarantee of communication and information privacy is being
honored under the PRISM Program. They claim that 50 planned terrorist attacks
were averted during 2001-2013 Worldwide, of which only 10 were intended to be
attacks on US. In other words, 40 of those terror attacks were planned to be
carried out somewhere else in the world - maybe in your home area. The main
purpose of the PRISM program is to detect people who are planning terror
attacks. Those people should be very fearful of PRISM. Do they have a right to
privacy? We all are faced with the question of whether we think that the
security benefits of communications surveillance outweigh the loss in privacy.
People should be aware that all governments around the world are conducting
communications surveillance and probably invading everyone's privacy, insofar as
they have the technical and financial resources to do so. What can we do to help
improve cybersecurity thereby reducing the need for invasive security
procedures? Cybersecurity may sound daunting. We are tempted to say "Why should
we care about cybersecurity?" There are three reasons we must give a little
thought to cybersecurity: (1) potential loss of our data (2) posing a threat to
others by passing malware to them (3) the potential of becoming part of a global
problem. I will give you a quick explanation of each of these reasons and then
some easy preventive tasks that we all should implement. The first thing that
you must do is to buy anti-malware software and implement it on your computer.
Be sure you buy a reputable product and keep it updated to handle new exploits.
Second, you should make sure that your passwords are complex enough to not be
broken. One way to do this is to think of a sentence and then make your password
from the first letter of each word in the sentence. Make sure it is something
you can remember without writing it down where it can be stolen. Be very careful
when you enter your account name and password online to ensure that you never
enter this critical information into an illegitimate website where it will be
collected and used for illegal purposes. The third very important action you can
take to protect yourself is to always keep up-to-date backups of your data and
keep those backups offline. And, finally, the fourth thing you can do to avoid a
cyber-exploit is to not open emails from unknown persons and not download
unlicensed files from the internet. Even emails from known people should be
handled with care: don't click on any links embedded in the email or attachments
to the email until you are sure they are legitimately from a trusted sender. If
the email message seems too good to be true - it probably is! Those Nigerian
princes with billions to share probably aren't. By Dana Winner While these
actions won't guarantee that you will never suffer a cyber-attack, it will
reduce your vulnerability to a low level that can be managed by the anti-virus
software. And for that small percentage of exploits that cannot be managed any
other way, your backups will allow you to rebuild your system. I hope that with
these tips you can avoid being part of the burgeoning cybersecurity problem.

Security and privacy on the Internet will probably determine whether this grand
experiment in creating a global information infrastructure can be successfully
sustained. If you enjoy using the Internet, please join in keeping the Internet
"clean". Everyone who is polluting the Internet with cyber-exploits,
cyber-crime, cyber-espionage and cyber-destruction is threatening the future of
Cyberspace.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1143


                 Copyright 2013 Arab Times Kuwait English Daily
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        March 6, 2016 Sunday 5:34 PM GMT

These engineers are developing artificially intelligent hackers;
In a sign of the autonomous security of the future, a $2m contest wants teams to
build a system that can exploit rivals' vulnerabilities while fixing its own

BYLINE: Olivia Solon in San Francisco

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 650 words


Could you invent an autonomous hacking system that could find and fix
vulnerabilities in computer systems before criminals could exploit them, and
without any human being involved?

That's the challenge faced by seven teams competing in Darpa's Cyber Grand
Challenge in August.

Each of the teams has already won $750,000 for qualifying and must now put their
hacking systems up against six others in a game of " capture the flag ". The
software must be able to attack the other team's vulnerabilities as well as find
and fix weaknesses in their own software - all while protecting its performance
and functionality. The winning team will walk away with $2m.

"Fully automated hacking systems are the final frontier. Humans can find
vulnerabilities but can't analyse millions of programs," explained Giovanni
Vigna, a professor of computer science at University of California Santa
Barbara, speaking at the RSA security conference in San Francisco.

Vigna is also the founder of hacking team Shellphish, which has built one of the
systems - dubbed Mechanical Phish - that will compete in the Cyber Grand
Challenge.

"Hacking is usually just a bunch of guys around a table who are very tired just
typing on a laptop," Vigna adds, adding that it's "not as sexy" as hacking
portrayed in movies. "We do this because we either want to attack somebody, hack
defensive to find bugs before they are deployed, or because it's fun."

Robo-hackers could be incredibly useful for organizations trying to defend their
network to quickly identify and patch problems before anyone exploits them to
either steal data or disrupt online services - without having a team of highly
skilled human "uber-hackers" in house.

Everybody is struggling to keep up. There's not a single organisation that
hasn't had a life-threatening compromise

Alex Rice, HackerOne founder

Outside of the Cyber Grand Challenge, other groups are working on hacking
machines powered by artificial intelligence.

Konstantinos Karagiannis, chief technology officer of BT Americas, has been
building a hacking system that uses neural networks to simulate the way the
human brain learns and solves problems.

He described how an artificially intelligent program called MarI/O was able to
learn an an entire level of Super Mario World in just 34 tries - with no prior
knowledge. The software wasn't taught anything about how to play the game - it
simply had a few simple parameters set. MarI/O just tried different things it
"thought" would work and when they did, it "learned".

"Using this approach a security scanner could identify intricate flaws using
creative approaches you would have never thought of," explained Karagiannis.
"And it can be written with very modest hardware. A $1,000 GPU [graphics
processing unit, typically used in gaming] can outrun a supercomputer that used
to fill a building 10 years ago."

Karagiannis hopes to demonstrate a proof-of-concept by the summer of 2016.

While robo-hackers could provide security professionals with a valuable weapon
in their armoury, the risk is that they could fall into the wrong hands.
Karagiannis told us that he wouldn't be surprised if criminal hackers had
appropriated these techniques "within a year".

Alex Rice, co-founder of security company HackerOne, agrees. "Anything that can
be used to defensively find vulnerabilities can be used by criminals - they all
end up becoming a double-edged sword," he told the Guardian.

Despite this, Rice thinks the rise of automation in security is a good thing.
"Everybody is struggling to keep up. There's not a single organization that
hasn't had a compromise that was life-threatening, so clearly everything we're
doing is failing."

The best solution is to combine the skills of humans with machines. "Humans are
much better at what we haven't figured out yet," he said.

"Until we have fully sentient machines, they still have to be instructed by
humans."

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       March 3, 2016 Thursday 1:32 PM GMT

These engineers are developing artificially intelligent hackers;
In a sign of the autonomous security of the future, a $2m contest wants teams to
build a system that can exploit rivals' vulnerabilities while fixing its own

BYLINE: Olivia Solon in San Francisco

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 650 words


Could you invent an autonomous hacking system that could find and fix
vulnerabilities in computer systems before criminals could exploit them, and
without any human being involved?

That's the challenge faced by seven teams competing in Darpa's Cyber Grand
Challenge in August.

Each of the teams has already won $750,000 for qualifying and must now put their
hacking systems up against six others in a game of " capture the flag ". The
software must be able to attack the other team's vulnerabilities as well as find
and fix weaknesses in their own software - all while protecting its performance
and functionality. The winning team will walk away with $2m.

"Fully automated hacking systems are the final frontier. Humans can find
vulnerabilities but can't analyse millions of programs," explained Giovanni
Vigna, a professor of computer science at University of California Santa
Barbara, speaking at the RSA security conference in San Francisco.

Vienna is also the founder of hacking team Shellphish, which has built one of
the systems - dubbed Mechanical Phish - that will compete in the Cyber Grand
Challenge.

"Hacking is usually just a bunch of guys around a table who are very tired just
typing on a laptop," Vigna adds, adding that it's "not as sexy" as hacking
portrayed in movies. "We do this because we either want to attack somebody, hack
defensive to find bugs before they are deployed, or because it's fun."

Robo-hackers could be incredibly useful for organizations trying to defend their
network to quickly identify and patch problems before anyone exploits them to
either steal data or disrupt online services - without having a team of highly
skilled human "uber-hackers" in house.

Everybody is struggling to keep up. There's not a single organisation that
hasn't had a life-threatening compromise

Alex Rice, HackerOne founder

Outside of the Cyber Grand Challenge, other groups are working on hacking
machines powered by artificial intelligence.

Konstantinos Karagiannis, chief technology officer of BT Americas, has been
building a hacking system that uses neural networks to simulate the way the
human brain learns and solves problems.

He described how an artificially intelligent program called MarI/O was able to
learn an an entire level of Super Mario World in just 34 tries - with no prior
knowledge. The software wasn't taught anything about how to play the game - it
simply had a few simple parameters set. MarI/O just tried different things it
"thought" would work and when they did, it "learned".

"Using this approach a security scanner could identify intricate flaws using
creative approaches you would have never thought of," explained Karagiannis.
"And it can be written with very modest hardware. A $1,000 GPU [graphics
processing unit, typically used in gaming] can outrun a supercomputer that used
to fill a building 10 years ago."

Karagiannis hopes to demonstrate a proof-of-concept by the summer of 2016.

While robo-hackers could provide security professionals with a valuable weapon
in their armoury, the risk is that they could fall into the wrong hands.
Karagiannis told us that he wouldn't be surprised if criminal hackers had
appropriated these techniques "within a year".

Alex Rice, co-founder of security company HackerOne, agrees. "Anything that can
be used to defensively find vulnerabilities can be used by criminals - they all
end up becoming a double-edged sword," he told the Guardian.

Despite this, Rice thinks the rise of automation in security is a good thing.
"Everybody is struggling to keep up. There's not a single organisation that
hasn't had a compromise that was life-threatening, so clearly everything we're
doing is failing."

The best solution is to combine the skills of humans with machines. "Humans are
much better at what we haven't figured out yet," he said.

"Until we have fully sentient machines, they still have to be instructed by
humans."

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            February 26, 2010 Friday
                                   L2 Edition

Technology expo draws pros to Wheaton

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 453 words


Getting a computer virus should be the least of your worries. The latest trend
has been multiple attacks on a computer, which will be one of the main topics at
NetSecure '10, the eighth annual IT Security and Forensics Conference and Expo,
on Thursday, March 4 at the Illinois Institute of Technology's Wheaton campus.

About 200 information technology professionals will meet with representatives of
IBM, Oracle, and other companies as well as the FBI and local governments. Their
mission is to share information about the latest technology trends, including
security, identify theft and hacking, said Professor Bill Lidinsky, assistant
director of IIT's Information Technology and Management.

"It used to be that someone would find the vulnerability in your computer and
exploit it," said Lidinsky. "Now, they find the vulnerability, exploit it and
then after the machine has been compromised, it would include something like a
Trojan horse, something that still hangs around and starts running a month later
to open the door for more."

And enforcement agencies aren't the only ones looking into a computer involved
in a crime. Many corporations are training a staff specialist or hiring

professionals to investigate employee online activities while using company
resources, he said.

"Before it was considered more of a criminal matter," Lidinsky said. "Now there
are more corporate policies that are being enforced and more civil matters."

The idea for the expo started eight years ago to gather local professionals to
talk about computer security and forensics. "There was nothing going on in that
area at that time," Lidinsky said.

He decided to contact the FBI and local IT professionals to do the program and
help raise awareness at all businesses and government levels.

The expo runs 8 a.m. to 4:45 p.m. and offers IT professionals as well as
government officials and even students a chance to network. The one-day event,
which has a tiered admission price, also will discuss cloud computing, wireless
technology, policy and compliance issues.

For information, see www.cpd.iit.edu/netsecure10.

Surfing: Oakbrook Terrace-based CompTia, an association for information
technology professionals, has organized seven groups of members to look at
critical issues, including cyber security, health care IT, cloud computing and
other trends. The groups will help others learn more about the issues and, as a
result, possibly develop new revenue streams.

* Boston-based Sonicbids.com is booking some Chicago bands through its Web site.
The city of Chicago also has signed a deal to book its bands for public
festivals online using this service, the site said.

* Follow Anna Marie Kukec on LinkedIn and Facebook and as AMKukec on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              119 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Computerworld

                                January 27, 2006

Spammers Steal IP Addresses . . .

BYLINE: Mark Hall

SECTION: DATA CENTER; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 790 words


. . . and threaten the Internet's system of trust among networks. Malware
malcontents, especially spammers, are temporarily stealing IP addresses from
their rightful domains and using them as their own for as little as five minutes
but as long as a day. Dave Rand, chief

technologist for Internet content security at Trend Micro Inc. 's U.S.
operations in Cupertino, Calif., argues that these illegal exploits threaten the
basic trust system among the 22,000-plus networks that make up the Internet.
Spammers exploit the Border Gateway Protocol's method for presenting the unique
addresses on each network by nabbing bunches of them and temporarily assigning
them to their own routers - an attack called a BGP injection. "There's no
central source monitoring all of the address blocks on the Internet," Rand says.
"The only telltale sign that your addresses have been hijacked is that traffic
on the network [from which they've been stolen] is reduced." Not that long ago,
the price of a router required to pull off the crime made BGP injection exploits
cost-prohibitive. "Now you can get one on eBay for 150 bucks," Rand points out.
What's most dangerous, he says, is that while spammers have a hold of your IP
address, they aren't merely using it to send spam - they are your address.
Privileged information coming to that IP location is now in their hands. The
ramifications, of course, are unsettling. Rand says Trend Micro is working on a
protection scheme. But right now, he warns, there isn't a darn thing you can do.

Encrypt everything, everywhere, and . . .

. . . do it all the time. Jim Greenway, vice president of marketing at Array
Networks Inc. in Milpitas, Calif., says users of his company's SPX line of SSL
VPN appliances no longer just scramble data for remote workers and road
warriors, or those using wireless LANs. Customers also are applying encryption
policies for users on wired LANs, Greenway says. "They want ubiquitous
security," he notes. To help support the growth of encryption, Array is doubling
the number of virtual private network portals available on the SPX devices to
256 as part of a software upgrade due next week. Pricing for the appliances
starts at $6,000.

Corporate blogs may imperil . . .

. . . knowledge management systems. Well, maybe "knowledge management with a
small 'k,'?" suggests Robin Hopper, CEO of iUpload Inc. in Burlington, Ontario.
The company's Enterprise Blogging Suite 2.0 software, available today, gives you
a slew of policy options for managing blogs, down to a specific blog post. The
new version is linked to CRM systems like Salesforce.com , so you can
automatically push relevant blog info to customers and partners. Hopper says the
2.0 release also lets you "wikify" a blog post so others can expand, modify and
correct information. Ultimately, he thinks, corporate blogs will not be about
content from individuals, but about an organization's subject- specific
knowledge. That might even free IT from supporting knowledge management systems
with a capital K. Subscription pricing starts at $1,250 per month.

Management tool for data centers . . .

. . . moves to open-source, then will go proprietary again. Qlusters Inc. in
Palo Alto, Calif., this week will unveil openQRM, its open-source systems
management software for Linux servers. Until now, the company has sold the tool
as proprietary technology. CEO Ofer Shoshan says the software can manage up to
5,000 systems and lets you establish policies to automatically provision
Intel-based servers with Linux and applications. William Hurley, chief
technology officer at Qlusters, claims that most provisioning of Linux systems
is done with homegrown scripts, which become problematic once you get beyond 100
servers. Next summer, Qlusters will release Enterprise QRM, a proprietary
version that will add features not available in the open-source edition. You can
get openQRM service and support from Qlusters starting at an annual fee of $750
per server.

Virtualize all of your apps in the . . .

. . . Linux, Windows and now Solaris worlds. And you don't need agent code
running on your systems. That's the promise Bill Coleman, CEO of San Jose-based
Cassatt Corp. , makes about his company's Collage tool. Coleman says Collage 3.2
lets you set policies for application service levels instead of tying
applications to a specific machine or cluster. "You can scale up or out, based
on utilization and quality-of-service needs," he says. Collage strips away
elements that bind applications to a given machine and monitors the apps to
ensure that their performance meets service-level agreements. The new release
includes support for Solaris on Sparc and adds policy tools for Web services. An
average deployment costs $100,000. w

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Computerworld, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           October 4, 2006 Wednesday

REGIONAL DIGEST

SECTION: INSIDE; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 359  words


Prison guard charged in Net sex sting

BALTIMORE - Federal authorities yesterday arrested a 57-year-old Maryland
correctional officer on charges of attempting to sexually exploit a minor over
the Internet.

Daniel Charles Trader of Pocomoke City was indicted last month by a federal
grand jury on charges of attempting to sexually exploit a minor in order to
produce visual depictions of sexual conduct; and distribution and possession of
material depicting minors engaged in sexually explicit conduct.

Mr. Trader is a guard at the Eastern Correctional Institution in Westover in
Somerset County, the U.S. attorney's office said.

Authorities said Mr. Trader initiated an Internet relationship with an
individual he believed to be a 15-year-old girl, but who actually was an
undercover officer with the Wheaton, Ill., Police Department.

Beginning in March 2005, Mr. Trader left off-line messages, and initiated
approximately 32 online chat sessions with the undercover officer, repeatedly
engaging in sexually explicit discussions, prosecutors said.

During those conversations, Mr. Trader allegedly broadcast streaming video of
himself engaged in sexually explicit conduct.

Fire ants found at Rehoboth Beach

DOVER, Del. - A colony of red imported fire ants has been found at a Rehoboth
area neighborhood, state agriculture officials said.

The discovery marks the third fire ant infestation in Rehoboth this year,
compared to one last year.

Fire ants, which are native to South America but were introduced to the United
States in the 1930s, can cause significant agricultural damage and pose a threat
to animals and humans as well. The ants build mounds that can reach 18 inches
high and three feet wide. When the nest is disturbed, the fire ants swarm en
masse, attacking the intruder with painful stings. Venom from multiple stings
can be fatal.

Maryland lotteries

Drawn Oct. 3 (night): Pick 3, 9-9-6; Pick 4, 0-7-0-3; Bonus Match 5:
08-09-11-18-28 Bonus Ball 30.

Mega Millions: 06-19-32-33-40. Mega Ball: 39. The next jackpot in the multistate
Mega Millions lottery drawing will be worth an estimated $25 million.

Drawn Oct. 3 (afternoon): Pick 3, 4-6-6; Pick 4, 2-1-3-6.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Idaho Falls Post Register

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday

Local column: Land transfer would exploit Idaho

BYLINE: Jason Joyner, Writer

LENGTH: 518 words

DATELINE: Idaho Falls, ID


This is the Idaho that I want to leave to my kids. But if certain parties have
their way, this Idaho could be in danger, writes Jason Joyner.

By Jason Joyner

In the 1950s, a man traveled from North Carolina to Idaho for the first time. He
fell in love with the mountains, the rivers and streams and the wide open
spaces. The rugged landscape of the West captivated this man looking for his
place in the world. He married a local girl and settled down to raise a family.

The Idaho landscape is what kept my father here after that visit. This is the
Idaho that I want to leave to my kids. But if certain parties have their way,
this Idaho could be in danger.

A movement is considering land transfers from federal to state control. It has
gained ground in Utah, and hearings have taken place with Idaho legislators as
well. The proponents cite the large percentage of federal land in Western
states. They suggest that poor federal management affects the forests and
wildlands, and that local control would be more efficient.

Certainly the federal government in general has problems with efficiency, and in
principle local management can be more effective than far away control. The loss
of taxable land does impact Idaho counties, especially rural ones.

However, land transfer is not in our state's best interest. Part of the land
transfer movement wants to exploit natural resources from logging, mining, and
possible energy deposits, currently protected from development by federal
management.

This sets up the potential for horrible misuse of Idaho resources by greedy
appetites, which would be to the detriment of our kids and grandkids. Where are
the restraints if the decision makers choose to exploit a resource to its
fullest extent? Some talk from land transfer advocates makes plain that they
want all the money they can from these resources.

People in general are not always good about thinking through the long-term
interest or ramifications of resource management. There may be room for focused
culling of timber from forest land to improve the overall health of the habitat,
or perhaps a mineral resource extraction would have minimal impact to a
wilderness region. But what would guarantee the state wouldn't push limited,
targeted use to wholesale abuse?

I'm afraid that local or state control would be too vulnerable to political
movements that would choose expediency over the long-term management of a
resource. Our country already suffers in the general budget with selfishness of
the current needs over the legacy that our kids will inherit.

America has benefited greatly from the wisdom of our forefathers that set aside
lands to enjoy in a natural state. Can we imagine what life would be like in
eastern Idaho without Yellowstone or Grand Teton?

We haven't proven good enough stewards of what we've been given to have access
to wilderness when there's a potential to strip the land. If our public lands
stay in a place that isn't subject to whim, then we have a greater chance of
passing on true wilderness to our children.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           February 26, 2013 Tuesday

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 569 words


HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) - Facebook offered assurances Monday that the social media
site is removing some posts and so-called tribute pages related to the Sandy
Hook Elementary School shooting over concerns they're being used to exploit the
tragedy.

Echoing complaints already brought by some Sandy Hook families and state
officials, Connecticut's two U.S. senators, Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy,
and U.S. Rep. Elizabeth Esty requested the removal of offending pages in a
letter to Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg Monday morning.

The lawmakers said some pages purportedly set up to honor the victims of the
Dec. 14 shooting in Newtown have been used to exploit or harass the victims'
families and could be used as vehicles for financial fraud. State Attorney
General George Jepsen said his office raised similar concerns with Facebook over
the weekend.

Jodi Seth, a Facebook spokesperson, said in a statement that the company has
been working closely since December with Jepsen's office, the families and their
representatives to respond quickly to concerns with dedicated staff handling
complaints over Sandy Hook pages.

In Monday's letter, the lawmakers many pages still online appear to violate
Facebook's own terms of use, which prohibit users from creating accounts for
anyone other than themselves. They said more than 100 pages are dedicated just
one of the victims, slain teacher Victoria Soto.

Some of those contain postings from conspiracy theorists who claim the shootings
were staged, and that Soto and others were actors.

"Certainly there have been many, too many, of these pages that are intimidating
or harassing or exploitive," U.S. Sen. Richard Blumenthal said. "I'm pleased
that Facebook has responded positively."

The lawmakers said Facebook also had received complaints from Soto's family and
the family of Kaitlin Roig, a first-grade teacher who survived the shooting and
has been credited with saving the lives of her students by locking the class in
a small bathroom and barricading the door.

A Facebook page titled "Kaitlin Roig is a Hero" contains numerous well-wishes
but also prompted abusive posts, such as one that reads, "Congratulations
Kaitlin or whatever your name is.. Now you're famous and got to meet the
'President.' You ought to be ashamed of yourself."

That post was still on the page Monday afternoon.

Jepsen said his office spoke with Facebook officials about the problem on
Saturday and the site promised to continue to work with his office to remove
postings designed to harass or intimidate the victims or their families.

"Facebook also will treat pages being used unlawfully to solicit donations in
the names of the Newtown victims similarly," Jepsen said.

There has been one fraud arrest already connected to a Sandy Hook Facebook
posting.

Nouel Alba, a 37-year-old New York City woman, is accused of using her Facebook
account, telephone calls and text messages to seek donations for what she called
a "funeral fund." She allegedly told one donor that she had to enter the scene
of the mass shooting in Newtown to identify her nephew, according to the
criminal complaint. Jury selection in her trial has been scheduled for March.

Blumenthal said they are not asking that all Sandy Hook-related tribute or
donation pages be removed, just the ones that are not authorized by the
families.

"Facebook needs to follow its own rules, and enforce those rules," Blumenthal
said.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             May 21, 2003 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

'Crab gets 1 more shot at Final 4

BYLINE: Steve Master Prep Editor

SECTION: B; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 583  words

DATELINE: ORMOND BEACH


There's a touch of symbolism in Seabreeze coach Anthony Campanella's decision to
name senior Cheyne Hurst the starting pitcher for today's state Class 4A
semifinal against Fernandina Beach.

As the lone starter remaining from Seabreeze's 2001 state runner- up squad,
Hurst will be the game's only player with significant playing time at sprawling
Legends Field, spring training home of the New York Yankees.

And that's an edge unranked Seabreeze (20-10) feels it can exploit -- and must
exploit -- against fifth- ranked Fernandina Beach (27- 5), which is making its
first-ever trip to Tampa.

"You're always a little more calm when you've been there before," said Hurst,
one of six players remaining from Seabreeze's 2001 roster but the only one to
see significant playing time in the Final Four. "We have the same intensity as
2001. Everybody's pumped up, but we're also more relaxed."

Fernandina Beach has some sources of comfort as well entering the 10 a.m.
contest. The Pirates enjoyed a regular season far superior to Seabreeze's, going
23-2 over their last 25 games and winning 15 games against playoff teams.

Three of the Pirates' five losses came against defending state champ
Jacksonville Bishop Kenny, which was ranked first in the state before falling to
Fernandina Beach 4-3 in the regional final.

"They'll be tough," junior pitcher/designated hitter Brian Kelley said.
"Pitching and defense will be the key. The offensive attack will come, but
pitching and defense will be the key to winning."

Campanella struggled to decide between lefties Kelley, the team's ace most of
the season, and Hurst, who pitched rarely during the regular season because of
arm problems.

The coach said he chose Hurst (3-0, 2.59 ERA) based on the senior's stellar
performance in a regional semifinal win at New Port Richey Ridgewood, a team
Campanella said is similar offensively to Fernandina Beach.

"They're not overpowering, but they play small ball very well," Campanella said.
"One through nine, they can bunt. So, defensively, we need to make every play
hit to us.

"We need to execute everything."

Ace right-hander Matt Davis (9-1, 1.66 ERA) starts for the Pirates, who have
allowed three runs or fewer in 26 of their 32 games. Davis, a junior, throws in
the mid- to upper-80s and relies heavily on a slider. He's fanned 83 in 76
innings and beat Bishop Kenny in the regional championship game.

Davis is also the team's top hitter, batting .398 with a team- high eight home
runs and 12 doubles. Doug Gies is batting .369 with 12 doubles.

The Seabreeze offense, which has sizzled throughout the post- season, is led by
catcher Dale Cornelius (.427, 5 HRs), sophomore outfielder Walker Grindle
(.426), and senior first baseman Josh Ridenour (.365, 10 doubles, 5 HRs).

Hurst and senior Tyler Smith are the only current Seabreeze players that saw
action in the 2001 Final Four.

Smith was a pinch-runner and stole a base in a come-from-behind semifinal win
over Cape Coral, while Hurst started both games in left field and pitched 2 2/3
innings in relief of losing pitcher Robbie Cloar in the 5-1 loss to Godby.

Kelley, Cornelius, shortstop David Waltrip and pitcher Travis Rice made the trip
but did not play.

"If you look at (the game) record-wise, they have the much better record,"
Campanella said. "Experience-wise, we think we have the advantage. We have six
players that have been there, that know the atmosphere and know how to handle
it.

"This is (Fernandina Beach's) first time being there."

steve.master@news-jrnl.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Caption: Cheyne Hurst

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2003 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2003 News-Journal Corporation


                              124 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 25, 2011 Tuesday

Family keeps ancestor's exploits alive in Ford County, beyond

BYLINE: Kathy Hanks, The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 806 words


Jan. 25--DODGE CITY -- Charles Goodnight was a young man when Kansas joined the
Union.

A 25-year-old on Jan. 29, 1861, he was well-versed in running cattle along
trails with his partner Oliver Loving. Together, they were herding cattle
through Indian Territory, and Kansas to the Rocky Mountain mining camps that
were just getting their start.

Today, 150 years later, the past is not lost on Charles Goodnight's
great-great-nephew T. Kim Goodnight, who chairs the Ford County Commission at
this end of the trail.

Kim Goodnight was raised in Meade, well aware of the historical legend who was
also a relative. Great-great-uncle Charlie was the prototype for Capt. Call in
Larry McMurtry's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel "Lonesome Dove," Kim Goodnight
said.

In his early years, "The colonel was attached to the Frontier Regiment during
the Civil War and spent most of the war chasing marauding Indians and border
toughs while ranging from the Canadian to the Colorado and Brazos headwaters,"
according the Texas State Historical Society.

"We grew up hearing the stories," Goodnight said. "My father, Don Goodnight, was
the noted family historian. When he passed away, I became family historian."

Excitedly, he speaks of documentation of a conversation between Col. Goodnight
and Kim's great-grandfather Frank Goodnight. In the letter, Frank referred to
the colonel as "Uncle Charlie." The letter stated that he would be sending him
13 buffalo for the family ranch at Englewood on the Kansas/Oklahoma border about
50 miles south of Dodge City. The plan was to breed the buffalo with cattle to
get a hybrid cattalo.

"They were trying to cross-breed the hardiness of the buffalo with cattle to
produce this larger animal that was susceptible to the western Kansas range. The
breeding of the two varieties didn't have as much success as they had hoped.

"My great-grandfather got tired of the buffalo tearing up the fences; they were
a big animal and hard to keep fenced in," Goodnight said.

The family ended up turning them over to Finney County's Sandsage Bison Range,
which was established in 1916.

Being linked to the colonel brought a lot of pride in the family,

"He never had children, but sought fame and fortune with cattle," Goodnight
said. "We had many family trips to Palo Duro Canyon in West Texas." That's where
the colonel constructed his first temporary living quarter; a dugout topped with
cottonwood and cedar logs, according to the Texas State Historical Association.
Kim and his family would also visit with museum curators in Clarendon, Texas.

"The curators always wanted information dad had, and we wanted any they had," he
said.

Along with raising cattle, the colonel worked with bringing law and order to the
Panhandle.

His most famous steer was Old Blue, also a legend known for leading all the
cattle north to Dodge City in the 1870s, to the nearest railhead.

"According to legend, this steer helped lead 1,000 head the 250 miles to Dodge
City," Goodnight said. "He hung a bell around Old Blue's neck."

Today, Kim Goodnight is a proud owner of a children's book about "Old Blue"
leading the cattle to Dodge City. The old book dates back to 1916 and has been
passed down through generations.

Another treasure is a copy of an old silent film starring Col. Goodnight.

"He hired a Hollywood producer to make a short movie of his life," Kim Goodnight
said. "It was an old black and white with subtitles."

Compared to today's standards of movie making, it's primitive.

"In one subtitle, 'The wind sure blows on the Texas prairies,' it looks like
someone is heaving tumbleweeds above the camera," he said.

Along with serving as a commissioner for the past 11 years, Kim Goodnight is on
the board of Boot Hill Museum and helped to start the Kansas Cowboy Hall of Fame
that recently inducted Kim's father, Don.

Like the Goodnights before him, Kim is blazing a new trail. He is finishing up
degree in Wichita State University's Masters in Public Administration program.
He will finish out his term as county commissioner and try life on the other
side of politics.

His great-great-uncle lived to be 95, and he is hoping for that kind of
longevity. He also feels he inherited his relatives' hopefulness in the future.

"He was a very optimistic man," Kim Goodnight said. "For somebody to take off
like that not knowing what was at the other end or knowing if he could market
the animals. Those were great qualities." Everybody has a story to tell. Please
contact me at khanks@hutchnews.com or call me at 620-6945700, ext.348

To see more of The Hutchinson News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.hutchnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Hutchinson News, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110125-VZ-Family-keeps-ancestor-s-exploits
-alive-in-Ford-County-beyond-0125-20110125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2011 The Hutchinson News


                              125 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           November 29, 2005 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

STATE LAWMAKERS CONSIDER SPACEPORT;
A LEGISLATOR WANTS TO ESTABLISH A LAUNCH SITE NEAR SHEBOYGAN.

BYLINE: JASON STEIN jstein@madison.com 608-252-6154

SECTION: LOCAL/WISCONSIN; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 492 words


When state Sen. Joe Leibham went looking for co-sponsors for a bill that could
lead to a spaceport in Sheboygan, he was careful to stress one thing to fellow
lawmakers -- "This isn't a joke."

In a hearing before the Senate's economic development committee Monday, Leibham,
R-Sheboygan, said the bill could exploit a growing push toward private space
travel.

"This is a serious economic development proposal," Leibham said in an aside
during the hearing. "In this case the sky isn't even the limit."

Leibham and a squad of industry supporters and local boosters reached for the
stars with their hearing rhetoric, describing a site that would exploit the
nearby presence of Lake Michigan to launch "space tourists" and draw dollars to
the area. But questions from legislators and a state airport group kept the talk
grounded, at least for Monday, delaying until at least today the committee's
vote on the bill to create a special authority to develop the spaceport.

Can the bill, much less an actual spaceport, achieve liftoff?

Todd Allbaugh, spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Dale Schultz, R-Richland
Center, called the proposal "intriguing," saying his boss "continues to be very
interested in any idea that would help Wisconsin capture federal dollars."

As with Cape Canaveral in Florida and other established launch sites, the site
would benefit from having water to the east where a rocket could harmlessly
fall, said George French, president and chief executive officer of Rocketplane
in Oklahoma City.

Supporters also pointed to Sheboygan's "Rocket for Schools" program in which
students already launch rockets that can rise over a mile.

"Sheboygan has positioned itself to become a suborbital spaceport," said French,
whose company is developing essentially a souped-up Lear jet that could take
advantage of a long-term market for rich passengers looking to experience space.

Sen. Russell Decker, D-Schofield, questioned whether spaceport plans ought to be
left to the private sector.

To be able to test how practical private investment really is, French said, the
state needs to create the Wisconsin Aerospace Authority. While not a state
agency, the tax-exempt body would have a board appointed largely by the governor
and could receive federal money. With lawmakers' approval, it could issue up to
$100 million in bonds that would be repaid through spaceport programs.

As the bill now stands, the authority could also use up to $10 million per
project taken from state Department of Transportation money set aside for
airports -- a detail that has drawn concern from both that state agency and the
Wisconsin Airport Management Association.

Leibham removed the clause Monday, setting up a vote by the committee as soon as
today so the Legislature's budget committee could take it up Wednesday. He
refused to speculate on what dollars or jobs a spaceport might bring, adding
that in the Legislature, "We always say this is not rocket science. Well, this
is."

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              126 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright 2017 Cofisem, Tous droits réservés

            COFISEM - Sociétés françaises & europ. cotées (Français)

                                  3 Mars 2017

                                Bank of America

            Bank of America Corporate Center 214 street North Tryon
                     Charlotte, North Carolina US-NC 28255
                                États-Unis (les)

* * * * * * * * * * COORDONNEES * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +1 7043865681
FAX: +1 7043866699
URL: http://www.bankofamerica.com
E-MAIL: i_r@bankofamerica.com

* * * * * * * * * * IDENTIFIANTS DE LA SOCIETE * * * * * * * * * *
CODE BOURSIER: 060505104
CODE ISIN: US0605051046
CODE BLOOMBERG: BAC:US
CODE REUTERS: BAC.N

* * * * * * * * * * INFORMATION SUR LA SOCIETE * * * * * * * * * *

DATE DE LA DERNIERE AGO/AGM CONNUE (PASSEE OU FUTURE):  27 Avril 2016

* * * * * * * * * * DIRIGEANTS DE LA SOCIETE  * * * * * * * * * *




Personnes
Nom                           Titre                         Fonction
Monsieur Brian T. Moynihan    Président-Directeur général
Monsieur Ross E. Jeffries     Secrétaire Général
Monsieur Paul M. Donofrio     Finances

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
SECTEUR D'ACTIVITE: Banque

* * * * * * * * * * MARCHES - SECTEURS * * * * * * * * * *
MARCHES - PROFIL: Bank of America est un groupe bancaire organisé autour de 4
pôles d'activités :
 - banque commerciale (40,1% des revenus) ;
 - banque d'affaires et d'investissement (31,9%) ;
 - gestion de fortune et gestion d'actifs (15,5%) ;
 - banque de marché (12,5%).
 A fin 2016, le groupe gère 1 1196,6 MdsEUR d'encours de dépôts et 849 MdsEUR
d'encours de crédits.
 La répartition géographique des revenus est la suivante : Etats-Unis (90,8%),
Europe-Moyen Orient-Afrique (5,2%), Asie (2,7%), Amérique latine et Caraïbes
(1,3%).

* * * * * * * * * * BILAN * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Banque GE/GVE


Actif (Unité : en milliers d'Euros)
                                                   2016        2015        2014
Crédits                                      1187657984  1186781952  1143640576
Immobilisations                                79518016    81723872    80145408
Autres actifs                                 809309376   766799232   773759424
Total de bilan                               2076485376  2035305088  1997545472
Capitaux propres                              253274608   243180256   231093632
Prov. et dettes sub.                                  -           -           -
Dettes rep. titres                            325826720   351451264   375310368
Dépôts                                       1358465536  1301824256  1253097088
Autres passifs                                138918528   138849232   138044336

* * * * * * * * * * COMPTE DE RESULTAT * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Banque GE/GVE


(Unité : en milliers d'Euros)
                                                   2016        2015        2014
Produits d'exploit.                            48461408    47268308    48299100
Charges d'exploit.                              9454611    10012719    10378146
PGE                                            79445880    78312576    79964120
Ch. gales d'exploit.                           51464556    53492920    70409848
Impôts                                          6878583     5947454     1919207
Résultat net                                   16995710    15080299     4587304
RN part du groupe                              16995710    15080299     4587304

* * * * * * * * * * DONNEES FINANCIERES - PAR TRIMESTRE * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Banque Conso Intermediaire Etrangere


(Unité : en milliers d'Euros)
                                                   2016        2015        2014
Revenu 1er Trimestre                           18520064    20124150    21609590
Revenu 2è Trimestre                            19361024    20992634    20450662
Revenu 3è Trimestre                            22591024    19849842    20130794
Revenu 4è Trimestre                            18973764    17345950    18585558
Revenu 1er Semestre                            37881088    41116784    42060252
Revenu Second Semestre                                -    37195792    38716352
Revenu Annuel                                  79445880    78312576    80776600

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Ratio Banque GE/GVE
                                                   2016        2015        2014
RN/Capitaux propres                                6,71        6,20        1,99
RN/PGE                                            21,39       19,26        5,74
Frais de pers./PGE                                37,77       39,84       40,10
Effectif                                              -           -           -

* * * * * * * * * * INFORMATION SUR LES VALEURS BOURSIERES * * * * * * * * * *
MARCHE DE COTATION: Main Market
PLACE DE COTATION:  NYSE
PAYS DE COTATION:  États-Unis (les)
VALUERS-INDICES: SP100, SP500, Stoxx Americas 100, Stoxx Global 200, Stoxx
NorthAmerica 50, Stoxx USA 50
ACTIONNAIRES:



Sociétés
Nom de la société                    Symbole     % Actions
Vanguard Group                       =           5,83
State Street Corporation             =           4,10
BlackRock Fund Advisors              =           2,91
Fidelity Management and Research     =           2,58
Dodge & Cox                          =           2,09

DATE-CHARGEMENT: 4 Mars 2017


                              127 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright 2017 Cofisem, Tous droits réservés

            COFISEM - Sociétés françaises & europ. cotées (Français)

                                  3 Mars 2017

                                   Citigroup

                              388 street Greenwich
                      New York City, New York US-NY 10013
                                États-Unis (les)

* * * * * * * * * * COORDONNEES * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +1 212 559 2718
URL: http://www.citigroup.com
E-MAIL: investorrelations@citi.com

* * * * * * * * * * IDENTIFIANTS DE LA SOCIETE * * * * * * * * * *
CODE BOURSIER: 1729674242
CODE ISIN: US1729674242
CODE BLOOMBERG: C:US
CODE DATASTREAM: U:C
CODE REUTERS: C.N

* * * * * * * * * * INFORMATION SUR LA SOCIETE * * * * * * * * * *

DATE DE LA DERNIERE AGO/AGM CONNUE (PASSEE OU FUTURE):  28 Avril 2015

* * * * * * * * * * DIRIGEANTS DE LA SOCIETE  * * * * * * * * * *




Personnes
Nom                           Titre                         Fonction
Monsieur Michael Corbat       Directeur Général
Monsieur Rohan Weerasinghe    Secrétaire Général
Monsieur John C. Gerspach     Finances
Monsieur Michael Murray       Directeur des Ressources
                              Humaines

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
SECTEUR D'ACTIVITE: Banque

* * * * * * * * * * MARCHES - SECTEURS * * * * * * * * * *
MARCHES - PROFIL: Citigroup est le 1er groupe bancaire mondial. Les revenus par
activité se répartissent comme suit :
 - banque commerciale (48,4%) : vente de produits et de services bancaires
classiques et spécialisés (crédit à la consommation, crédit-bail, etc.) ;
 - banque de marché et d'investissement (45,5%) : intermédiation financière,
interventions sur les marchés de taux, capital-investissement, etc. ;
 - autres (6,1%) : notamment banque privée et gestion de fonds d'investissements
alternatifs.
 A fin 2016, le groupe gère 887,4 MdsEUR d'encours de dépôts et 594,1 MdsEUR
d'encours de crédits.
 La commercialisation des produits et services est assurée au travers d'un
réseau de 2 649 agences dans le monde.
 La répartition géographique des revenus est la suivante : Amérique du Nord
(46,9%), Asie (19,8%), Amérique latine (12,9%), Europe-Moyen Orient-Afrique
(14,3%) et autres (6,1%).

* * * * * * * * * * BILAN * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Banque GE/GVE


Actif (Unité : en milliers d'Euros)
                                                   2015        2014        2013
Crédits                                       909073024   978974144  1045741120
Immobilisations                                24744674    28477732    31116404
Autres actifs                                 709382400   741409088   707931200
Total de bilan                               1643200128  1748861056  1784788608
Capitaux propres                              211750640   201265216   195653776
Prov. et dettes sub.                                  -           -           -
Dettes rep. titres                            322588160   131967800   103232848
Dépôts                                       1000781120  1073602816  1168162176
Autres passifs                                108080224   342025120   317739872

* * * * * * * * * * COMPTE DE RESULTAT * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Banque GE/GVE


(Unité : en milliers d'Euros)
                                                   2015        2014        2013
Produits d'exploit.                            66820112    70916704    72215152
Charges d'exploit.                             11314970    12994039    15354607
PGE                                            72472376    72973536    72483768
Ch. gales d'exploit.                           31108812    33616500    33368768
Impôts                                          7061771     6515053     5568738
Résultat net                                   16450890     7116823    13193363
RN part du groupe                              16365465     6941227    12977903

* * * * * * * * * * DONNEES FINANCIERES - PAR TRIMESTRE * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Banque Conso Intermediaire Etrangere


(Unité : en milliers d'Euros)
                                                   2016        2015        2014
Revenu 1er Trimestre                           16662553    18732678    19100952
Revenu 2è Trimestre                            16655909    18480200    18358708
Revenu 3è Trimestre                            16857132    17741752    18607388
Revenu 4è Trimestre                            16147158    17517750    16906488
Revenu 1er Semestre                            33318462    37212876    37459660
Revenu Second Semestre                         33004290    35259500    35513876
Revenu Annuel                                  66322752    72472376    72973536

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Ratio Banque GE/GVE
                                                   2015        2014        2013
RN/Capitaux propres                                7,77        3,54        6,74
RN/PGE                                            22,70        9,75       18,20
Frais de pers./PGE                                28,51       31,16       31,38
Effectif                                              -           -           -

* * * * * * * * * * INFORMATION SUR LES VALEURS BOURSIERES * * * * * * * * * *
MARCHE DE COTATION: Main Market
PLACE DE COTATION:  NYSE
PAYS DE COTATION:  États-Unis (les)
VALUERS-INDICES: SP100, SP500, Stoxx Americas 100, Stoxx Global 200, Stoxx
NorthAmerica 50, Stoxx USA 50
ACTIONNAIRES:



Sociétés
Nom de la société                    Symbole     % Actions
BlackRock Advisors LLC               =           6,84
Vanguard Group                       =           5,43
State Street Corporation             =           4,18
BlackRock Fund Advisors              =           3,01
Fidelity Management and Research     =           2,78
Company
Invesco Advisers                     =           1,46
Northern Trust Investments           =           1,34
Wellington Management Company        =           1,33
Capital World Investors              =           1,18
T. Rowe Price Associates             =           1,15

DATE-CHARGEMENT: 4 Mars 2017


                              128 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright 2017 Cofisem, Tous droits réservés

            COFISEM - Sociétés françaises & europ. cotées (Français)

                                  3 Mars 2017

                                  Wells Fargo

                             420 Montgomery Street
                     San Francisco, California US-CA 94104
                                États-Unis (les)

* * * * * * * * * * COORDONNEES * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +1 866 878 5865
URL: http://www.wellsfargo.com

* * * * * * * * * * IDENTIFIANTS DE LA SOCIETE * * * * * * * * * *
CODE BOURSIER: 949746101
CODE ISIN: US9497461015
CODE BLOOMBERG: WFC:US
CODE REUTERS: WFC.N

* * * * * * * * * * INFORMATION SUR LA SOCIETE * * * * * * * * * *

DATE DE LA DERNIERE AGO/AGM CONNUE (PASSEE OU FUTURE):  28 Avril 2015

* * * * * * * * * * DIRIGEANTS DE LA SOCIETE  * * * * * * * * * *




Personnes
Nom                           Titre                         Fonction
Monsieur John G. Stumpf       Président-Directeur général
Monsieur John Shrewsberry     Directeur Financier
Monsieur Anthony R. Augliera  Secrétaire Général
Monsieur Hope Hardison        Directeur des Ressources
                              Humaines

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
SECTEUR D'ACTIVITE: Banque

* * * * * * * * * * MARCHES - SECTEURS * * * * * * * * * *
MARCHES - PROFIL: Wells Fargo figure parmi les principaux groupes bancaires
américains. Le Produit Net Bancaire (avant éliminations intragroupe) par
activité se répartit comme suit :
 - banque de détail et commerciale (59,9%) : vente de produits et de services
bancaires classiques et spécialisés (crédit hypothécaire, crédit immobilier,
crédit à la consommation, assurance, etc.) ;
 - banque de financement, d'investissement et de marché (32,2%) ;
 - gestion de patrimoine, courtage et gestion de fonds de retraite (7,9%).
 A fin 2016, le groupe gère 1 239,5 MdsEUR d'encours de dépôts et 918,3 MdsEUR
d'encours de crédits.

* * * * * * * * * * BILAN * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Banque GE/GVE


Actif (Unité : en milliers d'Euros)
                                                   2015        2014        2013
Crédits                                      1133542400  1070875776   991883712
Immobilisations                                45518052    45966056    33024222
Autres actifs                                 517693312   484542848   424477952
Total de bilan                               1696753792  1601384704  1449385856
Capitaux propres                              184161312   175843808   162314432
Prov. et dettes sub.                                  -           -           -
Dettes rep. titres                            189392160   173642704   145220016
Dépôts                                       1253692160  1169205248  1075458432
Autres passifs                                 69508144    82692960    66392992

* * * * * * * * * * COMPTE DE RESULTAT * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Banque GE/GVE


(Unité : en milliers d'Euros)
                                                   2015        2014        2013
Produits d'exploit.                            68139448    66073124    54140248
Charges d'exploit.                              3773871     5144462     4070959
PGE                                            81682104    78734952    68988952
Ch. gales d'exploit.                           35924864    35250008    27234328
Impôts                                          9900717     9783021     9876039
Résultat net                                   22219902    22407836    21094194
RN part du groupe                              21857322    21884848    20765784

* * * * * * * * * * DONNEES FINANCIERES - PAR TRIMESTRE * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Banque Conso Intermediaire Etrangere


(Unité : en milliers d'Euros)
                                                   2016        2015        2014
Revenu 1er Trimestre                           21066668    20196286    19576484
Revenu 2è Trimestre                            21035346    20234254    19995064
Revenu 3è Trimestre                            21192908    20095676    20134590
Revenu 4è Trimestre                            20484832    21196704    20308288
Revenu 1er Semestre                            42102016    40430540    39571548
Revenu Second Semestre                         41677740    41292380    40442880
Revenu Annuel                                  83779752    81722920    80014424

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Ratio Banque GE/GVE
                                                   2015        2014        2013
RN/Capitaux propres                               12,07       12,74       13,00
RN/PGE                                            27,20       28,46       30,58
Frais de pers./PGE                                23,62       24,08       27,77
Effectif                                              -           -           -

* * * * * * * * * * INFORMATION SUR LES VALEURS BOURSIERES * * * * * * * * * *
MARCHE DE COTATION: Main Market
PLACE DE COTATION:  NYSE
PAYS DE COTATION:  États-Unis (les)
VALUERS-INDICES: SP100, SP500, Stoxx Americas 100, Stoxx Global 200, Stoxx
NorthAmerica 50, Stoxx USA 50
ACTIONNAIRES:



Sociétés
Nom de la société                    Symbole     % Actions
Berkshire Hathaway                   =           9,45
Vanguard Group                       =           5,55
State Street Corporation             =           3,78
BlackRock Fund Advisors              =           2,73
Wellington Management Company        =           2,59
Fidelity Management and Research     =           2,43
Company
Capital World Investors              =           2,28
Columbia Insurance Company           =           1,46
J.P. Morgan Investment Management    =           1,36
Dodge & Cox                          =           1,34

DATE-CHARGEMENT: 4 Mars 2017


                              129 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 10, 2012 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Game Over for the Climate

BYLINE: By JAMES HANSEN.

James Hansen directs the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies and is the
author of ''Storms of My Grandchildren.''

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED CONTRIBUTOR; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 946 words


GLOBAL warming isn't a prediction. It is happening. That is why I was so
troubled to read a recent interview with President Obama in Rolling Stone in
which he said that Canada would exploit the oil in its vast tar sands reserves
''regardless of what we do.''

If Canada proceeds, and we do nothing, it will be game over for the climate.

Canada's tar sands, deposits of sand saturated with bitumen, contain twice the
amount of carbon dioxide emitted by global oil use in our entire history. If we
were to fully exploit this new oil source, and continue to burn our conventional
oil, gas and coal supplies, concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere
eventually would reach levels higher than in the Pliocene era, more than 2.5
million years ago, when sea level was at least 50 feet higher than it is now.
That level of heat-trapping gases would assure that the disintegration of the
ice sheets would accelerate out of control. Sea levels would rise and destroy
coastal cities. Global temperatures would become intolerable. Twenty to 50
percent of the planet's species would be driven to extinction. Civilization
would be at risk.

That is the long-term outlook. But near-term, things will be bad enough. Over
the next several decades, the Western United States and the semi-arid region
from North Dakota to Texas will develop semi-permanent drought, with rain, when
it does come, occurring in extreme events with heavy flooding. Economic losses
would be incalculable. More and more of the Midwest would be a dust bowl.
California's Central Valley could no longer be irrigated. Food prices would rise
to unprecedented levels.

If this sounds apocalyptic, it is. This is why we need to reduce emissions
dramatically. President Obama has the power not only to deny tar sands oil
additional access to Gulf Coast refining, which Canada desires in part for
export markets, but also to encourage economic incentives to leave tar sands and
other dirty fuels in the ground.

The global warming signal is now louder than the noise of random weather, as I
predicted would happen by now in the journal Science in 1981. Extremely hot
summers have increased noticeably. We can say with high confidence that the
recent heat waves in Texas and Russia, and the one in Europe in 2003, which
killed tens of thousands, were not natural events -- they were caused by
human-induced climate change.

We have known since the 1800s that carbon dioxide traps heat in the atmosphere.
The right amount keeps the climate conducive to human life. But add too much, as
we are doing now, and temperatures will inevitably rise too high. This is not
the result of natural variability, as some argue. The earth is currently in the
part of its long-term orbit cycle where temperatures would normally be cooling.
But they are rising -- and it's because we are forcing them higher with fossil
fuel emissions.

The concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has risen from 280 parts
per million to 393 p.p.m. over the last 150 years. The tar sands contain enough
carbon -- 240 gigatons -- to add 120 p.p.m. Tar shale, a close cousin of tar
sands found mainly in the United States, contains at least an additional 300
gigatons of carbon. If we turn to these dirtiest of fuels, instead of finding
ways to phase out our addiction to fossil fuels, there is no hope of keeping
carbon concentrations below 500 p.p.m. -- a level that would, as earth's history
shows, leave our children a climate system that is out of their control.

We need to start reducing emissions significantly, not create new ways to
increase them. We should impose a gradually rising carbon fee, collected from
fossil fuel companies, then distribute 100 percent of the collections to all
Americans on a per-capita basis every month. The government would not get a
penny. This market-based approach would stimulate innovation, jobs and economic
growth, avoid enlarging government or having it pick winners or losers. Most
Americans, except the heaviest energy users, would get more back than they paid
in increased prices. Not only that, the reduction in oil use resulting from the
carbon price would be nearly six times as great as the oil supply from the
proposed pipeline from Canada, rendering the pipeline superfluous, according to
economic models driven by a slowly rising carbon price.

But instead of placing a rising fee on carbon emissions to make fossil fuels pay
their true costs, leveling the energy playing field, the world's governments are
forcing the public to subsidize fossil fuels with hundreds of billions of
dollars per year. This encourages a frantic stampede to extract every fossil
fuel through mountaintop removal, longwall mining, hydraulic fracturing, tar
sands and tar shale extraction, and deep ocean and Arctic drilling.

President Obama speaks of a ''planet in peril,'' but he does not provide the
leadership needed to change the world's course. Our leaders must speak candidly
to the public -- which yearns for open, honest discussion -- explaining that our
continued technological leadership and economic well-being demand a reasoned
change of our energy course. History has shown that the American public can rise
to the challenge, but leadership is essential.

The science of the situation is clear -- it's time for the politics to follow.
This is a plan that can unify conservatives and liberals, environmentalists and
business. Every major national science academy in the world has reported that
global warming is real, caused mostly by humans, and requires urgent action. The
cost of acting goes far higher the longer we wait -- we can't wait any longer to
avoid the worst and be judged immoral by coming generations.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY JOHNNY SELMAN)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              130 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 16, 2013 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 941 words

SOCIAL MEDIA

Facebook probing hacker attack

 Facebook said it was targeted in a "sophisticated attack" last month by
hackers.

An investigation is ongoing, and Facebook hasn't found any evidence that user
data were compromised, the Menlo Park, Calif.-based company said Friday on its
Web site. Malware was installed on laptops used by Facebook employees when they
visited a mobile developer's Web site, the company said.

Facebook, which stores sensitive information about its more than 1 billion
members on its network, often grapples with hackers trying to access data and
the company's infrastructure. Facebook has a team dedicated to detecting and
responding to such attacks, and it said it's successful in preventing attacks
the "vast majority of the time."

"As soon as we discovered the presence of the malware, we remediated all
infected machines, informed law enforcement, and began a significant
investigation that continues to this day," Facebook said.

The Web site where the attack originated used a previously unseen exploit to
bypass built-in protections to install malware. Facebook immediately reported
the exploit to Oracle, which owns the Java software that was compromised. Oracle
provided a patch Feb. 1 that addresses this vulnerability, Facebook said.

- Bloomberg News

LEGAL

Greenlight objects to Apple vote bundling

Greenlight Capital said Apple is violating the law by packaging a measure to
limit the offering of preferred shares with other matters up for a shareholder
vote.

David Einhorn's investment firm said in a brief filed Friday in Manhattan
federal court that Apple's move would cause "an actual and imminent injury" to
investors. The Feb. 27 vote should be stopped unless Apple unbundles the
measures and allows each to be considered separately, Greenlight said in the
filing.

Shareholders "will have been irrevocably stripped of their right to fair
corporate suffrage - the very right the unbundling rules were designed to
vindicate," Greenlight said in the filing, referring to the Securities and
Exchange Commission "unbundling" rules the investment firm alleges Apple is
violating.

Apple said in a filing Wednesday that it isn't breaking SEC rules and that the
preferred share measure isn't as restrictive as Greenlight alleges.

Einhorn, whose firm says it holds more than 1.3 million Apple shares, has argued
that Apple should issue high-yielding preferred shares to return value to
investors from a $137 billion cash hoard.

Apple contends the measure that Greenlight opposes only eliminates "blank check"
preferred-stock provisions. Without those provisions, preferred shares could be
issued as long as investors approve, Apple said.

- Bloomberg News

Also in Business

lAirbus has dropped lithium-ion batteries of the type that forced the grounding
of Boeing's 787 Dreamliner and will use traditional nickel-cadmium batteries in
its next passenger jet, the A350. The European planemaker said Friday it made
the decision to adopt the batteries used on existing models to prevent delays in
the A350's entry to service next year, amid uncertainty over the potential
fallout of Boeing's problems. All 50 787s around the world were grounded last
month after a battery caught fire on a plane parked in Boston, and another
smoldered, prompting an emergency landing in Japan.

lBillionaire investor Carl Icahn took a 13 percent holding in Herbalife and said
he would seek talks with the nutritional-supplements company, raising the stakes
in a public dispute with rival hedge-fund manager Bill Ackman over whether the
company is a legitimate business. Icahn, 76, said strategic alternatives for
Herbalife may include taking it private, according to a filing Thursday with the
Securities and Exchange Commission in which he reported his stake. Herbalife
rose 1.2 percent after gaining as much as 17 percent earlier. Ackman disclosed
in December that his Pershing Square Capital Management had sold short 20
million shares of Herbalife, calling the company a pyramid scheme.

lU.S. factories slowed production in January after two solid months of cranking
out goods. The weakness mainly reflected a big drop in output at auto factories
that is probably temporary. Manufacturing output fell 0.4 percent in January
from December, the Federal Reserve said Friday. The decline followed increases
of 1.1 percent in December and 1.7 percent in November.

lBMW is recalling more than 30,000 sport-utility vehicles to fix an oil leak
that can knock out the power-assisted braking. The German automaker said the
recall covers X5 SUVs in the United States from the 2007 through 2010 model
years. The vehicles, which have eight-cylinder engines, were made between Sept.
12, 2006, and March 18, 2010.

lAllThingsD, the widely read technology blog run by Kara Swisher and Walt
Mossberg, has begun discussions with owner News Corp. about extending or ending
their partnership, sources familiar with the situation told Reuters. According
to the sources, AllThingsD's contract with News Corp. expires at the end of the
year. One of the sources said Swisher and Mossberg have to deliver a business
plan by next week to Robert Thomson, the former Wall Street Journal managing
editor who will become chief executive of News Corp.'s publishing unit after it
is spun off. The fact that AllThingsD's contract is up this year is well known,
and sources said the Web site is receiving a lot of "inbound interest" from
potential buyers parallel to its talks with News Corp.

- From news services

Coming Next Week

lIn Sunday Business: Could Stanley Fischer, who saved Israel's economy, be Ben
S. Bernanke's replacement at the Fed?

lMonday: All markets closed for Presidents' Day.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                  July 9, 2001

Firm Tracks Threats, Not Vulnerabilities;
TruSecure aims to monitor what hackers really exploit; some say thats not so
easy

BYLINE: Dan Verton

SECTION: NEWS - HIGH; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1147 words

Companies today are at as much risk of falling victim to security information
overload as they are of getting hacked. The number of security advisory services
that claim to offer a way to stay ahead of the hundreds of technical
vulnerabilities discovered each day has made it virtually impossible for
companies to know for sure if they're getting the right information.

TruSecure Corp., a Reston, Va.-based security firm, claims it has an answer.
Using the client base of 36,000 Internet-connected systems it monitors,
TruSecure is developing a threat database that it says will rightfully shift the
discussion toward a more effective security model: from one of what
vulnerabilities are out there to one that highlights what hackers are actually
doing.

Other organizations use a similar approach, but the TruSecure database would
power the first alert service based exclusively on threat data pertaining to
hacker activity and not on vulnerabilities in general. "A vulnerability without
a threat isn't worrisome," said Peter Tippett, TruSecure's chief technologist.
"We're focused on risk . . . where there are both vulnerable systems and people
shooting."

The threat database will complement TruSecure's vulnerability database. It will
be offered in conjunction with the company's quarterly list of the top 10 hacker
exploits that it says are responsible for 99% of all successful network
intrusions (see chart).

"If we focus on protecting against the stuff that really happens, then we're
protecting against the relevant stuff," he said. "A quarterly upgrade of systems
gets you a twentyfold reduction of risk." TruSecure couldn't say when the
database would be completed.

Other security experts and analysts agreed with Tippett's general argument and
acknowledged the need for threat information. But most questioned the ability of
any one vendor to collect enough detailed information to be able to determine
what exploits hackers are actually using. They also pointed to potential
problems with TruSecure's focus on what Tippett calls "the easy stuff."

"They're completely right. Looking at a hundred vulnerabilities a day does
nothing for you," said Tim Belcher, chief technology officer at security
monitoring firm RipTech Inc. in Alexandria, Va. "However, I'm sure that without
a very good monitoring base, it would be very difficult to tell what is being
done successfully."

One organization that tries to offer both vulnerability reporting and threat
data is the CERT Coordination Center at Carnegie Mellon University in
Pittsburgh.

"We go to great pains to understand which vulnerabilities are most serious and
which are most likely to be exploited by hackers," said Shawn Hernan, team
leader for vulnerability handling at CERT.

Hernan also warned against focusing too much energy on the easy exploits.

"Intruders are adaptive and trying to get too simplistic just causes the
intruders to pick something else," he said. "If you fix the top 10
[vulnerabilities], they'll pick No. 11 or No. 26."

John Pescatore, an analyst at Stamford, Conn.-based Gartner Inc., acknowledged
that analyzing threats has its merits. But he also questioned the ability to
know for sure what exploits are being used and warned that by focusing too much
on random attacks, some companies could be lulled into thinking they aren't
vulnerable to specific, targeted attacks.

"If the vulnerability exists, sooner or later someone will shoot at it," said
Keith Morgan, chief of information security at Terradon Communications Group LLC
in Nitro, W.Va. "Plug them all. But plug the hot ones first."


LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Computerworld, Inc.


                              132 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                            January 5, 2008 Saturday

New series is big hit; Alan Thicke a hoot as the boozing, degenerate father
figure on JPod

BYLINE: Lee-Anne Goodman THE CANADIAN PRESS

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. F8

LENGTH: 557  words


Alan Thicke is arguably best known for his role as the sweet, warm- hearted
father on the American sitcom "Growing Pains."

And so those who fondly remember Jason Seaver may not believe their eyes when
they tune into the new CBC series, "JPod," premiering Tuesday night.

"I'm in love!" Thicke tells his 20-something son, Ethan, of the young woman he's
bedding who's a former classmate of the boy's. "She's a mechanical bull in the
sack -- my thighs are bruised like a crate of plums!"

The 60-year-old Thicke giggles on the line from California, where he lives with
his third wife and youngest son, as he discusses the joy he takes in playing a
character so vastly different from the one he's most closely associated with.

"I read the script and thought this looks familiar in a very unfamiliar kind of
way, in a perverse kind of way," Thicke says of "JPod," based on the Douglas
Coupland novel about a group of disgruntled video game programmers in Vancouver.

"The family structure was there -- you know, young people growing up, finding
their way with dad somewhere in the background, but instead of offering that
paternal advice, this dad exploits them all.

"I exploit my kid to get a job, I exploit him to hook me up with his former
algebra classmate with whom I have a little fling but also to help me cover it
up with the wife, I exploit him to keep me supplied with rum and Gatorade during
the day, and at some point I even exploit him to nefariously hide a body. "

He's not the only degenerate on "JPod," which bills itself as a drama but is
filled with so many side-splitting moments in its first few episodes that it's
hard to fathom where the drama comes in. Black comedy is a more apt description.

Sherry Miller, a familiar Canadian television personality for decades, plays a
character with her own secrets -- she's running a wildly successful grow-op in
her basement while her husband (Thicke) is getting drunk and chasing young
women.

Thicke, who was born and raised in Kirkland Lake, Ont., agrees that the grow- op
subplot on "JPod" is a distinctly Canadian touch -- but adds he was surprised to
learn how common marijuana use is in his native land compared to when he was a
young university student.

"I went to the University of Western Ontario in the late '60s and I never heard
of pot until I moved to the U.S. Maybe I just didn't have the right friends or
something, but I was totally shielded from that whole scene. I never saw a
joint, I never heard of marijuana, I never knew a thing about it -- and then I
came to California and all hell breaks loose."

Thicke is coy when asked whether he has sampled weed in his many years living in
L.A., but says he impressed his adult sons -- including rock star Robin Thicke
-- after hanging out at a party with Snoop Dogg, the hip-hop star with a famous
dope habit.

"They were never prouder of me than when they heard Snoop Dogg say on a radio
show a few months ago that the weirdest person he'd ever smoked dope with was
Alan Thicke," he says with another infectious giggle.

"They started getting calls and people were saying: 'Did Snoop get the name
wrong? Did he mean Robin and said Alan?' What I copped to is that we were all at
a party together and Snoop was smoking so maybe that's what he meant ... all I
can say on this front is that if I were tested, it might have been second- hand
smoke."

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                             January 4, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Alan Thicke a hoot as the boozing, degenerate father figure on CBC's 'JPod'

BYLINE: Lee-Anne Goodman, Canadian Press

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 557  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Alan Thicke is arguably best known for his role as the sweet, warm-hearted
father on the American sitcom "Growing Pains."

And so those who fondly remember Jason Seaver may not believe their eyes when
they tune into the new CBC series, "JPod," premiering Tuesday night.

"I'm in love!" Thicke tells his 20-something son, Ethan, of the young woman he's
bedding who's a former classmate of the boy's. "She's a mechanical bull in the
sack -- my thighs are bruised like a crate of plums!"

The 60-year-old Thicke giggles on the line from California, where he lives with
his third wife and youngest son, as he discusses the joy he takes in playing a
character so vastly different from the one he's most closely associated with.

"I read the script and thought this looks familiar in a very unfamiliar kind of
way, in a perverse kind of way," Thicke says of "JPod," based on the Douglas
Coupland novel about a group of disgruntled video game programmers in Vancouver.

"The family structure was there -- you know, young people growing up, finding
their way with dad somewhere in the background, but instead of offering that
paternal advice, this dad exploits them all.

"I exploit my kid to get a job, I exploit him to hook me up with his former
algebra classmate with whom I have a little fling but also to help me cover it
up with the wife, I exploit him to keep me supplied with rum and Gatorade during
the day, and at some point I even exploit him to nefariously hide a body."

He's not the only degenerate on "JPod," which bills itself as a drama but is
filled with so many side-splitting moments in its first few episodes that it's
hard to fathom where the drama comes in. Black comedy is a more apt description.

Sherry Miller, a familiar Canadian television personality for decades, plays a
character with her own secrets -- she's running a wildly successful grow-op in
her basement while her husband (Thicke) is getting drunk and chasing young
women.

Thicke, who was born and raised in Kirkland Lake, Ont., agrees that the grow-op
subplot on "JPod" is a distinctly Canadian touch -- but adds he was surprised to
learn how common marijuana use is in his native land compared to when he was a
young university student.

"I went to the University of Western Ontario in the late '60s and I never heard
of pot until I moved to the U.S. Maybe I just didn't have the right friends or
something, but I was totally shielded from that whole scene. I never saw a
joint, I never heard of marijuana, I never knew a thing about it -- and then I
came to California and all hell breaks loose."

Thicke is coy when asked whether he has sampled weed in his many years living in
L.A., but says he impressed his adult sons -- including rock star Robin Thicke
-- after hanging out at a party with Snoop Dogg, the hip-hop star with a famous
dope habit.

"They were never prouder of me than when they heard Snoop Dogg say on a radio
show a few months ago that the weirdest person he'd ever smoked dope with was
Alan Thicke," he says with another infectious giggle.

"They started getting calls and people were saying: 'Did Snoop get the name
wrong? Did he mean Robin and said Alan?' What I copped to is that we were all at
a party together and Snoop was smoking so maybe that's what he meant ... all I
can say on this front is that if I were tested, it might have been second-hand
smoke."

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Associated Press; Alan Thicke and Sherry Miller as Jim and Carol
Jarlewski, in a scene from jPod, on CBC. Thicke, who was born and raised in
Kirkland Lake, Ont., agrees that the grow-op subplot on JPod is a distinctly
Canadian touch, but adds he was surprised to learn how common marijuana use is
in his native land compared to when he was a young university student. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright 2017 Cofisem, Tous droits réservés

            COFISEM - Sociétés françaises & europ. cotées (Français)

                                  3 Mars 2017

                           JP Morgan Chase & Company

                                270 avenue Park
                    New York City, New York US-NY 10017-2070
                                États-Unis (les)

* * * * * * * * * * COORDONNEES * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +1 (212) 270 6000
URL: http://www.jpmorganchase.com

* * * * * * * * * * IDENTIFIANTS DE LA SOCIETE * * * * * * * * * *
CODE BOURSIER: 46625H100
CODE ISIN: US46625H1005
CODE BLOOMBERG: JPM:US
CODE DATASTREAM: U:JPM
CODE REUTERS: JPM.N

* * * * * * * * * * INFORMATION SUR LA SOCIETE * * * * * * * * * *

DATE DE LA DERNIERE AGO/AGM CONNUE (PASSEE OU FUTURE):  19 Mai 2015

* * * * * * * * * * DIRIGEANTS DE LA SOCIETE  * * * * * * * * * *




Personnes
Nom                           Titre                         Fonction
Monsieur James Dimon          Président-Directeur général
Monsieur Anthony J. Horan     Secrétaire Général
Madame Marianne Lake          Finances

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
SECTEUR D'ACTIVITE: Banque

* * * * * * * * * * MARCHES - SECTEURS * * * * * * * * * *
MARCHES - PROFIL: JP Morgan Chase &amp; Company figure parmi les principaux
groupes bancaires américains. Les revenus (avant éliminations intragroupe) par
activité se répartissent comme suit :
 - banque de détail (45,3%) : vente de services financiers classiques et
spécialisés (crédit immobilier, crédit automobile, assurance, etc.) au travers
d'un réseau de plus de 5 413 agences bancaires. En outre, le groupe développe
une activité de vente de cartes de crédit ;
 - banque d'investissement et de marché (34,7%) : conseil en
fusions-acquisitions et en restructuration, augmentation de capital,
capital-investissement, interventions sur les marchés d'actions, d'obligations
et de produits dérivés, intermédiation boursière, etc. ;
 - gestion d'actifs (12,5%) : 1 576,8 MdsEUR d'actifs sous gestion à fin 2015 ;
 - banque commerciale (7,1%) ;
 - autres (0,4%).
 A fin 2015, le groupe gère 1 171,1 MdsEUR d'encours de dépôts et 766,3 MdsEUR
d'encours de crédits.
 La répartition géographique des revenus est la suivante : Etats-Unis (76,2%),
Europe-Moyen Orient-Afrique (15,2%), Asie-Pacifique (6,6%), Amérique latine et
Iles Caraïbes (2%).

* * * * * * * * * * BILAN * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Banque GE/GVE


Actif (Unité : en milliers d'Euros)
                                                   2015        2014        2013
Crédits                                      1124045056  1191634944  1023174784
Immobilisations                                65786476    67777816    70431680
Autres actifs                                1042312704  1182902784  1199275776
Total de bilan                               2232144128  2442315520  2292882176
Capitaux propres                              234987072   220267456   200442304
Prov. et dettes sub.                                  -           -           -
Dettes rep. titres                            574141952   681800768   638443008
Dépôts                                       1214657792  1294114176  1222298624
Autres passifs                                208357360   246133104   231698240

* * * * * * * * * * COMPTE DE RESULTAT * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Banque GE/GVE


(Unité : en milliers d'Euros)
                                                   2015        2014        2013
Produits d'exploit.                            77299824    79129808    81254032
Charges d'exploit.                              7083602     7495539     9185049
PGE                                            88787536    89415880    91694824
Ch. gales d'exploit.                           56013896    58159004    66280040
Impôts                                          5941759     7621777     7584760
Résultat net                                   23199438    20655682    17011846
RN part du groupe                              23199438    20655682    17011846

* * * * * * * * * * DONNEES FINANCIERES - PAR TRIMESTRE * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Banque Conso Intermediaire Etrangere


(Unité : en milliers d'Euros)
                                                   2016        2015        2014
Revenu 1er Trimestre                           22858688    22842552    21824100
Revenu 2è Trimestre                            23932192    22601466    23210828
Revenu 3è Trimestre                            21826000    22338548    23013402
Revenu 4è Trimestre                            22187630    21721592    21367554
Revenu 1er Semestre                            46790880    45444016    45034928
Revenu Second Semestre                         44013628    44060140    44380956
Revenu Annuel                                  90804512    89504152    89415880

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Edition Ratio Banque GE/GVE
                                                   2015        2014        2013
RN/Capitaux propres                                9,87        9,38        8,49
RN/PGE                                            26,13       23,10       18,55
Frais de pers./PGE                                31,80       32,02       31,89
Effectif                                         234598      241359      251196

* * * * * * * * * * INFORMATION SUR LES VALEURS BOURSIERES * * * * * * * * * *
MARCHE DE COTATION: Main Market
PLACE DE COTATION:  NYSE
PAYS DE COTATION:  États-Unis (les)
VALUERS-INDICES: DJIA, PEA, SP100, SP500, Stoxx Americas 100, Stoxx Global 200,
Stoxx NorthAmerica 50, Stoxx USA 50
ACTIONNAIRES:



Sociétés
Nom de la société                    Symbole     % Actions
The Vanguard Group                   =           5,64
State Street Corporation             =           4,41
Fidelity Management and Research     =           3,14
Company
BlackRock                            =           3,12
Capital World Investors              =           2,74
Wellington Management Company        =           1,83
T. Rowe Price Associates             =           1,82
The JPMorgan Chase 401K Savings Plan =           1,76
MFS Investment Management            =           1,64
Northern Trust Investments           =           1,50

DATE-CHARGEMENT: 4 Mars 2017


                              135 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                          September 4, 2016(LOAD-DATE)

Apple: Sweetheart iDeals

BYLINE: Ian Guider, Michael Brennan, Hugh O'connell And Jack Horgan-Jones

LENGTH: 686 words



HIGHLIGHT: Brussels will target other tax deals; State to shut vulture fund
loophole; Britain to exploit Ireland's weakness

[#x25cf] Brussels will target other tax deals

[#x25cf] State to shut vulture fund loophole

[#x25cf] Apple co-founder Wozniak: 'Pay up'

[#x25cf] Britain to exploit Ireland's weakness

The aftershock of the [#x20ac]13 billion Apple tax ruling is becoming apparent
this weekend, with Brussels examining a number of other Irish tax deals with
multinationals dating back to the early 1990s and the government preparing a
salvo on vulture funds to help shore up Ireland's battered international
reputation.

With the government still reeling from the landmark ruling, fears are also being
aired that Britain will attempt to exploit the Apple controversy by cutting its
corporation tax rate, in a bid to lure companies away from Ireland.

Meanwhile, the tech mogul Steve Wozniak, who co-founded Apple with Steve Jobs,
told The Sunday Business Post  this weekend that his former company should pay
the [#x20ac]13 billion owed in back taxes, "if the bill sticks".

In a high-stakes move, Enda Kenny's government is now expected to shut down tax
loopholes being utilised by global vulture funds, to slash their tax bills. The
move, designed to show Europe that Ireland does not encourage sweetheart tax
deals, is part of a broader offensive to repair reputational damage done to the
country.

However, the European Commission is now actively scrutinising multiple "comfort
letters" given to multinationals which it has obtained from the Revenue
Commissioners and from international leaks. Further Apple-style investigations
could be launched into other sweetheart deals, based on their findings.

The Department of Finance and the Revenue Commissioners refused to reveal how
many tax rulings had been passed to the European Commission. However, it is
understood the commission is focusing on around six other deals granted to
multinationals in the early 1990s, the same period in which it agreed to the
arrangement with Apple.

The sheer size of http://www.businesspost.ie/apple-the-sum-of-all-fears/ with
sources saying it had been expecting the tax clawback to come to around
[#x20ac]400 million. The slow reaction in announcing an appeal also caused
consternation, straining relationships between the government and the IDA, which
wanted a prompt formal statement.

Sources said the state's vigorous defence would step up a gear in the coming
weeks, with all agencies set to add to the defensive position.

IDA boss Martin Shanahan will be in London, New York and Silicon Valley in the
coming weeks, to press the state's case that there is no threat to the country's
taxation system. The government will also reach out to the US Treasury to aid
its case.

Huge backlash

It is understood that the two tax opinions given by the Revenue Commissioners to
Apple, which form the centre of the case, were not run past the Commission to
see whether they complied with state aid rules. The initial ruling in 1991 was
simply rolled over in 2007 even though Apple's business had changed
substantially over that time.

Unlike many tax authorities across Europe, the Revenue does not issue very many
advance opinions, and some sources have expressed concern that the decision to
issue the second ruling wasn't queried to the Commission. The Revenue has denied
that it engaged in anything inappropriate with Apple.

The ruling has caused a significant backlash. Writing in this newspaper today,
http://www.businesspost.ie/apple-disgraceful-ruling-suggests-ireland-is-being-so
ftened-up-for-an-eu-tax-regime/ the former minister for justice and attorney
general, said the judgment was a "disgraceful and unedifying abuse of power by
the institutions of the EU".

McDowell added: "I carry no candle for multinational capitalists who preach
corporate ethics and posture as philanthropists but ruthlessly avoid corporate
taxation by labyrinthine means.

"But I do carry a candle for Ireland as an independent sovereign state that has
the right to determine its own taxation laws and policies, that has never
surrendered that right to the EU, and that was solemnly assured by the other
member states of the EU on the re-running of the Lisbon Treaty referendum that
that right was not and would not be infringed."

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            January 8, 2008 Tuesday

Father doesn't know best; TV Alan Thicke a hoot as boozing, skirt- chasing
patriarch on CBC's 'JPod,' premiering tonight

BYLINE: Lee-Anne Goodman THE CANADIAN PRESS

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 684  words


Alan Thicke is arguably best known for his role as the sweet, warm- hearted
father on the American sitcom Growing Pains.

And so those who fondly remember Jason Seaver may not believe their eyes when
they tune into the new CBC series, JPod, premiering Tuesday night.

"I'm in love!" Thicke tells his 20-something son, Ethan, of the young woman he's
bedding who's a former classmate of the boy's. "She's a mechanical bull in the
sack - my thighs are bruised like a crate of plums!"

The 60-year-old Thicke giggles on the line from California, where he lives with
his third wife and youngest son, as he discusses the joy he takes in playing a
character so vastly different from the one he's most closely associated with.

"I read the script and thought this looks familiar in a very unfamiliar kind of
way, in a perverse kind of way," Thicke says of JPod, based on the Douglas
Coupland novel about a group of disgruntled video game programmers in Vancouver.

"The family structure was there - you know, young people growing up, finding
their way with dad somewhere in the background, but instead of offering that
paternal advice, this dad exploits them all.

"I exploit my kid to get a job, I exploit him to hook me up with his former
algebra classmate with whom I have a little fling but also to help me cover it
up with the wife, I exploit him to keep me supplied with rum and Gatorade during
the day, and at some point I even exploit him to nefariously hide a body. "

He's not the only degenerate on JPod, which bills itself as a drama but is
filled with so many side-splitting moments in its first few episodes that it's
hard to fathom where the drama comes in. Black comedy is a more apt description.

Sherry Miller, a familiar Canadian television personality for decades, plays a
character with her own secrets - she's running a wildly successful grow-op in
her basement while her husband (Thicke) is getting drunk and chasing young
women.

Thicke, who was born and raised in Kirkland Lake, Ont., agrees that the grow- op
subplot on JPod is a distinctly Canadian touch - but adds he was surprised to
learn how common marijuana use is in his native land compared to when he was a
young university student.

"I went to the University of Western Ontario in the late '60s and I never heard
of pot until I moved to the U.S. Maybe I just didn't have the right friends or
something, but I was totally shielded from that whole scene. I never saw a
joint, I never heard of marijuana, I never knew a thing about it - and then I
came to California and all hell breaks loose."

Thicke is coy when asked whether he has sampled weed in his many years living in
L.A., but says he impressed his adult sons - including rock star Robin Thicke -
after hanging out at a party with Snoop Dogg, the hip-hop star with a famous
dope habit.

"They were never prouder of me than when they heard Snoop Dogg say on a radio
show a few months ago that the weirdest person he'd ever smoked dope with was
Alan Thicke," he says with another infectious giggle.

"They started getting calls and people were saying: 'Did Snoop get the name
wrong? Did he mean Robin and said Alan?' What I copped to is that we were all at
a party together and Snoop was smoking so maybe that's what he meant . . . all I
can say on this front is that if I were tested, it might have been second- hand
smoke."

Thicke says he's delighted to be back in Canada and in front of the camera with
JPod. He wrote a book last year, How To Raise Kids Who Won't Hate You, and while
he came back home regularly to promote the book, Thicke says it's especially
sweet to be acting on a CBC show.

"I go way back with the CBC - I got my start with the beloved Mother Corp so to
see what it's evolved into is pretty cool," he says, singling out new winter
shows like The Border and MVP.

"I've never seen my home and native network be so global. The shows that I saw
looked like they could compete in any country in the world on any level. They
looked like they were throwing a lot of money at them and everything looked rich
and highly skilled. There's no asterisk on anything, and it's so great to see."

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2008 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             January 7, 2008 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Back in the Thicke of things; Canadian star's role in jPod is nothing like his
old one on Growing Pains

BYLINE: Lee-Anne Goodman, The Canadian Press

SECTION: GO; Pg. G13

LENGTH: 686 words


Alan Thicke is arguably best known for his role as the sweet, warm-hearted
father on the American sitcom Growing Pains.

And so those who fondly remember Jason Seaver may not believe their eyes when
they tune into the new CBC series, jPod, premièring tomorrow night.

"I'm in love!" Thicke tells his 20-something son, Ethan, of the young woman he's
bedding who's a former classmate of the boy's. "She's a mechanical bull in the
sack -- my thighs are bruised like a crate of plums!"

The 60-year-old Thicke giggles on the line from California, where he lives with
his third wife and youngest son, as he discusses the joy he takes in playing a
character so vastly different from the one he's most closely associated with.

"I read the script and thought this looks familiar in a very unfamiliar kind of
way, in a perverse kind of way," Thicke says of jPod, based on the Douglas
Coupland novel about a group of disgruntled video-game programmers in Vancouver.

"The family structure was there -- you know, young people growing up, finding
their way with Dad somewhere in the background, but instead of offering that
paternal advice, this dad exploits them all.

"I exploit my kid to get a job, I exploit him to hook me up with his former
algebra classmate with whom I have a little fling, but also to help me cover it
up with the wife, I exploit him to keep me supplied with rum and Gatorade during
the day, and at some point I even exploit him to nefariously hide a body."

He's not the only degenerate on jPod, which bills itself as a drama but is
filled with so many side-splitting moments in its first few episodes that it's
hard to fathom where the drama comes in. Black comedy is a more apt description.

Sherry Miller, a familiar Canadian television personality for decades, plays a
character with her own secrets -- she's running a wildly successful grow-op in
her basement while her husband (Thicke) is getting drunk and chasing young
women.

Thicke, who was born and raised in Kirkland Lake, Ont., agrees that the grow-op
subplot on jPod is a distinctly Canadian touch -- but adds he was surprised to
learn how common marijuana use is in his native land compared with when he was a
young university student.

"I went to the University of Western Ontario in the late '60s, and I never heard
of pot until I moved to the U.S. Maybe I just didn't have the right friends or
something, but I was totally shielded from that whole scene. I never saw a
joint, I never heard of marijuana, I never knew a thing about it -- and then I
came to California and all hell breaks loose."

Thicke is coy when asked whether he has sampled weed in his many years living in
L.A., but says he impressed his adult sons -- including rock star Robin Thicke
-- after hanging out at a party with Snoop Dogg, the hip-hop star with a famous
dope habit.

"They were never prouder of me than when they heard Snoop Dogg say on a radio
show a few months ago that the weirdest person he'd ever smoked dope with was
Alan Thicke," he says with another infectious giggle.

"They started getting calls and people were saying: 'Did Snoop get the name
wrong? Did he mean Robin and said Alan?' What I copped to is that we were all at
a party together and Snoop was smoking so maybe that's what he meant ... all I
can say on this front is that if I were tested, it might have been second-hand
smoke."

Thicke says he's delighted to be back in Canada and in front of the camera with
jPod. He wrote a book last year, How To Raise Kids Who Won't Hate You, and while
he came back home regularly to promote the book, Thicke says it's especially
sweet to be acting on a CBC show.

"I go way back with the CBC -- I got my start with the beloved mother corps, so
to see what it's evolved into is pretty cool," he says, singling out new winter
shows such as The Border and MVP.

"I've never seen my home and native network be so global. The shows that I saw
looked like they could compete in any country in the world on any level. They
looked like they were throwing a lot of money at them and everything looked rich
and highly skilled. There's no asterisk on anything, and it's so great to see."

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Cbc, the Canadian Press , Alan Thicke and Sherry Miller star in
CBC's jPod, which premières tomorrow.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Record (Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario)

                             January 4, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Thicke's a hoot as the boozing, degenerate father figure in JPod

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. E5

LENGTH: 623  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Alan Thicke is arguably best known for his role as the sweet, warm-hearted
father on the American sitcom Growing Pains.

And so those who fondly remember Jason Seaver may not believe their eyes when
they tune into the new CBC series, JPod, premiering Tuesday night.

"I'm in love!'' Thicke tells his 20-something son, Ethan, of the young woman
he's bedding -- a former classmate of the boy's. "She's a mechanical bull in the
sack -- my thighs are bruised like a crate of plums!''

The 60-year-old Thicke giggles on the line from California, where he lives with
his third wife and youngest son, as he discusses the joy he takes in playing a
character so vastly different from the one he's most closely associated with.

"I read the script and thought this looks familiar in a very unfamiliar kind of
way, in a perverse kind of way,'' Thicke says of JPod, based on the Douglas
Coupland novel about a group of disgruntled video-game programmers in Vancouver.

"The family structure was there -- you know, young people growing up, finding
their way with dad somewhere in the background, but instead of offering that
paternal advice, this dad exploits them all.

"I exploit my kid to get a job, I exploit him to hook me up with his former
algebra classmate with whom I have a little fling but also to help me cover it
up with the wife, I exploit him to keep me supplied with rum and Gatorade during
the day, and at some point I even exploit him to nefariously hide a body.''

He's not the only degenerate on JPod, which bills itself as a drama but is
filled with so many side-splitting moments in its first few episodes that it's
hard to fathom where the drama comes in. Black comedy is a more apt description.

Sherry Miller, a familiar Canadian television personality for decades, plays a
character with her own secrets -- she's running a wildly successful grow-op in
her basement while her husband (Thicke) is getting drunk and chasing young
women.

Thicke, who was born and raised in Kirkland Lake, agrees that the grow-op
subplot on JPod is a distinctly Canadian touch -- but adds he was surprised to
learn how common marijuana use is in his native land compared to when he was a
young university student.

"I went to the University of Western Ontario in the late '60s and I never heard
of pot until I moved to the U.S. Maybe I just didn't have the right friends or
something, but I was totally shielded from that whole scene. I never saw a
joint, I never heard of marijuana, I never knew a thing about it -- and then I
came to California and all hell breaks loose.''

Thicke is coy when asked whether he has sampled weed in his many years living in
L.A., but says he impressed his adult sons -- including rock star Robin Thicke
-- after hanging out at a party with Snoop Dogg, the hip-hop star with a famous
dope habit.

"They were never prouder of me than when they heard Snoop Dogg say on a radio
show a few months ago that the weirdest person he'd ever smoked dope with was
Alan Thicke,'' he says with another infectious giggle.

"They started getting calls and people were saying: 'Did Snoop get the name
wrong? Did he mean Robin and said Alan?' What I copped to is that we were all at
a party together and Snoop was smoking so maybe that's what he meant. . . . All
I can say on this front is that if I were tested, it might have been second-hand
smoke.''

Thicke says he's delighted to be back in Canada and in front of the camera with
JPod. He wrote a book last year, How To Raise Kids Who Won't Hate You, and while
he came back home regularly to promote the book, Thicke says it's especially
sweet to be acting on a CBC show.

"I go way back with the CBC -- I got my start with the beloved mother corps so
to see what it's evolved into is pretty cool,'' he says.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: THE CANADIAN PRESS,CBC , Alan Thicke and Sherry Miller star in
CBC's JPod, based on the Douglas Coupland novel.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                               September 15, 2003

Attacks on New Windows Flaws Expected Soon;
Experts say hackers have a head start in taking advantage of latest holes found
in Microsoft OS

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: NEWS - PAGE ONE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 616 words

Companies will have even less time than usual to properly protect themselves
against attackers attempting to take advantage of three critical flaws in
Windows software that were revealed last week by Microsoft Corp.

Because the flaws are nearly identical to the one that the Blaster worm
exploited last month, users can expect to see copycat attacks in the very near
future, according to several security experts. As a result, it's important for
companies to patch their systems or otherwise protect themselves against the
flaws as expeditiously as possible, they said.

That sentiment was echoed by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, which
last week warned of the "potential for significant impact on Internet
operations"because of the vulnerabilities.

"DHSbelieves that exploits are being developed" for the new flaws, the agency
said in a bulletin.

Some users took the warning seriously.

"I'm pretty certain that an attack will happen faster than it did with
Blaster,"said Mike Tindor, vice president of network operations at First USA
Inc., an Internet service provider in St. Clairsville, Ohio. The company has
already installed patches against the new threat and has also closed several
ports that could be exploited in an attack.

"Ithink it's critical that people patch immediately when a new update comes
out,"said David Krauthamer, director of information systems at Advanced Fibre
Communications Inc.in Petaluma, Calif. The telecommunications equipment
manufacturer used Microsoft's automated Security Update Services to download and
patch more than 200 servers against the new flaws last week.

The holes exist in the remote procedure call (RPC) protocol used by the Windows
operating system. Two of them are buffer overrun vulnerabilities that could
allow an attacker to take full administrative control of a victim's system. An
attacker who exploited these flaws would be able to take a variety of actions,
including installing malicious programs, deleting data or creating new accounts,
according to Microsoft.

The third flaw is a denial-of-service vulnerability that could allow RPC
services to hang and become unresponsive, according to Microsoft.

It's not difficult to develop exploits for the new holes, said Max Caceres,
director of product management at Core Security Technologies, a Boston-based
vendor of security software and services.

Core Security was able to write attack code capable of compromising systems in
the manner described by Microsoft in a matter of hours after the bulletin was
announced, he said.

"In this case, it was pretty fast because the vulnerabilities are very similar
to the last one," Caceres said. "The attack vector is exactly the same. The only
change is in where the vulnerabilities exist."

"We always assume that if we can do it, there are others out there who can do
it," said Dan Ingevaldson, an engineering manager with the X-Force response team
at Internet Security Systems Inc. (ISS) in Atlanta.

ISS was able to develop an exploit for the RPC vulnerability used by Blaster
within 12 hours, using just the information gleaned from the patch Microsoft
issued to deal with the flaw.

With the latest vulnerabilities, hackers have an existing code base to work
with, security experts said. Consequently, the window of time that
administrators usually have to test and patch systems before a malicious exploit
is crafted is going to be smaller than usual, predicted Jerry Brady, chief
technology officer at Guardent Inc. in Waltham, Mass.

"There's a lot of exploit code available for the last RPC vulnerability that
would only require very small modifications" to be effective against the new
flaws, Brady said.


LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 Computerworld, Inc.


                              140 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             KCPQ/KMYQ-TV (Seattle)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Philadelphia weatherman fired after 'Hangover'-esque exploits

BYLINE: KCPQ/KMYQ-TV, Seattle

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 234 words


Jan. 24--PHILADELPHIA -- A Philadelphia weatherman lost his job after details
about his experience being drugged by Russian bombshells and then fleeced out of
more than $43,000  on a Florida vacation.

It was "Anchorman" meets "The Hangover," as the website Gawker pointed out. John
Bolaris, who was chief meteorologist at FOX29 in Philadelphia, revealed all the
details in an interview with Playboy. His supervisors did not like the way he
came off in print

"He saw two women on a swing. Very elegant, beautiful, classy with jet-black
hair and blue eyes," Playboy writer Pat Jordan wrote, before quoting Bolaris
saying "I'm a guy. There was the thought that I might get laid."

The Playboy story went on to describe Bolaris having shots poured down his
throat, everything becoming blurry, and how he went on to spend tens of
thousands of dollars on art, caviar, champagne, and other lavish items over two
nights he does not remember at all.

In the article, Bolaris bragged about his celebrity in Philadelphia . "I was
used to girls in Philly coming on to me aggressively once they found I was John
Bolaris, the tv weatherman."

An FBI investigation led to the indictment of 17 alleged Russian mobsters in
Miami, all related to the drugging and extortion of Bolaris and other victims
like him.

___ (c)2012 KCPQ/KMYQ-TX (Seattle) Visit KCPQ/KMYQ-TX (Seattle) at
www.q13fox.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120124-5KQ-Philadelphia-weatherman-fired-after-Hangover-esque-exploits
-0124-20120124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5KQ


                          Copyright 2012 KCPQ/KMYQ-TV


                              141 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Breckenridge American (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 22, 2013 Friday

Kelly and Akin share local spotlight with aerial exploits

BYLINE: Jean Hayworth, Breckenridge American, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 957 words


March 22--Historically Speaking

By Jean Hayworth

Jim Kelly, Stephens County's favorite son, since he and Reg Robbins established
a new endurance record for continuous flight and in-air refueling, at 174 hours
this past May, has returned to the Stephens County Airport. Kelly is flying his
brand new Ryan Monoplane that the Ryan Airplane manufacturers awarded him after
the historic flight, in May 1929.

Even though the endurance record set by Kelly and Robbins has been broken
several times since May, it was this pair who opened the door for others to
attempt to fly to new records. The newest endurance record was set just shy of
three weeks aloft, in August 1929.

Kelly is slated to return Saturday, Aug. 24 and 25, to take residents up aloft
for a "free" ride over the city of Breckenridge and areas of Stephens County.

Kelly was raised on the Stephens County ranch of Joe Winston, located near
Caddo. Kelly will be taking residents up Saturday and Sunday and there was a
large, interested crowd at the Stephens County Airport to watch and possibly
volunteer for a ride. Records indicated Kelly took 40 passengers up for an
aerial tour on the first day.

Nationally known local glider designer, builder and pilot, Earl Akin, was a
popular choice at airport openings in West Texas. Akin was present for the
recent opening of the Graham Airport and had just returned from an appearance at
the Sweetwater Airport opening, where he claimed he had his "best flight ever."

Akin made seven exhibition hops during the afternoon performance remarked that
he had reached 600 feet altitude, circled the field twice and glided more than
three miles.

Akin had two more airport opening performances on his agenda at Big Spring and
Amarillo. He earned $200 to $300 for each performance. Those funds helped Akin
with his latest plans to make some changes to his glider.

Akin went to Dallas to pick up supplies that included a 10 horse power outboard
motor and brackets to mount it on his glider. Akin hoped the small motor was
powerful enough to lift his glider off the ground and helped get it up enough to
catch a good breeze and then glide. He also had to craft a "special propeller"
for the glider that was activated on the ground in conjunction with the small
motor. Between the two innovations, Akin hoped to generate enough lift to get
him into some currents that he could glide on for longer distances than he had
been able to so far.

Up to this point, Akin has used a car pulling the glider and then released it at
a certain speed to gain altitude. He also had been pulled by a plane and then
released to glide on air currents for short distances.

With the addition of the small motor and specialized propeller, Akin hoped to be
more in control of his glider and what it did in the air and how far it would be
able to glide.

The body of a young female aviator was found in the bush country of Arizona, six
miles north of Wellton, Ariz. Local ranchers had reported they saw a small plane
crash. When local searchers got to the scene, they found the body of Marvel
Crosson, age 25, who was participating in the 1929 All-Female National Air
Derby. The top 20 female aviators had taken off from Santa Monica, Calif. and
were headed to Cleveland, Ohio for a $25,000 prize.

Crosson was found 200 feet from her wrecked plane, indicating she had jumped as
the plane crashed. However, not soon enough, her parachute had not opened, which
meant it had not deployed in time or she waited to late to jump.

Crosson was considered one of America's best known female pilots along with
Amelia Earhart. Crosson had just left San Bernadino, Calif. headed to Phoenix,
Ariz. for their second overnight stop. When she failed to check in, a search
party was sent out after a report from area ranchers that a small plane had
dropped into the underbrush near the Gila River bed.

Several other pilots reported that their planes had been tampered with at the
overnight stop in San Bernadina and called for an investigation. The women
pilots had reported trouble with their planes which included the German
aviatrix, Thea Gasche, and Bobbie Trout, former holder of the women's endurance
record. Also, pilot Claire Fahy, wife of the current holder of the men's
endurance flying record. Another pilot, Opal Kunz, from New York, also hinted at
sabotage.

The rumors of possible sabotage leaked out which alluded to "gasoline that had
been tampered with or doctored, struts were weakened with acid and motors
tampered with." All that made the remaining 14 fliers nervous about continuing
the race.

Pilots took extra precautions by double checking everything, having their own
support team tend to fueling chores, engine checks and requested that police or
area military guard planes at overnight stops.

Also, parachutes were checked. Amelia Earhart refused to have anyone near her
parachute as she had packed it herself before she left Santa Monica and had no
reason to have anyone check it.

An electric locomotive was reported on the tracks with the Roby and Northern
Railroad in West Texas. The electric locomotive had been built in the shops of
the West Texas Utilities Co., in Abilene, and was clocked traveling at 50 mph.

The Graf Zeppelin reported rear engine problems that delayed their scheduled
departure from Tokyo, Japan early Aug. 22. If repairs were completed in a timely
manner, Commander Hugo Eckener hoped to take-off early Friday, Aug. 23, from the
Kasumigaura Airport in Tokyo and head to their next stop on the world tour, Los
Angeles, Calif. and then back to the starting point at Lakehurst, N.J.

___ (c)2013 the Breckenridge American (Breckenridge, Texas) Visit the
Breckenridge American (Breckenridge, Texas) at www.breckenridgeamerican.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130322-KV-Kelly-and-Akin-share-local-spotlight-with-aerial-exploits
-0322-20130322

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KV


                      Copyright 2013 Breckenridge American


                              142 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Alabama Man Sentenced to 10 Years In Prison For Child Exploitation

LENGTH: 470  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Wesley Scott Greene, 25, of Opelika, Alabama, was sentenced by Chief U.S.
District Judge Sharion Aycock in Aberdeen, Mississippi, today to serve 120
months in prison for child exploitation, and 120 months in prison for crossing
state lines to engage in sexual activity with a minor. Greene will serve the two
sentences concurrently.



 Greene will also serve 10 years of supervised release following his
incarceration. Greene was remanded to the custody of the United States Marshals
Service to begin his sentence.

 U.S. Attorney Felicia C. Adams of the Northern District of Mississippi, Special
Agent in Charge Christopher Freeze of the FBI's Jackson, Mississippi Division,
and Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood made the announcement.

 "The United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Mississippi
is committed to the protection of our children and we will vigorously prosecute
those predators who seek to exploit and abuse them.  Our office appreciates the
hard work of all the federal, state, and local agencies that participated in
this investigation," said U.S. Attorney Adams.

 "As technology advances, criminals continue to find new ways to prey on
children," said Christopher Freeze, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI in
Mississippi. "The FBI will remain vigilant to technological advances to stay one
step ahead of those attempting to exploit children."

 "The conclusion of this case is another good example of how effective law
enforcement agencies can be when they work collaboratively to take criminals off
the streets and away from our children," said Mississippi Attorney General Jim
Hood.  "It's extremely important for us to continue working together as state,
federal and local partners to protect kids from those who would exploit and
abuse them."

 Greene was arrested by FBI Agents and Task Force Officers on March 24, 2016 in
his former hometown of Opelika, Alabama.  In April 2016, the federal grand jury
returned a two count indictment charging Greene with violations of 18 USC
2422(b), using facilities in interstate commerce to entice or coerce a minor to
engage in sexual activity, and 18 USC 2423(b), traveling in interstate commerce
to engage in sexual activity of a minor. On July 25, 2016, Greene pled guilty to
both charges.

 The FBI Jackson Division's Child Exploitation Task Force conducted the
investigation with assistance from the Itawamba County Sheriff's Department and
the FBI in Auburn, Alabama. The task force is composed of agents from the FBI
and the Mississippi Attorney General's Office and prosecutors from the United
States Attorney's Offices in Oxford and Jackson.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Alabama Man Sentenced to 10 Years In Prison For Child Exploitation

LENGTH: 470  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Wesley Scott Greene, 25, of Opelika, Alabama, was sentenced by Chief U.S.
District Judge Sharion Aycock in Aberdeen, Mississippi, today to serve 120
months in prison for child exploitation, and 120 months in prison for crossing
state lines to engage in sexual activity with a minor. Greene will serve the two
sentences concurrently.



 Greene will also serve 10 years of supervised release following his
incarceration. Greene was remanded to the custody of the United States Marshals
Service to begin his sentence.

 U.S. Attorney Felicia C. Adams of the Northern District of Mississippi, Special
Agent in Charge Christopher Freeze of the FBI's Jackson, Mississippi Division,
and Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood made the announcement.

 "The United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Mississippi
is committed to the protection of our children and we will vigorously prosecute
those predators who seek to exploit and abuse them.  Our office appreciates the
hard work of all the federal, state, and local agencies that participated in
this investigation," said U.S. Attorney Adams.

 "As technology advances, criminals continue to find new ways to prey on
children," said Christopher Freeze, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI in
Mississippi. "The FBI will remain vigilant to technological advances to stay one
step ahead of those attempting to exploit children."

 "The conclusion of this case is another good example of how effective law
enforcement agencies can be when they work collaboratively to take criminals off
the streets and away from our children," said Mississippi Attorney General Jim
Hood.  "It's extremely important for us to continue working together as state,
federal and local partners to protect kids from those who would exploit and
abuse them."

 Greene was arrested by FBI Agents and Task Force Officers on March 24, 2016 in
his former hometown of Opelika, Alabama.  In April 2016, the federal grand jury
returned a two count indictment charging Greene with violations of 18 USC
2422(b), using facilities in interstate commerce to entice or coerce a minor to
engage in sexual activity, and 18 USC 2423(b), traveling in interstate commerce
to engage in sexual activity of a minor. On July 25, 2016, Greene pled guilty to
both charges.

 The FBI Jackson Division's Child Exploitation Task Force conducted the
investigation with assistance from the Itawamba County Sheriff's Department and
the FBI in Auburn, Alabama. The task force is composed of agents from the FBI
and the Mississippi Attorney General's Office and prosecutors from the United
States Attorney's Offices in Oxford and Jackson.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Alabama Man Sentenced to 10 Years In Prison For Child Exploitation

LENGTH: 470  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Wesley Scott Greene, 25, of Opelika, Alabama, was sentenced by Chief U.S.
District Judge Sharion Aycock in Aberdeen, Mississippi, today to serve 120
months in prison for child exploitation, and 120 months in prison for crossing
state lines to engage in sexual activity with a minor. Greene will serve the two
sentences concurrently.



 Greene will also serve 10 years of supervised release following his
incarceration. Greene was remanded to the custody of the United States Marshals
Service to begin his sentence.

 U.S. Attorney Felicia C. Adams of the Northern District of Mississippi, Special
Agent in Charge Christopher Freeze of the FBI's Jackson, Mississippi Division,
and Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood made the announcement.

 "The United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Mississippi
is committed to the protection of our children and we will vigorously prosecute
those predators who seek to exploit and abuse them.  Our office appreciates the
hard work of all the federal, state, and local agencies that participated in
this investigation," said U.S. Attorney Adams.

 "As technology advances, criminals continue to find new ways to prey on
children," said Christopher Freeze, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI in
Mississippi. "The FBI will remain vigilant to technological advances to stay one
step ahead of those attempting to exploit children."

 "The conclusion of this case is another good example of how effective law
enforcement agencies can be when they work collaboratively to take criminals off
the streets and away from our children," said Mississippi Attorney General Jim
Hood.  "It's extremely important for us to continue working together as state,
federal and local partners to protect kids from those who would exploit and
abuse them."

 Greene was arrested by FBI Agents and Task Force Officers on March 24, 2016 in
his former hometown of Opelika, Alabama.  In April 2016, the federal grand jury
returned a two count indictment charging Greene with violations of 18 USC
2422(b), using facilities in interstate commerce to entice or coerce a minor to
engage in sexual activity, and 18 USC 2423(b), traveling in interstate commerce
to engage in sexual activity of a minor. On July 25, 2016, Greene pled guilty to
both charges.

 The FBI Jackson Division's Child Exploitation Task Force conducted the
investigation with assistance from the Itawamba County Sheriff's Department and
the FBI in Auburn, Alabama. The task force is composed of agents from the FBI
and the Mississippi Attorney General's Office and prosecutors from the United
States Attorney's Offices in Oxford and Jackson.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Alabama Man Sentenced to 10 Years In Prison For Child Exploitation

LENGTH: 470  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Wesley Scott Greene, 25, of Opelika, Alabama, was sentenced by Chief U.S.
District Judge Sharion Aycock in Aberdeen, Mississippi, today to serve 120
months in prison for child exploitation, and 120 months in prison for crossing
state lines to engage in sexual activity with a minor. Greene will serve the two
sentences concurrently.



 Greene will also serve 10 years of supervised release following his
incarceration. Greene was remanded to the custody of the United States Marshals
Service to begin his sentence.

 U.S. Attorney Felicia C. Adams of the Northern District of Mississippi, Special
Agent in Charge Christopher Freeze of the FBI's Jackson, Mississippi Division,
and Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood made the announcement.

 "The United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Mississippi
is committed to the protection of our children and we will vigorously prosecute
those predators who seek to exploit and abuse them.  Our office appreciates the
hard work of all the federal, state, and local agencies that participated in
this investigation," said U.S. Attorney Adams.

 "As technology advances, criminals continue to find new ways to prey on
children," said Christopher Freeze, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI in
Mississippi. "The FBI will remain vigilant to technological advances to stay one
step ahead of those attempting to exploit children."

 "The conclusion of this case is another good example of how effective law
enforcement agencies can be when they work collaboratively to take criminals off
the streets and away from our children," said Mississippi Attorney General Jim
Hood.  "It's extremely important for us to continue working together as state,
federal and local partners to protect kids from those who would exploit and
abuse them."

 Greene was arrested by FBI Agents and Task Force Officers on March 24, 2016 in
his former hometown of Opelika, Alabama.  In April 2016, the federal grand jury
returned a two count indictment charging Greene with violations of 18 USC
2422(b), using facilities in interstate commerce to entice or coerce a minor to
engage in sexual activity, and 18 USC 2423(b), traveling in interstate commerce
to engage in sexual activity of a minor. On July 25, 2016, Greene pled guilty to
both charges.

 The FBI Jackson Division's Child Exploitation Task Force conducted the
investigation with assistance from the Itawamba County Sheriff's Department and
the FBI in Auburn, Alabama. The task force is composed of agents from the FBI
and the Mississippi Attorney General's Office and prosecutors from the United
States Attorney's Offices in Oxford and Jackson.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 19, 2015 Saturday

Stephen Howells and Nicole Vaisey Sentenced for Child Exploitation Sentenced to
Hundreds of Years in Prison for Sexual Exploitation of Six Children, Including
Two Who Were Abducted

LENGTH: 852  words


SYRACUSE, NYStephen M. Howells, II, 40 of Hermon, New York, was sentenced today
to serve 580 years in prison in connection with his sexual exploitation of six
children, including two St. Lawrence County girls he abducted with his
girlfriend, Nicole F. Vaisey, 26, also of Hermon, from a roadside vegetable
stand on August 13, 2014, announced United States Attorney Richard S. Hartunian,
Special Agent in Charge Andrew W. Vale of the FBIs Albany Division, and St.
Lawrence County Sheriff Kevin Wells. Vaisey was also sentenced today to serve
300 years in prison for her role in the offenses, including her participation in
the sexual exploitation of four of the children. The Court also ordered the
forfeiture of property used by the defendants in the commission of these crimes,
consisting of two cars, a computer and five hard drives, a camera, and two
iPhones.

On May 8th, Howells pled guilty to all twenty-one federal charges: conspiracy to
sexually exploit minors, fifteen counts of sexual exploitation of children,
involving six victims, and five counts of possession of child pornography. On
May 14th, Vaisey also pled guilty to conspiracy to sexually exploit minors, as
well as nine counts of sexual exploitation of children, involving four victims.

From September of 2013 through August 15, 2014, Howells and Vaisey conspired to
sexually exploit children for the purpose of producing videos and pictures of
such conduct. Howells used his position as a registered nurse to obtain drugs to
administer to the six children to sedate them. On at least sixteen dates
specified in the indictment, Howells sexually abused six young girls, ages 5
11, sometimes with Vaisey also doing so, as Howells or Vaisey filmed that abuse.
Howells and Vaisey made arrangements with close friends and family to spend time
with four of the children, and then betrayed their trust. Howells and Vaisey
also developed, planned, and carried out a scheme to abduct children to sexually
abuse them. On August 13, 2014, they kidnapped two Amish children from their
familys roadside farm stand by pretending to be customers. Howells forced the
children into the car and Vaisey drove off. The two children were restrained as
captives in Howells and Vaiseys home until they were released in a remote
location the next night. An ongoing manhunt and investigation resulted in the
arrests of Howells and Vaisey and searches that helped uncover the other child
sexual abuse by them.

United States Attorney Richard S. Hartunian said: The sentences imposed today
are a reflection of the monstrous crimes committed by Stephen M. Howells, II and
Nicole F. Vaisey against the most vulnerable among us  our children. Howells and
Vaisey will never be able to abduct, drug, and sexually abuse children again.
Our hearts go out to the six children victimized by Howells and Vaisey, and to
all children who are subject to sexual exploitation. It is our hope that these
severe sentences will deter others from engaging in such depraved conduct. Our
commitment to promoting prevention, protecting children, and combatting child
sexual abuse is complete and unwavering.

Todays sentencing is a culmination of an investigation into the unspeakable
crimes committed against innocent victims within St. Lawrence County. The St.
Lawrence County Sheriffs Office has worked towards this conclusion in a
cooperative investigative effort with our Federal, State and Local partners.
This collaborative effort to bring these two to justice and stand responsible
for their actions shows how well law enforcement can work together for the
victims and citizens that we serve. The Sheriffs Office appreciates the public
support that has been demonstrated for the victims and the law enforcement
agencies that were involved, said St. Lawrence County Sheriff Kevin Wells.

The unspeakable acts against innocent children committed by Stephen Howells and
Nicole Vaisey represent some of the most heinous and evil crimes ever committed
in Troop B. It was through the collective efforts of all law enforcement
agencies working tirelessly that these two depraved individuals will be brought
to justice and will never pose a threat to our children and our communities
again, said New York State Police Major Charles Guess, Troop B Commander.

Stephen Howells and Nicole Vaisey represent the horrifying reality of the danger
our families and children face; they are predators that plotted and schemed to
harm those that are most precious to us, said Special Agent in Charge Andrew W.
Vale. It is our sworn duty to protect our communitys children, and the
unfathomable suffering of Howells and Vaiseys victims and their family is our
daily reminder of that duty. Todays sentencings are the culmination of
tremendous efforts made by the FBI, the United States Attorneys Office, the St.
Lawrence County Sheriffs Office, and the New York State Police.

This case was investigated by FBI, the St. Lawrence County Sheriffs Office and
the New York State Police, and was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Lisa
M. Fletcher, Tamara Thomson, and Steven D. Clymer. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                              March 4, 2005 Friday

Authorities tout predator crackdown;
Nearly 200 in O.C. have been charged under federal program to prosecute people
exploiting, preying on children.

BYLINE: By JOHN McDONALD The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 457 words


Operation Predator, a federal effort to prosecute people who exploit and prey
upon children, has resulted in more than 5,000 prosecutions since it was
launched 20 months ago, and Orange County has produced some of the
highest-profile cases, Homeland Security Department officials said Thursday.

Federal court's nine-county Central District of California produced 766 criminal
cases under Operation Predator, more than any other region in the country,
according to a progress report on the program.

Orange County had 189 cases, more than any other county in the region except Los
Angeles, which had 391. The Ventura-Santa Barbara area had 95, and the Inland
Empire had 91.

Operation Predator targets those who prey on and exploit children, including
human traffickers, international sex tourists, Internet pornographers, and
foreigners whose crimes here make them deportable.

``Today we mark a sobering milestone,'' Garcia said of the results of the
20-month-old program, which primarily targets foreign nationals.

About 2,500 individuals have been deported during the operation and more are in
the pipeline, Garcia said. Many of them were found by running Megan's Law lists
of sex offenders against the immigration database, he added, which had not been
done in the past.

The initiative sprang from a crackdown on illegal immigrants with criminal
records and was expanded to include crimes that cross national borders.

The Orange County prosecutions highlighted in the progress report include:

John Seljan, 86, a retired businessman from Garden Grove, who was convicted of
trying to travel to the Philippines, where he had arranged sexual encounters
with two girls, ages 9 and 12. He is scheduled to be sentenced Monday in U.S.
District Court in Santa Ana and faces up to 270 years in prison.

Eid Youssef Ibrahim, 44, and Amal Ahmed Ewis-abd Motelib, 41, of Irvine, who are
under indictment on suspicion of involuntary servitude. They are accused of
purchasing a 12-year-old girl for $30 in Egypt and forcing her to work as a
domestic servant in their home. Investigators say the couple, since divorced,
made the girl live in the garage without schooling or public social contact.

Clayton Carr, 52, a family- practice physician, who is expected to go on trial
this month at Harbor Justice Center in Newport Beach on charges of possessing
and duplicating child pornography. The case evolved from an Immigration and
Customs Enforcement ICE probe of a company in Belarus that provided credit-card
billing services for 50 child-porn Web sites.

Anybody with information about a child predator is asked to call ICE at its
toll-free hot line, (866) DHS-2ICE.

Register staff writer Kelly Snowden contributed to this report.

(714) 796-6743 or jmcdonald@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Orange County Register


                              148 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                               May 8, 2006 Monday

Too soon? It's too late for 'United 93'

BYLINE: Frank Rich

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1393 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Americans shouldn't feel guilty if they haven't run or even walked to see
''United 93.''

The movie that has been almost unanimously acclaimed as a rite of patriotism
second only to singing the national anthem in English is clinical to the point
of absurdity: It reduces the doomed and brave Americans on board to nameless
stick figures with less personality than the passengers in ''Airport.'' Rather
than deepening our knowledge of them or their heroism, the movie caps an hour of
air-controller nail-biting with a tasteful re-enactment of the grisly end.

But it's not a total waste. The debate that preceded the film's arrival actually
does tell us something about the war on terror. The two irrelevant questions
that were asked over and over Does ''United 93'' exploit the tragedy? Was it
made too soon? reveal just how adrift we are from reality as we head toward the
fifth anniversary of the attacks.

The answer to the first question is yes, of course ''United 93'' exploits Sept.
11. It's a Hollywood entertainment marketed to make a profit, with a smoking
World Trade Center on its poster as a gratuitous selling tool and a trailer
cunningly deployed to drum up pre-premiere controversy (aka publicity) by
ambushing Manhattan audiences.

The project's unappetizing commercialism is not mitigated by Universal Pictures'
donation of 10 percent of the opening weekend's so-so proceeds to a memorial at
the site of the crash in Shanksville, Pennsylvania. Roughly 50 times that sum is
needed to build the memorial.

Still, a movie that exploits Sept. 11 is business as usual. This is America, for
heaven's sake.

''United 93'' is merely the latest in a long line of such products and
relatively restrained at that. This film doesn't use documentary images of
shrouded remains being borne from ground zero, as the Bush-Cheney campaign ads
did two years ago.

As for the second question in the ''United 93'' debate, it's disturbing that it
was asked at all. Is this movie too soon? Hardly: It's already been preceded by
two TV movies about the same flight. The question we should be asking instead is
if its message comes too late.

Whatever the movie's other failings, that message is clear and essential: the
identity of the enemy. The film opens with the four hijackers praying to Allah
and, in keeping with the cockpit voice recording played at the Zacarias
Moussaoui trial, portrays them as prayerful right until they murder 40 innocent
people. Such are the Islamic radicals who struck America on Sept. 11 and whose
brethren have only multiplied since.

Yet how fleeting has been their fame. Thanks to the Bush administration's
deliberate post-9/11 decision to make the enemy who attacked us interchangeable
with the secular fascists of Iraq who did not, the original war on terrorism has
been diluted in its execution and robbed of its support from the American
public.

The news anchor Brian Williams seemed to be hinting as much when, in effusively
editorializing about ''United 93'' on NBC (a sister company of Universal
Pictures, which made the film), he suggested that ''it just may be a badly
needed reminder for some that we are a nation at war because of what happened in
New York and Washington and in this case in a field in Pennsylvania.'' But he
stopped short of specifying exactly what war he meant, and that's symptomatic of
our confusion.

When Americans think about war now, they don't think about the war prompted by
what happened on Sept. 11 so much as the war in Iraq, and when they think about
Iraq, they don't say, ''Let's roll!,'' they say, ''Let's leave!''

The administration's blurring of the distinction between Al Qaeda and Saddam
threatens to throw out the baby that must survive, the war against Islamic
terrorists, with the bath that is the quagmire in Iraq. Last autumn a Pew
Research Center survey found that Iraq had driven isolationist sentiment in the
United States to its post-Vietnam 1970s high. In a CBS News poll released last
week, the percentage of Americans who name terrorism as America's ''most
important problem'' fell to No. 3. Every day we spend in Iraq erodes the war
against those who attacked us on Sept. 11.

Just how much so was dramatized by an annual report on terrorism issued by the
State Department on the same day that ''United 93'' opened nationwide. The
number of terrorist attacks was up by a factor of nearly four in 2005. While Al
Qaeda is scattered, it has been replaced by what Richard Clarke, the former
counterterrorism czar, describes as ''a many-headed hydra that is just as deadly
and far harder to slay.'' Osama bin Laden, no longer an operational leader,
retains, in the State Department's language, ''the capability to influence
events, and inspire actual and potential terrorists.''

We remain unprepared should they once again strike here.

-

Like Hurricane Katrina before it, the Dubai Ports tsunami proved yet another
indictment of our inept homeland security. While America hyperventilated about
the prospect of turning over its ports to a rare Arab ally, every expert on the
subject, the former 9/11 commissioners included, was condemning our inability to
check cargo at any point of entry, whether by sea or land. Congress's Government
Accountability Office reported that in a test conducted last year, undercover
investigators smuggled enough radioactive material past border inspectors to
fuel two dirty bombs.

To add insult to this potential nuclear Armageddon, Afghanistan is falling back
into the hands of religious fanatics; not even the U.S.-backed president, Hamid
Karzai, dared to publicly intervene in the trial of a man facing execution for
converting from Islam to Christianity. ''The Taliban and Al Qaeda are
everywhere'' is how a shopkeeper described the situation to the American
commander in Afghanistan, The New York Times reported last week.

These were the conditions that spawned the hijackers of ''United 93'' all four
of them trained in Qaeda camps in Afghanistan under Taliban rule. At this rate,
America is in danger of marking the next anniversary of Sept. 11 with a reboot
of the Afghanistan war we were supposed to have won more than four years ago.

Our level of denial about these setbacks is embedded not just in the White
House, which blithely keeps telling us ''we're winning'' the war on terror, but
also in the culture. The decision of most major networks and newspapers to avoid
showing the inflammatory Danish Muhammad cartoons attests less to our heightened
religious sensitivities (we've all run reproductions of art Christians and Jews
find blasphemous) than to our deep-seated fear of the terrorists' unimpeded
power to strike back.

We also practice denial by manufacturing vicarious and symbolic victories at
home to compensate for those we are not winning abroad. Two major liberties
taken with the known facts in ''United 93'' sequences suggesting that passengers
thrashed and possibly killed two of the hijackers and succeeded in entering the
cockpit are highly cathartic but unsupported by the evidence.

In its way, the Moussaoui prosecution conducted its own Hollywood rewrite by
exaggerating the stature of the only person to go to trial for crimes related to
Sept. 11. The larger this marginal creep loomed, the better the proxy he'd be
for those we let get away, starting with bin Laden. Perhaps we might even be
tempted to forget that FBI incompetence had kept us from squeezing Moussaoui (or
his computer) for information that might have saved lives during the weeks he
languished in jail before Sept. 11.

Two of the FBI bosses who repeatedly squelched Moussaoui search warrants in
August 2001 remained at the FBI as he went to trial. The genuinely significant
Sept. 11 figures in U.S. custody, like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, cannot be
prosecuted because their firsthand accounts of our ''interrogation techniques''
at Guantanamo and our ''black sites'' are bound to incite more terrorists.

Meanwhile, the U.S. leaders who devote every waking moment to defending their
indefensible decisions in Iraq have squandered the energy, the armed forces and
the international good will needed to fight the war that began on Sept. 11 and
that, in our own State Department's words, is ''still in the first phase.''

That's the scenario before us now. Next to it, ''United 93'' may in time look as
escapist as the Robin Williams vehicle that outgrossed it last weekend, ''RV.''

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Utah: Vulnerability Summary for CVE-2014-4880

LENGTH: 232  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Computer Emergency Readiness Team, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Overview

Buffer overflow in Hikvision DVR DS-7204 Firmware 2.2.10 build 131009, and other
models and versions, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an
RTSP PLAY request with a long Authorization header.
References to Advisories, Solutions, and Tools

By selecting these links, you will be leaving NIST webspace. We have provided
these links to other web sites because they may have information that would be
of interest to you. No inferences should be drawn on account of other sites
being referenced, or not, from this page. There may be other web sites that are
more appropriate for your purpose. NIST does not necessarily endorse the views
expressed, or concur with the facts presented on these sites. Further, NIST does
not endorse any commercial products that may be mentioned on these sites. Please
address comments about this page to nvd@nist.gov
External Source: MISC
Name:
http://packetstormsecurity.com/files/129187/Hikvision-DVR-RTSP-Request-Remote-Co
de-Execution.html
Hyperlink:
http://packetstormsecurity.com/files/129187/Hikvision-DVR-RTSP-Request-Remote-Co
de-Execution.html
External Source: EXPLOIT-DB
Name: 35356
Hyperlink: http://www.exploit-db.com/exploits/35356

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Respect Amish Wins Support

BYLINE: Tom Knapp

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 918  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

tknapp@lnpnews.com

Reality just got a little harsher for the purveyors of slanted Amish programming
in Lancaster County.

Two major players in the local business and tourism world have thrown their
weight beyond the so-called Respect Amish movement, which argues that shows such
as "Amish Mafia" and "Breaking Amish" misrepresent and exploit the culture under
the guise of reality television.

The Lancaster Chamber of Commerce & Industry and the Pennsylvania Dutch
Convention and Visitors Bureau on Wednesday issued a joint statement supporting
the tenets of Respect Amish, a movement launched in June by local filmmaker Mary
Haverstick.

"This really is the heart of our business and tourism communities that is saying
we don't want to support these shows any more," Haverstick said.

The statement asks members of the two agencies to "refrain from providing any
assistance to these destructive attempts to exploit the Amish lifestyle."

Haverstick calls the phenomenon "Amish-sploitation." In June, she created a
Facebook group, Lancastrians Against Amish-sploitation Films & TV Shows, which
quickly gained more than 1,000 members.

The Chamber and Visitors Bureau together represent more than 3,000 local
businesses.

"While our economy has thrived, our arts and culture have diversified and our
growing population has discovered the many assets of Lancaster County living, we
have remained steadfast in our support and appreciation for living side by side
with our neighbors in the Amish culture - a support and appreciation that begins
with respecting their lifestyle," the statement reads in part.

"Over the last few years, a growing number of TV-based attempts have been made
to exploit this lifestyle. These attempts, often under the guise of 'reality
television,' raise serious questions of religious and cultural bias."

This exploitation, the statement continues, "consistently portrays the entire
county in a negative light and stands to significantly damage our overall
reputation as a wonderful place to live, visit and do business."

The Chamber and Visitors Bureau "encourage the business community and the
community-at-large to refrain from providing any assistance to these destructive
attempts to exploit the Amish lifestyle."

Joel Cliff, director of public relations for the Visitors Bureau, said they've
been supporting a more honest presentation of Amish life for about two years
now.

"Certainly Mary has taken a good set of messages and really turned them into a
vehicle for a movement," he said. "We've been sharing similar messages with our
membership.

"Joining in with such a public vehicle seemed like a good idea. In talking with
the Chamber, we thought it would be a powerful statement if we issued it
together."

Cliff disputes the claim by some that shows such as "Amish Mafia" are good for
the tourist industry.

"We've certainly had enquiries about the shows, but it hasn't been
overwhelming," he said.

"How much it's actually driving visitorship is up for debate," he said.
"Whenever we get an enquiry about it, we share the true story about what
Lancaster County is about and invite them to come experience the truth.

"But I would question how much it drives tourism," he added. "It's little more
than titillation for a lot of folks."

Chamber president Tom Baldrige said there might be anecdotal evidence supporting
the notion that Amish "reality TV" is boosting local tourism, "but the larger
question is, at what cost?"

"It's in effect turning a culture, that has been a long-standing pillar of
respect, into a fad. And one which I question would have any kind of long-term
sustainability.

"It shows a lack of respect."

Baldrige said he has heard many conversations among the local business community
about the way these programs represent Lancaster to the viewing public.

"There is no doubt about the fact that they are giving an impression of a
community that is anything but reality," he said. "I'm speaking not just about
the Amish community, but the greater Lancaster community."

Like-minded individuals are coalescing around the Respect Amish movement,
Baldrige said. "We decided now would be a good time to express our concern about
the images that are portrayed in these programs and how that could be
detrimental to the county."

Haverstick says that, while she helped get the ball rolling with her Facebook
group and website, others have kept up the momentum.

"I've been kind of busy with other things," she said Wednesday. "Other people in
our group have gone forward and made connections."

The Visitors Bureau, for instance, was "on our side of the issue before the
issue was really out there. They were supportive, and I thought maybe that
support should be formalized."

Haverstick said she has been contacted by numerous representatives of the local
Amish community who are grateful that people here are taking a stand for their
public image.

Shows like "Amish Mafia are "not reflecting well on our area," she said. "It's
insulting and injurious to the Amish."

She's also spoken with several people who have worked on the shows, either as
extras or crew, who now regret their involvement.

"Our goal isn't to make people feel bad who have worked on these shows in the
past," she said. "It's all about waking up Lancaster now. We were all asleep at
the switch.

"I think this is only the beginning," she added. "The welcome mat isn't out as
much as it was here in Lancaster. ... You need support from a community in order
to film there. If you don't have it, why would you want to be there?"

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff In This 2013 File Photo, A Buggy Passes A Man Pulling A Wagon
Along Route 340 Near Intercourse. Blaine T. Shahan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Alabama Man Sentenced to 10 Years In Prison For Child Exploitation

LENGTH: 480  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of
Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  Wesley Scott Greene, 25, of Opelika, Alabama, was sentenced by Chief U.S.
District Judge Sharion Aycock in Aberdeen, Mississippi, today to serve 120
months in prison for child exploitation, and 120 months in prison for crossing
state lines to engage in sexual activity with a minor. Greene will serve the two
sentences concurrently.





 Greene will also serve 10 years of supervised release following his
incarceration. Greene was remanded to the custody of the United States Marshals
Service to begin his sentence.



 U.S. Attorney Felicia C. Adams of the Northern District of Mississippi, Special
Agent in Charge Christopher Freeze of the FBI's Jackson, Mississippi Division,
and Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood made the announcement.



 "The United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Mississippi
is committed to the protection of our children and we will vigorously prosecute
those predators who seek to exploit and abuse them.  Our office appreciates the
hard work of all the federal, state, and local agencies that participated in
this investigation," said U.S. Attorney Adams.



 "As technology advances, criminals continue to find new ways to prey on
children," said Christopher Freeze, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI in
Mississippi. "The FBI will remain vigilant to technological advances to stay one
step ahead of those attempting to exploit children."



 "The conclusion of this case is another good example of how effective law
enforcement agencies can be when they work collaboratively to take criminals off
the streets and away from our children," said Mississippi Attorney General Jim
Hood.  "It's extremely important for us to continue working together as state,
federal and local partners to protect kids from those who would exploit and
abuse them."



 Greene was arrested by FBI Agents and Task Force Officers on March 24, 2016 in
his former hometown of Opelika, Alabama.  In April 2016, the federal grand jury
returned a two count indictment charging Greene with violations of 18 USC
2422(b), using facilities in interstate commerce to entice or coerce a minor to
engage in sexual activity, and 18 USC 2423(b), traveling in interstate commerce
to engage in sexual activity of a minor. On July 25, 2016, Greene pled guilty to
both charges.



 The FBI Jackson Division's Child Exploitation Task Force conducted the
investigation with assistance from the Itawamba County Sheriff's Department and
the FBI in Auburn, Alabama. The task force is composed of agents from the FBI
and the Mississippi Attorney General's Office and prosecutors from the United
States Attorney's Offices in Oxford and Jackson.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Alabama Man Sentenced to 10 Years In Prison For Child Exploitation

LENGTH: 480  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of
Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  Wesley Scott Greene, 25, of Opelika, Alabama, was sentenced by Chief U.S.
District Judge Sharion Aycock in Aberdeen, Mississippi, today to serve 120
months in prison for child exploitation, and 120 months in prison for crossing
state lines to engage in sexual activity with a minor. Greene will serve the two
sentences concurrently.





 Greene will also serve 10 years of supervised release following his
incarceration. Greene was remanded to the custody of the United States Marshals
Service to begin his sentence.



 U.S. Attorney Felicia C. Adams of the Northern District of Mississippi, Special
Agent in Charge Christopher Freeze of the FBI's Jackson, Mississippi Division,
and Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood made the announcement.



 "The United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Mississippi
is committed to the protection of our children and we will vigorously prosecute
those predators who seek to exploit and abuse them.  Our office appreciates the
hard work of all the federal, state, and local agencies that participated in
this investigation," said U.S. Attorney Adams.



 "As technology advances, criminals continue to find new ways to prey on
children," said Christopher Freeze, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI in
Mississippi. "The FBI will remain vigilant to technological advances to stay one
step ahead of those attempting to exploit children."



 "The conclusion of this case is another good example of how effective law
enforcement agencies can be when they work collaboratively to take criminals off
the streets and away from our children," said Mississippi Attorney General Jim
Hood.  "It's extremely important for us to continue working together as state,
federal and local partners to protect kids from those who would exploit and
abuse them."



 Greene was arrested by FBI Agents and Task Force Officers on March 24, 2016 in
his former hometown of Opelika, Alabama.  In April 2016, the federal grand jury
returned a two count indictment charging Greene with violations of 18 USC
2422(b), using facilities in interstate commerce to entice or coerce a minor to
engage in sexual activity, and 18 USC 2423(b), traveling in interstate commerce
to engage in sexual activity of a minor. On July 25, 2016, Greene pled guilty to
both charges.



 The FBI Jackson Division's Child Exploitation Task Force conducted the
investigation with assistance from the Itawamba County Sheriff's Department and
the FBI in Auburn, Alabama. The task force is composed of agents from the FBI
and the Mississippi Attorney General's Office and prosecutors from the United
States Attorney's Offices in Oxford and Jackson.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 27, 2010 Wednesday

OPINION: Printing the good and bad about athletes

BYLINE: Len Painter, Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 624 words


Oct. 27--We're quick to put star athletes on a pedestal. Their exploits grace
the pages of newspapers and television screens every day.

For many of us sports fanatics, the accomplishment of athletes can be a
vicarious experience. I always relish the achievements of professional and
college athletes -- wishing I could have been as successful as them during my
younger days. It wasn't meant to be, so I spend my Saturday and Sunday
afternoons watching the exploits of the Michigan Wolverines, Michigan State
Spartans and -- yes -- the Detroit Lions.

I'm just like any sports fan. I don't like to hear about any off-the-field
troubles. I want to read the positive things they do -- about how they led their
teams to victory.

But, as a newspaper editor, I have an obligation to print the bad things
athletes do, as well as the good things.

I got a call at home last week, informing me that Spring Lake-native Robbie
Aurich -- a star linebacker for the University of Minnesota Duluth football team
-- had been arrested earlier this month after getting into an altercation with
two police officers at a bar in Duluth. I called Tribune Sports Editor Matt
DeYoung and informed him of the situation. We decided to use the Duluth News
Tribune story since they belong to the same news service we use.

I won't get into the details of what happened on Oct. 3. The story that we
printed last Thursday provided all the details. The story painted an
unflattering picture of Aurich, a senior Division II All-American and captain of
the football team.

Some of our readers were unhappy that we printed the story. One person felt the
story "was not news, but sensationalism designed to humiliate a family and
provide fuel for small-town gossip."

I can understand where they are coming from. Robbie Aurich is truly a great
success story.

He was an outstanding football player for the Spring Lake Lakers, but he was
pretty much overlooked by Michigan colleges and universities. So Aurich wound up
at Duluth, where he helped lead them to a national championship two years ago.

He was named the 2009 Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference defensive player
of the year, and has led his team in tackles for the past two years.

Aurich has always been accommodating to the Tribune when we wanted to talk to
him during the school's playoff runs.

So we don't take delight in printing negative stories about athletes like
Aurich. Contrary, we prefer to print positive stories.

But we can't ignore stories that put athletes like Aurich in a bad light. He and
the many other athletes who serve as role models for kids must be held
accountable for their acts. There is no plot to embarrass anyone. If they are
arrested, we're going to have to report it -- as well as the good things they've
done.

In the case of Robbie Aurich, the story was on ESPN and making the rounds on the
Internet.

Some would accuse us of covering up the story if we didn't print it.

We know, too, that there are two sides to a story. Aurich informed Matt DeYoung
that the story printed didn't tell his side of what happened. Aurich has hired
an attorney, and said his lawyer urged him not to talk about his case in the
media.

There is no question that Aurich has had a stellar football career. We hope the
best for Aurich, and that he learns from the incident.

To see more of the Grand Haven Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.grandhaventribune.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101027-NA-OPINION-Printing-the-good-and-bad-about-athletes-1027-20101027

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NA


                                 Copyright 2010


                              154 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                        January, 2001, Northeast Edition

Refusal Rights Gamesmanship In Telecasting Contracts - II;
Chadbourne & Parke LLP (212) 408-5100

BYLINE: ROBERT A. SCHWINGER AND DAVID R. PAHL; Robert A. Schwinger is a Partner
in the Litigation Department of Chadbourne & Parke LLP.  David R. Pahl is Senior
Vice President and General Counsel of ESPN, Inc.

SECTION: CHADBOURNE & PARKE; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 1236 words

HIGHLIGHT: Part I of this article, appearing in the December issue of The
Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, reviewed the holdings by the Delaware Court of
Chancery and the Delaware Supreme Court in the recent USA Cable refusal-rights
litigation.


MSG v. New York Yankees

The MSG case raised a number of issues similar to those in USA Cable, and indeed
the arguments for counsel on both sides before the New York court were peppered
with references to the decision of the Delaware Court of Chancery in USA Cable
the month before.  In MSG, the cable network had a right of last refusal under
its 1988 telecasting contract with the Yankees for the television rights to
Yankee games beginning with the 2001 baseball season.  MSG brought suit under
that provision in respect of a proposed arrangement for Yankees games telecasts
that was made between the Yankees and Trans World International ("TWI").

Under this proposal, starting with the 2001 season, TWI would not itself be
given any telecasting rights for Yankees games.  Rather, it would receive 5% of
the equity in a new company ("Newco") that would hold the telecasting rights for
Yankees baseball games, New Jersey Devils hockey games and New Jersey Nets
basketball games.  This Newco allegedly would also operate another network and
conduct activities and businesses that were unrelated to the Yankees and even to
baseball.  The Yankees and Newco would control all production, origination and
marketing of the game telecasts on the new network, and TWI would be a vendor of
television production services.1

MSG claimed that the Yankees were attempting in bad faith to defeat MSG's
last-refusal right by offering MSG only the 5% stake in Newco that had been
offered to TWI, rather than 100% of the television exploitation rights to the
Yankees games that were being granted to Newco.  MSG asserted that rights within
the subject matter of the existing contract were thus being withheld from it,
and that non-baseball-related rights outside the subject matter of the existing
contract were being forced upon it.2 The Yankees argued that under their
contract with MSG the Yankees had the right to exploit the television rights of
their own games themselves starting in the 2001 season, and that the Yankees
were not required to mimic all the terms of the existing contract in any new
one, as the right in question was a refusal right and not a renewal right.3

The trial court issued an oral ruling from the bench after argument of MSG's
preliminary injunction motion.  Treating the right of last refusal as
essentially "analogous" to the right of first refusal except with respect to
timing,4 the Court focused on what the subject matter of that right was, and
found it to be "the right to exploitation of the Yankees games" starting in the
2001 season.  While agreeing that the Yankees did have the right to exploit
those games "in their own right, if they choose to do so," the Court held that
the Yankees still were required to "extend a bona fide offer to [MSG] to match
those particular rights."5 The Court then stated: "Now, this is a case about not
even half a loaf.  The question is, can you offer half a loaf under the guise of
it being a full loaf.  Well, here, the Yankees have attempted to offer five
percent and designate that as a full loaf."6

The Court stressed that MSG was not being given an opportunity to match the deal
being offered to Newco, the entity that would hold the television rights at
issue. Rather, MSG was only being offered the opportunity to match the specific
monetary terms relating to TWI, the 5% stakeholder in Newco.  The Court held
that MSG had not been given a bona fide offer in compliance with the right of
last refusal, because the 95% component owned by the Yankees had never been
offered to it.7 "[T]o the extent that [the Yankees] invoke their right to
exploit the games, they must make a bona fide offer to [MSG] so that [MSG] can
match the Yankees' proposal to exploit those rights themselves through Newco or
any other entity controlled by the New York Yankees.  I mean otherwise, the
right of last refusal here is a fiction as such.  It would be a fiction because
there would be no actual right.  It is the exclusive right to broadcast the
Yankees games and it's not five percent of the Yankees games, it's any and all
Yankees games"8

It is important to note that it does not appear as though the interposition of
Newco was key to the outcome.  Had the Yankees simply proposed to keep the
rights and exploit them directly, it appears the result would have been the
same.  It is interesting to speculate, however, what the outcome might have been
had the refusal clause at issue not contained any reference to the Yankees'
"otherwise exploit[ing] itself" its games.  Would the Court perhaps have
concluded that, in the absence of such language, the parties contemplated that
self-exploitation did not trigger the refusal right?

In any case, having found MSG to have shown a likelihood of success on its
contract claim under its last-refusal rights, the Court concluded that
injunctive relief was appropriate, noting the important business concerns facing
the network in these refusal-rights circumstances and the difficulty of placing
a monetary value on the absent 95% interest when MSG had yet to receive "a bona
fide offer."9 The Court also noted the threatened disruption to MSG's "goodwill"
without an injunction, and the caselaw favoring injunctive relief when rights of
first refusal are at stake.10

Returning to the "half a loaf" metaphor it had used earlier, the Court stated
that refusal rights serve "to preserve until there is an exercise of that right,
the rights of the parties holding an interest in the same proportion in which
they have held an interest, so you cannot convert a one hundred percent interest
into a five percent interest by means of invoking the so-called right of last
refusal.  That is, in essence, what the Yankees have attempted to do in this
particular case.  That is the essence of this case.  You can't give half a loaf
for what is a full loaf.  If the subject matter is a full loaf, you can't offer
half a loaf."11

The Court thus enjoined the Yankees from entering into or consummating any
agreement with either TWI or Newco insofar as it might concern the subject
matter of the "exploitation of the television right to broadcast the New York
Yankees games" starting in the 2001 season.12

Conclusion

USA Cable involved a rights-owner who offered too much, and MSG a rights-owner
who offered too little.  In each case, the court vigilantly enforced the
principle that the refusal right and the telecaster's duties with respect to
acceptance thereunder are governed by looking at the subject matter of the
existing contract containing the refusal right.  While both cases show that a
telecaster can ignore provisions outside that subject matter and still protect
itself, USA Cable cautions that it is not always obvious which rights will be
deemed within the subject matter and which will be without.  To the extent that
changes in the marketplace for telecasting rights may inspire rights-owners to
seek significant revisions to the kinds of commercial arrangements they hope to
reach with their telecasters, thorny issues may await both sides as they wrestle
with the exercise of contractual refusal rights.

Footnotes
 1Tr., see Part I, December issue, The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, note 3,
at 12-14. 2Id. at 14-15, 18 3Id. at 41-48. 4Id. at 77-78. 5Id. at 81. 6Id. at
81-82. 7Id. at 82-84.  8Id. at 85-86. 9Id. at 86-91. 10Id. at 91-95. 11Id. at
94-96. 12Id. at 98.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Robert A. Schwinger; Photo, David R. Pahl

            Copyright 2001 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.


                              155 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

30 years for man who let others have sex with son

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 273 words


INDIANAPOLIS (AP) An Australian man has been sentenced to 30 years in prison
after authorities said he and his partner had allowed at least eight others to
have sex with their young adopted son for money.

The 36-year-old man is a resident of Queensland and is not being identified by
The Associated Press to protect his son"s identity. The man pleaded guilty in
February to conspiracy to sexually exploit a child and to conspiracy to possess
child pornography and was sentenced Monday by U.S. District Judge Sarah Evans
Barker, the Indianapolis Star reported.

His partner, a 42-year-old American who had been living in Australia, was
sentenced in June to the maximum 40-year sentence. He pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to sexually exploit a child.

According to court documents, the two men became romantically involved in the
late 1990s and began trying to adopt an infant boy.

The men had been living with the boy in California, where they were able to use
falsified records to legalize an adoption, according to court records obtained
by The Associated Press. Court documents also said the men eventually paid
$8,000 to adopt the boy from a woman whose husband had abandoned her.

The boy was between the ages of 2 and 6 when at least eight men had sex with
him.

The men were arrested last year in Los Angeles.

U.S. Attorney Joe Hogsett says the case was prosecuted in the U.S. District
Court in Indianapolis because images of the sex acts involving the young boy
were found on the computer of a man in Anderson, Indiana, in a larger child
exploitation and pornography investigation.

___

Information from: The Indianapolis Star, http://www.indystar.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              July 16, 1999 Friday

Helped Flyers win a Stanley Cup'Cowboy Bill' a ferocious competitor

BYLINE: DAVID LEEDER Sports Reporter

SECTION: LIVES LIVED; BILL FLETT; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 399 words

DATELINE: Toronto


From head to toe, Bill Flett, affectionately known as Cowboy Bill, played the
Old West role perfectly.

The burly, bearded Mr. Flett loved to show off his immense strength and always
dressed the part. His everyday attire consisted of a trademark black hat with a
feather, cowboy boots and jeans. He became so attached to the boots that he had
several similar pairs altered for appropriate occasions, including a set of his
own golf boots -- spikes and all.

There was only one oddity about Cowboy Bill -- his choice of career.

Mr. Flett was best known for his exploits as a hockey player. Born in Vermilion,
Alta., he roamed the countryside, stopping in such minor-league towns as
Rochester, Denver, Tulsa, and Victoria before making the big leagues.

The expansion of the National Hockey League in 1967 brought him a chance for
stardom. After joining the Los Angeles Kings, he became one of the team's most
popular players, not only for his goal-scoring exploits but also his long,
flowing black beard.

Mr. Flett was on the Philadelphia Flyers team that won the Stanley Cup in 1974.
He embodied the ferocious, aggressive style that was typical of the team known
as the "Broad Street Bullies." He was a hard-shooting, relentless right-winger
who didn't avoid physical play.

He later made NHL stops in Toronto and Atlanta before returning home to Alberta.
The Edmonton Oilers, then of the Western Hockey League, acquired him in a rare
inter-league trade from Atlanta in December of 1976. The veteran went with the
Oilers into the NHL during the 1979-80 season. He retired following that
inaugural campaign, having scored 202 goals and gaining 417 points in 689 NHL
games.

In recent years, the popular Mr. Flett again roamed the countryside. This time
he sold building leases in the oil-rich province.

The sun set on the colourful Mr. Flett, 55, on Monday night when he died of
complications from a recent liver transplant. It was an inappropriate ending to
a winning battle with alcoholism.

In 1993, he spent 10 days in an Edmonton hospital after an ulcer burst, the
result of a lifetime of drinking. With the assistance of Oiler owner Peter
Pocklington and general manager Glen Sather, he checked into California's Betty
Ford Clinic. He stayed sober for six years until the effects of his earlier
excesses caught up.

Friends and family will gather to celebrate his life today in Okotoks in
southern Alberta.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1999 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          The Business Times Singapore

A*star signs deal with 2 overseas universities

                          February 12, 2003 Wednesday


EXPLOIT Technologies, the commercial arm of the Agency for Science, Technology &
Research (A*star), yesterday signed an agreement with two universities to share
best practices in technology licensing.

The new partners in the commercialisation expertise-sharing exercise are
London's Imperial College and New York-based Columbia University. The agreement
follows another deal cemented last year between Exploit and Imperial College,
then Exploit's first such collaboration.

Exploit has reached up to 100 small startups here with help for patent
application and cross-licensing and commercialisation.

Later this year, it will organise a series of venture capital talks to educate
the companies on spin-off and other procedures.

The signing of the agreement coincides with a three-day meeting on
commercialisation of patents in bioinformatics, a group of mathematical,
statistical and computing methods to solve biological problems.

Exploit Technologies will work with Imperial College and Columbia University to
build a portfolio of intellectual property.

SECTION: SINGAPORE NEWS

LENGTH: 178 words

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              158 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                             January 7, 2008 Monday

Alan Thicke a hoot as the boozing, degenerate father figure on CBC's JPod

BYLINE: LEE-ANNE GOODMAN The Canadian Press

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 555  words


Alan Thicke is arguably best known for his role as the sweet, warm- hearted
father on the American sitcom Growing Pains.

And so those who fondly remember Jason Seaver may not believe their eyes when
they tune into the new CBC series, JPod, premiering Tuesday night.

"I'm in love!" Thicke tells his 20-something son, Ethan, of the young woman he's
bedding who's a former classmate of the boy's.

"She's a mechanical bull in the sack -- my thighs are bruised like a crate of
plums!"

The 60-year-old Thicke giggles on the line from California, where he lives with
his third wife and youngest son, as he discusses the joy he takes in playing a
character so vastly different from the one he's most closely associated with.

"I read the script and thought this looks familiar in a very unfamiliar kind of
way, in a perverse kind of way," Thicke says of JPod, based on the Douglas
Coupland novel about a group of disgruntled video game programmers in Vancouver.

"The family structure was there -- you know, young people growing up, finding
their way with dad somewhere in the background, but instead of offering that
paternal advice, this dad exploits them all.

"I exploit my kid to get a job, I exploit him to hook me up with his former
algebra classmate with whom I have a little fling but also to help me cover it
up with the wife, I exploit him to keep me supplied with rum and Gatorade during
the day, and at some point I even exploit him to nefariously hide a body. "

He's not the only degenerate on JPod, which bills itself as a drama but is
filled with so many side-splitting moments in its first few episodes that it's
hard to fathom where the drama comes in. Black comedy is a more apt description.

Sherry Miller, a familiar Canadian television personality for decades, plays a
character with her own secrets -- she's running a wildly successful grow-op in
her basement while her husband (Thicke) is getting drunk and chasing young
women.

Thicke, who was born and raised in Kirkland Lake, Ont., agrees that the grow- op
subplot on JPod is a distinctly Canadian touch -- but adds he was surprised to
learn how common marijuana use is in his native land compared to when he was a
young university student.

"I went to the University of Western Ontario in the late '60s and I never heard
of pot until I moved to the U.S. Maybe I just didn't have the right friends or
something, but I was totally shielded from that whole scene.

"I never saw a joint, I never heard of marijuana, I never knew a thing about it
-- and then I came to California and all hell breaks loose."

Thicke is coy when asked whether he has sampled weed in his many years living in
L.A., but says he impressed his adult sons -- including rock star Robin Thicke
-- after hanging out at a party with Snoop Dogg, the hip-hop star with a famous
dope habit.

"They were never prouder of me than when they heard Snoop Dogg say on a radio
show a few months ago that the weirdest person he'd ever smoked dope with was
Alan Thicke," he says with another infectious giggle.

"They started getting calls and people were saying: 'Did Snoop get the name
wrong? Did he mean Robin and said Alan?' What I copped to is that we were all at
a party together and Snoop was smoking so maybe that's what he meant ... all I
can say on this front is that if I were tested, it might have been secondhand
smoke."

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2008 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 15, 2013 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Wall St. Exploits Ethanol Credits, And Prices Spike

BYLINE: By GRETCHEN MORGENSON and ROBERT GEBELOFF

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; THE HOUSE EDGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 3455 words


It was supposed to help clean the air, reduce dependence on foreign oil and
bolster agriculture. But a little known market in ethanol credits has also
become a hot new game on Wall Street.

The federal government created the market in special credits tied to ethanol
eight years ago when it required refiners to mix ethanol into gasoline or buy
credits from companies that do so. The idea was to push refiners to use the
cleaner, renewable fuel, or force them to buy the credits.

A few worried that Wall Street would set out to exploit this young market, fears
the government dismissed. But many people believe that is what happened this
year when the price of the ethanol credits skyrocketed 20-fold in just six
months, according to an analysis of regulatory documents and interviews with
more than 40 people involved in the market, including industry executives,
brokers, traders and analysts.

Traders for big banks and other financial institutions, these people say,
amassed millions of the credits just as refiners were looking to buy more of
them to meet an expanding federal requirement. Industry executives familiar with
JPMorgan Chase's activities, for example, told The Times that the bank offered
to sell them hundreds of millions of the credits earlier this summer. When asked
how the bank had amassed such a stake, the executives said they were told by the
bank that it had stockpiled the credits.

A spokesman for JPMorgan, when asked about the exchange with the executives,
disputed the account, saying the bank does not trade ethanol credits for a
profit in the way it trades other securities, but is registered to deal in
credits through its energy business. From time to time, the spokesman, Brian J.
Marchiony, said in a statement that the bank also purchased credits ''on behalf
of clients who need to fulfill their E.P.A.-mandated obligations,'' though it
had not done so in the past year.

But other market participants, including Thomas D. O'Malley, chairman of PBF
Energy in Parsippany, N.J., identified JPMorgan Chase and other financial
institutions as being active sellers of the credits this year. He said the
institutions had helped transform an environmental program into a profit
machine, contributing to the market frenzy this year. ''These things were
designed to monitor the inclusion of ethanol in the gasoline pool,'' Mr.
O'Malley said. ''They weren't designed to become a speculative item. For the
life of me I can't see the justification for it.''

While banks are by no means the largest player in ethanol credits, Wall Street's
activity in this market reflects a larger effort by financial institutions to
exert their influence over loosely regulated markets for basic commodities, from
aluminum to oil. The opacity of the ethanol credit market makes it difficult to
determine the extent to which large financial actors have profited.

The banks say they have far less influence in the market than others are
suggesting, and are doing nothing wrong. But the activities, while legal, could
have consequences for consumers. In the end, energy analysts say, the outcome
will be felt at the gas pump -- as the higher cost of the ethanol credits gets
tacked onto the price of a gallon of gasoline. (The credits, which cost 7 cents
each in January, peaked at $1.43 in July, and now are trading for 60 cents.)

The Valero Energy Corporation, a refiner that owns thousands of gas stations,
says the squeeze in ethanol credits might cost it $800 million. PBF Energy, also
a refiner, puts its bill at about $200 million. A review by The Times of a
federal registry of nearly 1,500 businesses and individuals in the renewable
fuel market found big Wall Street banks as well as a handful of people with
troubled legal histories among the participants. Several high-profile cases of
fraud have emerged.

Scott Mixon, the acting chief economist of the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission, said in an interview Friday that the issue of banks' involvement in
this market was something the agency was tracking and might look into more
deeply because of the ethanol component. The commission regulates the
commodities futures market, including trading in ethanol and gasoline.

Though the ethanol credits are traded by many major investment houses, they were
created not on Wall Street but in Washington, on Capitol Hill and at the
Environmental Protection Agency. At its inception, the so-called Renewable Fuel
Standard was promoted as a means to reduce the nation's reliance on foreign oil,
fight global warming and provide a boost to farmers. The rules call for a set
amount of ethanol, most of which is made from corn, and other renewable fuels to
be blended with fossil fuels each year, with quotas assigned to individual
refiners and importers.

Every time they mix ethanol into gas, or import fuel already blended with
ethanol, energy companies get a credit from the government, and that credit can
be sold to other companies that don't blend ethanol to help them meet federal
requirements. If refiners fall short of their obligation, they can face fines of
$32,500 a day. To monitor compliance, each gallon of ethanol is assigned a
38-digit Renewable Identification Number, or RIN. Six billion of them were
generated in the first six months of this year.

The E.P.A. makes sure participants comply with the fuel standard. But rules that
apply to almost every other market -- on transparency, disclosure and position
limits, for example -- are not imposed on the trade of RINs, making Wall
Street's role harder to gauge.

If Wall Street traders take a 5 percent stake in a public company's stock, for
instance, they are required by law to flag that they have acquired a sizable
stake in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. There is no such
obligation for traders buying RINs.

Like JPMorgan, other big banks downplay their involvement, contending that they
are in the market primarily because their firms, through subsidiaries and other
arrangements, have ownership interests in gasoline and other energy production
and therefore are required to participate in the federal renewable fuels
program.

Until 1999, regulations barred banks from owning nonfinancial companies like
commodities operations. This was meant to keep banks from self-dealing or
pursuing monopolistic practices in their financial operations that could benefit
their nonfinancial affiliates. Separating these operations, regulators believed,
would also protect a bank's core lending and deposit-taking businesses from
risky trading by nonfinancial units. Those restrictions fell by the wayside with
the passage of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which struck down Depression-era
banking laws. Now, however, the Federal Reserve is reviewing commodities
ownership by banks.

In the case of JPMorgan, the industry executives familiar with its activities in
the RINs market said they were told by a top banker in its commodities operation
about the stockpiling. The executives said the banker maintained that one of
JPMorgan's traders had urged the bank to buy up every available credit. The
executives spoke on the condition of anonymity for fear of harming business
relationships.

Through a spokesman, the banker denied that the conversation took place. Mr.
Marchiony, the JPMorgan spokesman, characterized the report as a
misunderstanding. He denied the bank had stockpiled the credits. He added that
the bank mainly dealt in RINs as a byproduct of its joint venture with a refiner
in Philadelphia. ''The fact of the matter is, we simply don't trade RINs, nor do
we carry an inventory other than a marginal amount for compliance purposes,''
the statement said.

Morgan Stanley also generates RINs through TransMontaigne, a subsidiary with 21
blending facilities, and it trades the credits via the Morgan Stanley Capital
Group. According to regulatory filings, TransMontaigne's biggest customer for
its energy products is the commodities unit of the Morgan Stanley Capital Group,
a trading operation that runs out of the former Texaco headquarters in Purchase,
N.Y.

Mark Lake, a spokesman for Morgan Stanley, said that the firm had not benefited
from the increase in RIN prices in 2013. ''The firm's obligation to purchase
RINs as part of our importing and blending of gasoline exceeded the RINs we have
received from our wholesale business,'' he said.

Mr. Lake declined to discuss Morgan Stanley's holdings of RINs or to say whether
the bank's traders used market information received from TransMontaigne.

Trading on information gleaned from a subsidiary like TransMontaigne would be
illegal in the stock market, but there are no rules against it in commodities.
(Morgan Stanley also holds a stake Heidmar Holdings, of Norwalk, Conn., which
owns a fleet of oil tankers.)

Saule T. Omarova, an associate professor of law at the University of North
Carolina at Chapel Hill, said Morgan Stanley's overlapping activities illustrate
how large financial institutions have become deeply entwined in every aspect of
the commodities markets.

''In the trading chain between the oil well and the gas station,'' Ms. Omarova
said, ''Morgan Stanley is clearly accumulating as many stakes along the way as
possible because that is what gives them the most flexibility of control.''

Seizing an Opportunity

The market in ethanol credits is exactly the kind Wall Street loves: opaque,
lightly regulated and potentially very lucrative.

Officials at the E.P.A., which oversees the market, say they have seen no
evidence of improper trading, like hoarding, in the market. But they do not
police the RIN market as a financial regulator would.

''If there were any evidence now or in the future that that was happening, we
have the ability to amend the regulation to constrain that,'' said Christopher
Grundler, director of E.P.A.'s office of transportation and air quality, which
oversees the renewable fuels program.

It is difficult for outside groups, or even other regulators and law enforcement
agencies, to keep tabs on the market, because the E.P.A. declines to disclose
who actively trades the credits, or how much they trade, citing the
confidentiality of refiners and other participants.

Trading is a private affair, usually conducted by phone, and just about anyone
can participate. In creating the market, the E.P.A. says it did not limit the
market for RINs to refiners and other energy companies because it wanted to
encourage a free market.

Price movements on other commodities futures are limited by the exchanges on
which they trade as a check on speculation. But the biofuel credits are not
traded on an exchange: their prices are unbridled. And, unlike in the broader
financial industry, no formal qualification or license is required before a
broker can start trading.

''There is a RINs trading desk at any major brokerage now,'' said Paul Niznik,
bio-fuels manager for Hart Energy, based in Houston. ''There are people who are
not refiners that are buying and selling RINs like a commodity. They treat it
like something to be traded, to be day-traded.''

The RINs story began in 2005, when the Bush administration joined Democrats in
Congress to pass an energy bill mandating renewable fuel standards. That law was
broadened in 2007 to establish requirements for the amount of biofuel to be
blended into gasoline annually through 2022. This year, refiners and importers
are required to blend 13.8 billion gallons of ethanol, up from 13.2 billion last
year. For 2014, the figure is 14.4 billion.

But the estimates Congress used about how much gas Americans would keep buying
were wrong. When the biofuel credits were created, gasoline consumption was
projected to grow 6 percent by 2013. But thanks in large part to the recession
and more fuel-efficient cars, consumption has actually fallen.

As a result, refiners this year began hitting what is known as ''the blend
wall,'' meaning that the amount of ethanol the government is requiring them to
use is close to the maximum amount that can be blended into gasoline without
creating problems for gas stations and motorists.

Distributing gasoline with greater levels of ethanol is more costly and corrodes
gas station pumps and tanks. Raising the ethanol level in gasoline, therefore,
would require gas stations across America to install new systems. Therefore,
refiners have turned to RINs to meet their government obligations rather than
blend more ethanol into gasoline.

Some say financial players saw it coming, and jumped into the market.

''When you see something change as rapidly as this, somebody's hoarding them,
somebody's buying them, somebody's making big bucks,'' said Senator Thomas A.
Coburn, Republican of Oklahoma, a big oil state. After his staff examined the
run-up in prices this summer, he said he was concerned that ''big moneyed
interests'' were gaming the credits.

For now, companies like Valero say that they are eating the cost of high RIN
prices, which are still eight times more expensive than they were in January.
But industry analysts, executives and even researchers at the investment banks
predict the cost of the RINs' surge will be passed along to consumers by
increasing the price of gasoline, if not later this year then next year.

Mr. O'Malley, the chairman of PBF Energy, likens the outcome to a hidden tax on
the public. Unlike other taxes, which go to the government, this one goes to the
speculators.

Double-Dipping on Credits

Every day, RINs are born in places like Fort Lauderdale, Fla., Chesapeake, Va.,
and Bainbridge, Ga. Across a network of 45 fuel terminals in the Southeast, and
along the Mississippi and Ohio rivers, Morgan Stanley's TransMontaigne stores,
blends and distributes gasoline and other fuels.

Even though it is based in Denver, TransMontaigne sits at the center of a
powerful Wall Street energy operation. It delivers 200,000 barrels of refined
petroleum products each day, just under 2.5 percent of the total market, and
plays a role in the RINs market in addition to any trading its parent, Morgan
Stanley, might do. Morgan Stanley bought TransMontaigne in 2006.

For banks, trading RINs for clients can be lucrative. A big reason is that the
credits are far more difficult to buy and sell because they are not traded on
exchanges like stocks. As a result, the difference between the price at which
one party is willing to sell and another is willing to buy is unusually wide.
Those fat spreads mean big money for anyone serving as a middleman.

At a hearing in late July at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, Mr.
Mixon, the commission's acting chief economist, estimated that RIN spreads were
4 percent of a transaction's value. That is far more than the average stock
commission.

In addition to Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase, other big banks, like
Citigroup and Barclays, are also registered with the E.P.A. to trade the
credits.

Edward Westlake, an analyst at Credit Suisse, said many big financial firms have
gone beyond RINs trading and pushed into blending fuel to create them as well.
''Building a tank and blending doesn't cost a lot of money,'' Mr. Westlake said,
''and there are folks on Wall Street who own tanks who are benefiting from the
RINs.''

Bank research departments are also trying to pique investor interest in this
market. Goldman Sachs and Bank of America Merrill Lynch recently published
bullish reports on the market. In July, Morgan Stanley published a report
predicting that RIN prices would keep rising -- and eventually cause gas prices
to spike later this year.

Officials at the E.P.A. do not see excessive influence by financial speculators.
They suggest the price spikes in RINs this year reflect the expectation of a
shortage of the credits because rising renewable fuel mandates are occurring as
consumer demand for gasoline is falling. ''The market is expecting this future
scarcity as the statutory mandates continue to increase,'' Mr. Grundler said.

Others say that prices are up mostly because the oil industry has refused to
invest in renewable energy. For example, Jeremy Martin, a clean energy expert
for the Union of Concerned Scientists, said many of the complaints about the
credits come from industry players who want to see the renewable fuels program
killed.

''It was meant to change behavior, and it was understood that if it was to be
binding, RIN prices would not be close to zero,'' Mr. Martin said.

In fact even before RINs took off, they had become a contentious issue within
the energy industry. Ethanol producers like the renewable fuel standards because
they essentially guarantee a market for their product. But refiners --
particularly those without operations to blend the fuel -- regard the standards
as an onerous and unnecessary business cost.

The Impact at the Pump

Margo T. Oge, who oversaw the creation of the ethanol credit program at the
E.P.A., says that the rising price of RINs -- no matter the cause -- is good
news and an indication that the program's goals are being met.

As the credits get more expensive, she says, oil and gas companies have a
financial incentive to add more ethanol to fuel rather than buy credits. That,
in turn, reduces oil imports and emissions -- which was the point of creating
the system in the first place.

Ms. Oge, who retired from the E.P.A. last year and is now a visiting scholar at
the International Council on Clean Transportation, a research group in
Washington, said RINs were never supposed to affect the price of gasoline at the
pump. If that is the result of the price run-up this year, as many energy
analysts predict, it would be an unwelcome outcome, she said.

''The last thing we wanted in implementing this program is to get price
increases for the consumer,'' she said.

Even beyond the likely rise in gasoline prices, critics of the RINs market say
it is deeply flawed, and they do not share Ms. Oge's optimistic takeaway of this
year's market frenzy.

First, by allowing anyone to trade, including those with no real interest in
energy, the E.P.A. encouraged speculation, the critics say. Second, the market
operates largely in the dark, leaving it vulnerable to manipulation. Third, and
perhaps most significant, the federal requirement for ethanol in gasoline means
oil companies are captive buyers -- meaning they are required to buy the credits
when they do not or cannot blend their own fuel -- a fact that savvy traders use
to their advantage.

''The problem the E.P.A. had is they opened up the market on the trading side,
but restricted it on the obligated side to refiners and importers,'' said
Lawrence J. Goldstein, the former president of the Petroleum Industry Research
Foundation, a nonprofit bipartisan group.

Analysts and others say the market is vulnerable to questionable practices like
short squeezes, where prices are pushed up by holders of the credits to benefit
their positions.

''Anybody who's participating in these markets has the opportunity to throw
their weight around,'' said David J. Hackett, president of Stillwater
Associates, a transportation energy consulting firm. ''Whether it's a hedge fund
or a refiner or ethanol producer, they would tend to drive the market in
directions that are beneficial for whatever their goals.''

An examination by The Times of participants registered with the E.P.A. found
several people with troubled pasts, including one who was accused of helping run
a Ponzi scheme, and another who pleaded guilty to illegal storage of hazardous
waste.

The RINs market has come off the boil recently, but at 60 cents apiece the
credits still cost far more than they did at the beginning of the year. While
the E.P.A. says the market is sound, W. David Montgomery, an economist at Nera
Economic Consulting, a unit of Marsh & McLennan, said the agency should install
an overseer.

The E.P.A. disagrees, but said it was considering providing more data on who
trades and holds RINs and had instituted a voluntary certification system for
participants.

''We are exploring things like increasing the regularity of updating the
transactional data system and providing more information about production
volumes,'' Mr. Grundler, the E.P.A. official, said. ''All are aimed at
increasing confidence in this market and increasing compliance, which is our
major concern.''

But Tom Kloza, an analyst at the Oil Price Information Service, a leading source
of petroleum pricing, said the potential for abuse will not disappear on its
own.

''You could conceivably have a company in the middle holding millions of RINs,''
Mr. Kloza said. ''Any entity could have a 1, 2 or 5 percent market share in RINs
and is waiting to sell them at some explosive gain. I wonder, who's got the
score card?''

The House Edge: Articles in this series are examining the challenges posed by
Wall Street's influence over markets and the prices consumers pay.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/15/business/wall-st-exploits
-ethanol-credits-and-prices-spike.html

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The Chesapeake, Va., operations of TransMontaigne, an oil and
gas transportation company that Morgan Stanley bought in 2006 and which has
generated biofuel credits for it. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JAY PAUL FOR THE NEW YORK
TIMES)
THOMAS D. O'MALLEY, the chairman of PBF Energy in Parsippany, N.J. (PHOTOGRAPH
BY CHESTER HIGGINS Jr./THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A16)
MARGO OGE, former director of the Environmental Protection Agency's office of
transportation and air quality. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DANIEL ROSENBAUM FOR THE NEW YORK
TIMES)
At a Zarco 66 gas station in Lawrence, Kan., left, various fuels. At right, a
Valero station in California. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY CATHRYN FARLEY/REUTERS
JUSTIN SULLIVAN/GETTY IMAGES) (A17) CHARTS: A Shortage Emerges: A decline in
gasoline demand fueled the run-up in prices for ethanol credits.
Gasoline consumption (Sources: E.I.A.)
Why an ethanol credit shortage looms Sources: E.I.A. (gasoline forecasts)
Andrew Lipow, Lipow Oil Associates) (A16)
The Price of a 'Renewable Identification Number': The Environmental Protection
Agency requires gasoline refiners to use a certain amount of ethanol and other
bio-fuels. Refiners can meet the requirement by buying biofuel and blending it
into gasoline or by accumulating credits known as renewable identification
numbers, or RINs. This year, the price of credits has risen amid uncertainty
about the availability of credits and financial speculation. (Sources: Bloomberg

industry reports
 Oil Price Information Service) (A17)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News; Series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              160 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 15, 2012 Thursday

Reading Eagle, Pa., Ask Ron column

BYLINE: Ask Ron is a weekly feature providing answers to quirky curiosities of
the Berks County area., Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 476 words


Nov. 15--Q: What role did a question mark play in Boyertown history?

"Question Mark" was the name of the airplane in which Gen. Carl A. Spaatz,
Boyertown's favorite son, set an endurance flight record in 1929.

Spaatz's exploits as an aviator are well-known.

During World War II, as head of the Army Air Corps, he was instrumental in the
Allied victory in North Africa, the D-Day invasion of Western Europe and the
attack on Japan that brought an end to the war.

Spaatz, then a four-star general, was the first chief of staff of the Air Force
when it was formed after World War II.

Not as well known, though, are his exploits as a cutting-edge aviator nearly two
decades earlier.

Spaatz was a relatively unknown Army Air Corps major in 1929, when he was given
command of what would become the record-setting flight in Question Mark.

He headed the crew that kept the plane, a modified Fokker Trimotor, aloft for
more than 150 hours over California.

The flight, conducted Jan. 1-7, broke a record set a year earlier by a Belgian
crew. Spaatz's crew stayed aloft more than twice as long as the Belgian flight
of 61 hours.

Refueling was the key to keeping the modified 10,395-pound Fokker, officially
known as Atlantic Fokker C-2A, aloft for an extended period.

The C2-A had a fuel capacity of 192 gallons in wing tanks. The plane's
modification, done at the Middletown Air Depot near Harrisburg, installed two
150-gallon tanks in the cabin.

Perhaps the most dramatic moments in the flight came during a nighttime airborne
refueling, a procedure then in its infancy.

Wearing rain gear and goggles, Spaatz opened a hatch in the plane's roof and
attached a hose that was dropped from a refueling plane above. Turbulence caused
the hose to disconnect, and Spaatz was drenched with high-octane aviation fuel,
according to the plane's log.

"We went over the Rose Bowl, and it was very bumpy," recalled Capt. Ira C.
Eaker, a crew member. "I realized Spaatz had been drenched with high-octane
gasoline."

Fearing Spaatz had been burned, Eaker wanted to end the flight. He was overruled
by Spaatz, the ranking officer. Spaatz shed his fuel-drenched clothing, Eaker
recalled, and was wiped off with oil-soaked rags.

Spaatz endured two subsequent fuel spills without injury, using zinc oxide to
protect his eyes.

The record-setting flight complete, Spaatz, in jodhpurs and knee-high leather
boots, posed triumphantly beneath the wing of the modified Fokker. The
photograph is in the files of the Historical Society of Berks County.

Ask Ron is a weekly feature providing answers to quirky curiosities of the Berks
County area. Is there something that you're curious about? Pose the question to
Ron Devlin at 610-371-5030 or rdevlin@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2012 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121115-RE-Reading-Eagle-Pa-Ask-Ron-column-1115-20121115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2012 Reading Eagle


                              161 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 12, 2015 Wednesday

Media Alert: Check Point Presents Research Findings at Black Hat USA 2015 and
DEF CON® 23

LENGTH: 350  words

DATELINE: Tel Aviv


Check Point Software has issued the following new release:

Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (Nasdaq: CHKP), the largest pure-play
security vendor globally, today announced that seven sessions will be presented
by Check Point cyber security experts at Black Hat USA 2015 and DEF CON 23.

Check Point @ Black Hat USA

In a briefing session, Avi Bashan, mobile threat detection technology leader,
and Ohad Bobrov, director of Mobile Threat Prevention, will be presenting the
discovery of a massive vulnerability plaguing Android devices, allowing the
malicious takeover of millions of devices out of the box.

WHAT: Certifi-Gate: Front-door Access to Pwning Millions of Androids with Avi
Bashan and Ohad Bobrov
WHEN: August 6, 2015 at 9:45 AM PT
WHERE: Mandalay Bay | South Seas CDF

Omri Herscovici, security researcher, will be demonstrating CapTipper, a python
tool he developed to analyze, explore, and revive HTTP malicious traffic. The
tool provides security researchers with easy access to served files and
understanding of the network flow, and is useful for researching exploits, as
well as various pre-conditions, versions, obfuscations, plugins and shellcodes.

WHAT: CapTipper with Omri Herscovici
WHEN: August 5, 2015 at 3:30 PM PT
WHERE: Mandalay Bay | Breakers DEJK Station 3

David Oren, exploit research team leader, will outline CuckooSploit, an
environment for comprehensive, automated analysis of web-based exploits, based
on the Cuckoo Sandbox.

WHAT: CuckooSploit with David Oren
WHEN: August 6, 2015 at 3:30 PM PT
WHERE: Mandalay Bay | Breakers DEJK Station 8

Idan Revivo and Ofer Caspi, members of the malware research team, will provide a
demonstration of CuckooDroid, an Android malware analysis solution based on the
popular open source framework Cuckoo Sandbox to automate the malware
investigation process.

WHAT: CuckooDroid - an Automated Malware Analysis Framework with Idan Revivo &
Ofer Caspi
WHEN: August 6, 2015 at 3:30 PM PT
WHERE: Mandalay Bay | Breakers DEJK Station 8

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 26, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

FOLLOW-UP ON THE NEWS;
Protecting Rights Of Wild Horses

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 34, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 262 words


THE case in Federal court boiled down to this: Was the Government violating the
rights of wild horses?

The complaint, filed two years ago by the Fund for Animals and the Animal
Protection Institute, cited the Wild and Free-Roaming Horse and Burro Act of
1971, which protects the animals on Federal lands in the West ''from capture,
branding, harassment or death,'' except when the herds become too large. The
Secretary of the Interior - in practice the Bureau of Land Management - may then
round up the surplus and offer the animals for private adoption.

The law limits each adopter to four animals a year, unless investigation shows a
single owner can care for more. And it says the owners may not exploit the
animals commercially. After a one-year wait to insure humane treatment, the
bureau is empowered to give the adopters title to the animals.

But rounded-up animals have outnumbered qualified adopters. As a result, the
bureau has admitted, it has released thousands of horses to adopters who openly
planned to slaughter or otherwise exploit them.

The law is the law, a Federal District Court in Reno, Nev., has ruled. In
forbidding the practice earlier this month, Judge Howard D. McKibben said that
when ''the adopter expresses an intent to commercially exploit the animals once
title is transferred, the adoption should not be consummated.''

Cleveland Amory, head of the Fund for Animals in New York, hopes the decision
will end ''the reckless and ill-considered round-up of wild horses.''

In Washington the bureau says it will appeal the court ruling.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              163 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 27, 2014 Sunday

Beyond the Finish Line: As collection heads to museums, memories of Don Lash's
running exploits overflow

BYLINE: Mark Bennett, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 1088 words


July 27--ROCKVILLE -- Stepping gingerly through a maze of storage boxes filling
a back room of his late parents' Rockville home, Dave Lash reached his dad's
trophy case and pulled one out.

Dave read the inscription. "New Orleans Mid-Winter Sports Association 2-mile
Run," he said. The majestic silver figure served as the reward for his famed
father's victory in that 1935 race. The trophy also featured a hole drilled
through its pedestal. Dave's dad, Don Lash, turned the prize into a lamp. Don
won so many races in the 1930s and '40s, his mantel and trophy cases ran out of
space.

At one point, race organizers -- aware of the long-distance running star's
overflowing trophy collection -- began asking in advance what alternative prize
he'd prefer.

To maintain his amateur status, Don couldn't accept money. So he'd ask his young
wife, Margaret, if she needed anything. Thus, Don received a sewing machine for
winning one particular race, and got silverware for first-place finishes in
others.

Winning was routine for Don Lash.

A quarter-century after Don's death, his son, Dave, stood in the family's old
home, surrounded by trophy statues, cups and plates, newspaper clippings,
programs from the 1936 Olympics, photographs and other mementos, including
silverware.

"These aren't even all of them," Dave said, grinning.

The collection reflects the remarkable life of Don Lash. He set two world
records, won a record seven consecutive national cross country championships,
earned the James E. Sullivan Award as America's best amateur athlete, competed
in the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, ran down criminals as an Indiana State
Police officer and an FBI agent, ran a real estate business, won five terms in
the Indiana House of Representatives and built a 350-acre camp for kids in the
Parke County wilderness. In a 1988 story, Sports Illustrated labeled Don "the
first great American distance runner" and "perhaps the best U.S. cross country
runner ever."

In 1994, six years after that SI story, Don Lash died in a Terre Haute hospital
at age 82. His beloved wife, Margaret, died last month in Rockville. She was 96.

After her passing, Dave began sorting through the artifacts of his dad's feats.
He invited a reporter and photographer to see the collection in whole before
dispersing its contents to museums at Indiana University (Don's alma mater),
Indianapolis, Parke County and Auburn (a small town in the northeast corner of
Indiana, where Don grew up). Now 72 years old himself, Dave wants the general
public to learn about his father -- and his fellow American track-and-field
athletes of that era -- through displays in the museums. Dave's effort to
compile an inventory enlightened him, too. "I'm finding out all this stuff about
Dad," he said.

Those discoveries add to the countless stories Dave already heard from, and
about, his fleet-footed father.

"There's story after story after story," Dave said.

One epitomizes Don's talent and personal character.

His fame already stretched coast to coast in July 1936, when the U.S. Olympic
Trials began at Randall Island in New York City. A month earlier, Don broke the
legendary Paavo Nurmi's world record in the 2-mile run, locking up his spot on
the U.S. Olympic team that would later compete in the Summer Games at Berlin. At
the Trials, Don sought to qualify also for the 5,000-meter run. (Olympic races
are measured in meters, rather than yards.) The rest of the field included
colorful Californian Louis Zamperini and Lash's IU teammate Tommy Deckard, who
tended to run better in practices than meets.

As usual, Don took the lead, by nearly 40 yards at one point. He looked back and
saw Deckard fading. Unlike Don, Deckard hadn't qualified for the Olympics yet
and needed to finish among the top three in the 5,000 to do so. So Lash slowed
his pace until he pulled even with Deckard and said, "Come on, Tommy, you can do
it ... just stay with me," according to Don's autobiography, "The Iron Man from
Indiana: The Don Lash Story." Don and Deckard ran shoulder to shoulder until the
final stretch, when Lash accelerated and caught Zamperini at the tape for a
dead-heat first-place tie. Deckard placed third and went to Berlin, too.

Don possessed an intense "desire to win," as his son remembered, but risked
victory in this one particular instance because his teammate's chance to compete
in the Olympics was at stake. "I knew it was a great time in history," Don told
Sports Illustrated.

Historic as it was, the '36 Olympics didn't go well for Don and the other
American distance runners. The ship that carried the team, the SS Manhattan,
took 10 days to reach Germany and didn't have enough space for the athletes to
run while onboard. They'd gained weight and lost condition. Don's U.S. teammate
Jesse Owens delivered a fabled performance in the sprints and jumps, winning
four gold medals -- a rebuke of racist German dictator Adolf Hitler -- but the
distance men struggled. Lash finished 13th in the 5,000 and eighth in the
10,000. Finnish runners swept the top spots.

"I'm not making excuses," Lash told SI in '88, "but I thought I would be back in
the 1940 Games in Tokyo. Little did I know."

World War II broke out and those games were canceled, as were the 1944 Olympics.
Don Lash never got another shot at the Olympics, though he tried. Among the
photos in the collection at Rockville is a picture of Don running with sons
Russell, who died four years ago, and Dave, at Ross-Ade Stadium in West
Lafayette in 1947. Don was training for the '48 Olympics, but was already 35
years old and had lost his renowned speed.

The picture remains a favorite for Dave, who became athletic -- he can still do
80 pushups -- but not a world-class runner. His dad was more than a runner,
though. As Dave's daughter, Andie Connor, put it, "Grandpa would say, 'My
athletic career was great while it lasted, but it wasn't the end of the road,'"
she said, standing beside Dave. Religious faith, family and service to others
transcended sport in Don's later years.

As people view pieces of the collection in the museums, Dave hopes they
understand Don's full life. "Maybe he was a great runner, but I would like to
have him remembered how God knew him," he said. Smiling, Dave paused and added,
"You can tell I'm kind of proud of my dad. He was my dad, but he was my hero,
too."

Mark Bennett can be reached at 812-231-4377 or mark.bennett@tribstar.com

___ (c)2014 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) Visit The Tribune-Star (Terre
Haute, Ind.) at tribstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140727-TX-Beyond-the-Finish-Line-As-collection-heads-to-museums-memories-of-Do
n-Lash-s-running-exploits-overflow-0727-20140727

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2014 The Tribune-Star


                              164 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 15, 2012 Thursday

Reading Eagle, Pa., Ask Ron column

BYLINE: Ask Ron is a weekly feature providing answers to quirky curiosities of
the Berks County area., Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 476 words


Nov. 15--Q: What role did a question mark play in Boyertown history?

"Question Mark" was the name of the airplane in which Gen. Carl A. Spaatz,
Boyertown's favorite son, set an endurance flight record in 1929.

Spaatz's exploits as an aviator are well known.

During World War II, as head of the Army Air Corps, he was instrumental in the
Allied victory in North Africa, the D-Day invasion of Western Europe and the
attack on Japan that brought an end to the war.

Spaatz, then a four-star general, was the first chief of staff of the Air Force
when it was formed after World War II.

Not as well known, though, are his exploits as a cutting-edge aviator nearly two
decades earlier.

Spaatz was a relatively unknown Army Air Corps major in 1929, when he was given
command of what would become the record-setting flight in Question Mark.

He headed the crew that kept the plane, a modified Fokker Trimotor, aloft for
more than 150 hours over California.

The flight, conducted Jan. 1-7, broke a record set a year earlier by a Belgian
crew. Spaatz's crew stayed aloft more than twice as long as the Belgian flight
of 61 hours.

Refueling was the key to keeping the modified 10,395-pound Fokker, officially
known as Atlantic Fokker C-2A, aloft for an extended period.

The C2-A had a fuel capacity of 192 gallons in wing tanks. The plane's
modification, done at the Middletown Air Depot near Harrisburg, installed two
150-gallon tanks in the cabin.

Perhaps the most dramatic moments in the flight came during a nighttime airborne
refueling, a procedure then in its infancy.

Wearing rain gear and goggles, Spaatz opened a hatch in the plane's roof and
attached a hose that was dropped from a refueling plane above. Turbulence caused
the hose to disconnect, and Spaatz was drenched with high-octane aviation fuel,
according to the plane's log.

"We went over the Rose Bowl, and it was very bumpy," recalled Capt. Ira C.
Eaker, a crew member. "I realized Spaatz had been drenched with high-octane
gasoline."

Fearing Spaatz had been burned, Eaker wanted to end the flight. He was overruled
by Spaatz, the ranking officer. Spaatz shed his fuel-drenched clothing, Eaker
recalled, and was wiped off with oil-soaked rags.

Spaatz endured two subsequent fuel spills without injury, using zinc oxide to
protect his eyes.

The record-setting flight complete, Spaatz, in jodhpurs and knee-high leather
boots, posed triumphantly beneath the wing of the modified Fokker. The
photograph is in the files of the Historical Society of Berks County.

Ask Ron is a weekly feature providing answers to quirky curiosities of the Berks
County area. Is there something that you're curious about? Pose the question to
Ron Devlin at 610-371-5030 or rdevlin@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2012 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121115-RE-Reading-Eagle-Pa-Ask-Ron-column-1115-20121115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2012 Reading Eagle


                              165 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                             August 16, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

BP views US 'as a colony' to exploit, claims spill lawyer

BYLINE: James Titcomb

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 355 words


BP HAS been accused of treating the US as a colony it "owns and can exploit" by
challenging compensation claims stemming from the Gulf of Mexico oil spill.

Joe Rice, a lawyer who represented more than 100,000 people in a settlement over
the 2010 disaster, compared BP's combative stance with a war between Britain and
the US two centuries ago. He also claimed that BP could do little to prevent
further payouts on top of the £27.3bn it has budgeted for.

As BP's costs related to the spill have spiralled, the company has claimed that
many compensation claims are "fictitious".

Last month, chief executive Bob Dudley said the oil giant was "digging in" on
the "absurd outcomes" of its legal battles.

Mr Rice - who is on a representative committee that negotiated a settlement with
BP in March - said BP's fighting talk amounted to an attack on victims of the
disaster.

"BP views us as a colony that they own and can exploit, it's outrageous," he
told Reuters. "I think they've made a vast strategic error by fighting and
shifting this whole battle. Any goodwill they built up trying to do the right
thing, they have destroyed."

He compared BP's position with a British attack on New Orleans during the
1812-1815 war between the two nations.

BP said: "To hear Mr Rice's xenophobic name-calling and hyperbolic
characterisations, you'd think the war of 1812 was still raging. While we are
willing to pay legitimate claims, we did not agree to pay for fictitious losses,
or for claims that are based on fraud or tainted by corruption.

"We are defending our rights, shining a light on abuses and keeping people
informed.

"This is our legal right - one Mr Rice should remember was at the heart of the
revolution he invokes."

Meanwhile, the oil giant has asked a US judge to prevent US investors, led by
the New York and Ohio pension funds, from being able to launch a collective
lawsuit against the company.

The investors allege that BP and former senior staff members lied about the size
of the Gulf spill and the company's ability to contain an accident to protect
its share price.

BP has denied fraud or any lack of attention to safety.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2013 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                             August 16, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

BP views US as a colony to exploit, claims spill lawyer

BYLINE: James Titcomb

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 355 words


BP HAS been accused of treating the US as a colony it "owns and can exploit" by
challenging compensation claims stemming from the Gulf of Mexico oil spill.

Joe Rice, a lawyer who represented more than 100,000 people in a settlement over
the 2010 disaster, compared BP's combative stance with a war between Britain and
the US two centuries ago. He also claimed that BP could do little to prevent
further payouts on top of the £27.3bn it has budgeted for.

As BP's costs related to the spill have spiralled, the company has claimed that
many compensation claims are "fictitious".

Last month, chief executive Bob Dudley said the oil giant was "digging in" on
the "absurd outcomes" of its legal battles.

Mr Rice - who is on a representative committee that negotiated a settlement with
BP in March - said BP's fighting talk amounted to an attack on victims of the
disaster.

"BP views us as a colony that they own and can exploit, it's outrageous," he
told Reuters. "I think they've made a vast strategic error by fighting and
shifting this whole battle. Any goodwill they built up trying to do the right
thing, they have destroyed."

He compared BP's position with a British attack on New Orleans during the
1812-1815 war between the two nations.

BP said: "To hear Mr Rice's xenophobic name-calling and hyperbolic
characterisations, you'd think the war of 1812 was still raging. While we are
willing to pay legitimate claims, we did not agree to pay for fictitious losses,
or for claims that are based on fraud or tainted by corruption.

"We are defending our rights, shining a light on abuses and keeping people
informed.

"This is our legal right - one Mr Rice should remember was at the heart of the
revolution he invokes."

Meanwhile, the oil giant has asked a US judge to prevent US investors, led by
the New York and Ohio pension funds, from being able to launch a collective
lawsuit against the company.

The investors allege that BP and former senior staff members lied about the size
of the Gulf spill and the company's ability to contain an accident to protect
its share price.

BP has denied fraud or any lack of attention to safety.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2013 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Anadolu Agency (AA)

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

US, UK have no moral authority to intervene in any country: American author

LENGTH: 715 words


American author and university professor Horace Campbell believes the US and
Britain have lost moral authority to intervene in any conflict in the world
because recent history shows they intervene to exploit natural resources By
Hassan Isilow - Anadolu Agency PRETORIA - American author and university
professor Horace Campbell believes the US and Britain have lost moral authority
to intervene in any conflict in the world because recent history shows they
intervene to exploit natural resources. "If the world is going to have any
military interventions in any country then it must come from countries that have
no history or institutions of exploitation," professor Campbell, the author of a
new book titled:  Global NATO and the Catastrophic Failure in Libya, told
Anadolu Agency. Campbell, who teaches at the Syracuse University, a private
research university located in Syracuse, New York, said the world should be
careful now that America and its allies were contemplating a military
intervention in Syria. The US, Britain and other western allies are mulling a
military strike against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad over the alleged use of
chemical weapons by his regime.

A UN investigation team in Syria is expected to release a report on a chemical
attack early next week after leaving the country. US President Barak Obama said
he has not yet taken a decision to strike Syria, but insisted the use of
chemical weapons by the Assad regime must have international consequences. The
British government has announced it could intervene in Syria without a UN
mandate on "humanitarian basis."   - Failed Libya   Professor Campbell,
currently visiting South Africa, claimed NATO struck Libya under the pretext of
helping to protect civilians but instead stole their natural resources, and
turned the country into a base for western destabilization of North Africa. "No
imperial power ever says they are intervening in any country to exploit its
natural resource, but they come under the pretext of helping you to find a
solution to a conflict in your country," he told AA. He criticized African
countries for having failed to unite during the NATO intervention in Libya. "The
UN Security Council resolution 1973 which authorized NATO to invade Libya was
not a mandate for regime change in Libya," argued the scholar. "The resolution
was stretched beyond the responsibility to protect Libyans by NATO so that they
could exploit Libya's natural resources," he claimed. Professor Campbell said
the NATO intervention in Libya had negative impacts on the lives of millions of
Libyans. "The Libyan society is now destabilized with more than 1,700 militias
ravaging the community as a result of the intervention." He argued that prior to
the NATO's intervention Libyans had one of the highest standards of living in
Africa. "Personally I never liked Gaddafi and I believe many didn't like him
too, but it was not the business of the west to institute a regime change in
Libya."   - Egypt   Commenting on the current situation in Egypt, Professor
Campbell expected the crisis would soon come to an end and the military would be
sent back to its barracks. "The Egyptian military will soon leave the political
scene, because the Egyptian people have a very proud history of the military and
they will not accept from within their ranks that the military should continue
to kill people like it is doing," he said. The Egyptian army ousted elected
President Mohamed Morsi, the country's first democratically elected president,
on July 3 following mass protests against him. It suspended the constitution and
installed the head of the constitutional court as interim president. Morsi
supporters have since been holding daily mass protests to demand his
reinstatement. The American academic accused the United Nations Security Council
of having double standards when dealing with some countries, citing Egypt as
example. "On August 14, Egyptian security forces massacred nearly 1,000 people,
why didn't the UNSC intervene to protect civilians?" he said referring to the
security forces' violent dispersal of two major protest camps of Morsi
supporters. "Yet the same global organization passed a resolution to invade
Libya where a lesser number of people had been killed," he said.
englishnews@aa.com.tr

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 400


                          Copyright 2013 Andolu Ajansi
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company


                              168 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (California) on January
17, 2017 titled as "Detecting a heap spray attack"

LENGTH: 172 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,548,990 on January 17, 2017, to Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (California) titled
as "Detecting a heap spray attack"

Inventors: Lu; ChienHua (Santa Clara, CA), Qu; Bo (Fremont, CA), Sanders; Kyle
(Sunnyvale, CA)


Assignee: Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (Santa Clara, CA) (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Various techniques for exploit detection based on heap spray detection are
disclosed. In some embodiments, exploit detection based on heap spray detection
includes executing a program in a virtual environment, monitoring a heap of a
memory while executing the program in the virtual environment, and detecting a
potential heap spray attack based on detecting a burst allocation of a first
plurality of blocks in the heap of the memory, in which each of the first
plurality of blocks is stored in the predefined address range of the memory."

The patent was filed on October 26, 2015 Application No. 14/923,104


LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

New York: Former New York City Public School Teacher Pleads Guilty To Receiving
Child Pornography

LENGTH: 363  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Department of Justice,The New York State has issued the following news
release:



  Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, announced that JON CRUZ, a former teacher and debate coach at the Bronx
High School for Science, pled guilty today to one count of receiving child
pornography.  CRUZ, who was arrested on March 5, 2015, entered his plea before
United States District Judge P. Kevin Castel.





 U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said:  "Crimes that sexually exploit and victimize
children are some of the most disturbing and harmful.  It is particularly so
when those entrusted to teach and guide our children in our schools, instead
lure and then sexually exploit them.  Jon Cruz, a public school teacher and
well-known debate coach, has admitted to doing just that, having now pled guilty
to receiving child pornography."



 According to the Complaint, the Indictment, and other documents filed in the
case, as well as statements made during the plea proceedings:



 From July 2014 through December 2015, JON CRUZ, while employed as a teacher and
debate coach at Bronx High School for Science, engaged in multiple chats over a
mobile communication application and social media service with at least five
minor victims from different states.  In those chats, CRUZ, who was aware of the
ages of the victims, provided payments to the victims in exchange for sexually
explicit photographs of themselves.



 CRUZ, 33, of New York, New York, pled guilty to one count of receiving child
pornography, which carries a mandatory minimum sentence of five years in prison
and a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.  The maximum potential sentence in
this case is prescribed by Congress and is provided here for informational
purposes only, as any sentencing of the defendant will be determined by the
judge.



 Mr. Bharara praised the investigative work of the FBI in this matter.



 This case is being handled by the Office's General Crimes Unit.  Assistant
United States Attorney Shawn G. Crowley is in charge of the prosecution.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                          New York Rights Exchange LLC

                         331 W. 57Th Street  Suite 514
                              New York,  NY 10019
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (914) 953-6099
URL: www.newyorkrightsexchange.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The New York Rights Exchange offers several types of membership for copyright
and trademark holders to exploit, sell, or create publicity for their rights.
Whether you are looking to buy a patented technology or seeking to apply for a
new trademark, the New York Rights Exchange can support you throughout the
process.  For over 15 years the New York Rights Exchange has assited copryright
and trademark holders to exploit and maintain their rights. Why not check out
our membership plans and discover what the new York Rights Exchange can do for
you.  Looking to publically add your copyright, trademark, patent, or
intellectual contractual rights to our growing database? Contact us to today and
have your membership started immediately. Our website is destined to be the
largest online resource for copyright holders.  The mission of NYRE is to help
companies and individuals exploit their "Rights. We define Rights to mean
intellectual property (patents, trademarks and copyrights). Intellectual
Property (IP) is the engine that drives any enterprise.  IP refers to creations
of the mind: inventions, literary and artistic works, and symbols, names,
images, and designs used in commerce. NYRE helps users to create and exploit
"Rights."  NYRE offers a true marketplace where Rights can be bought, sold,
assigned, exchanged, licensed or exploited. NYRE also assists interested parties
in obtaining Rights by providing them with technical assistance.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              171 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            February 20, 2004 Friday

BUSH EXPLOITING 9/11 FOR POLITICS

BYLINE: By DINA TEMPLE - RASTON, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 904 words


Democratic presidential hopeful John Edwards yesterday accused the Republican
Party of exploiting the September 11 terrorist attacks to score political
points.

"I think the president is trying to take political advantage by having the
convention here," Mr. Edwards told an audience at Columbia University. "George
Bush and his team are going to try to exploit this tragedy at their convention
for a few days. They come back when it is convenient, but we're with you every
day, fighting for you every day."

Mayor Bloomberg defended his fellow Republicans, telling reporters that the
Democrats only decided to hold their convention in Boston after he refused to
give them an exclusive right to stage it in New York.

"I was disappointed that the Democrats didn't choose to come here," Mr.
Bloomberg said. "I tried equally hard to get both, and I don't think that either
party, if they had their convention here, is trying to exploit 9/11. 9/11
started here and we paid a terrible price for democracy, and that will always be
part of our history and our culture."

Merely saying September 11th and political advantage in the same sentence sent
political operatives on both sides of the aisle running for cover. Calls placed
to convention officials, state and national party operatives, and even the
various campaigns emitted a chorus of declined comments.

The New York State Democratic Party executive director, Chung Seto, was one of
the few willing to comment on the record. "John Edwards said what New Yorkers
and most Americans feel," she told The New York Sun. "9/11 was such a tremendous
tragedy that no Republican or Democrat should take advantage."

Though it was Mr. Edwards's political nitroglycerin that stole the show
yesterday, he also used the Columbia University speech to take more conventional
swipes at the Bush administration, including its handling of the economy.

"Look what's happened in this city: 125,000 jobs lost, the poverty rate is
rising, 42,000 families filed for bankruptcy, 8,000 more than did in than did in
2000.Across New York State more than 286,000 jobs lost, including 135,000
manufacturing jobs," he said. "There is no place in America that better defines
these two different kinds of America. There's always going to be only one New
York, but there are two different ways of living in New York. There's one of
privilege and comfort, and another one filled with struggle."

Mr. Edwards's focus on New York comes at a time when he has been sinking his
milk teeth into the heels of the front-running Massachusetts senator, John
Kerry. And the nipping appears to be working. He managed to narrow the gap
between himself and Mr. Kerry to single digits in Wisconsin last Tuesday.

New York is one of the 10 "Super Tuesday" races slated for March 2, and how Mr.
Edwards fares here next week could either catapult him ahead of Mr. Kerry or
determine that the best he can hope for is a vice-presidential slot. Coming out
of Wisconsin, where he received 34% of the vote to Mr. Kerry's 40%, the
political spin out of his camp was that Mr. Edwards will receive more cross-over
votes and support from moderate Democrats than Mr. Kerry.

Against that backdrop, Mr. Edwards said he plans to spend five days in New York
campaigning upstate to woo more conservative voters. He has planned stops in
Syracuse, Rochester, Albany, and Buffalo and said yesterday that his
denunciation of the North American Free Trade Agreement will resonate in
communities where manufacturing jobs have evaporated. He has also challenged Mr.
Kerry to a New York debate. So far, the Kerry campaign has not responded.

In Mr. Edwards's speech at Columbia, the Southern senator managed to touch on
New York issues with the specificity of a local politician in what was
essentially his Gotham debut.

"The truth of the matter is that the president only remembers one street in New
York City - Wall Street," he said. "And if you listen to his economic advisers,
as along as Wall Street is doing well, everybody is doing well. How about 125th
Street? How about Flatbush Avenue? How about Fordham Road? How about Jamaica
Avenue?"

After the speech, Mr. Edwards denied that he was seeking to resurrect some of
the divisive themes of the 2001 New York mayoral race when the Bronx borough
president, Fernando Ferrer, described two New Yorks: a blighted one replete with
minorities and a rich one full of people who don't care about the have-nots.

"My message is an optimistic message," he said, seeking to draw a distinction.
"It's not a pessimistic message. My message is we have two Americas, but more
important than recognizing it, is doing something about it."

As Mr. Edwards was speaking, Mayor Bloomberg was 80 blocks farther uptown, at a
Washington Heights groundbreaking where he announced a new $12 million project
that will bring parking and storefronts to the neighborhood. He denounced Mr.
Edwards's comments about the New York economy as "preposterous."

"For anyone to say that, they haven't been here," said Mr. Bloomberg. "We'd love
to have him come here and spend some money and see what goes on. Crime is down.
Welfare rolls are down. Jobs are coming in. People are building. We're here
today to celebrate the kind of growth that somebody's criticizing."

Mr. Edwards won't have New York to himself for long. Mr. Kerry will be in the
city on Monday and his campaign said yesterday that he also intends to campaign
upstate before the March 2 primary.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                              July 21, 2008 Monday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Texans tap cash to hunt newgas;
CITY & BUSINESS EDITED BY DAVID SHAND - THE AIM MARKET

SECTION: CITY ; 45

LENGTH: 198  words


THE Texan oil exploration company Hallwood Energy is tapping into British funds
through an Aim listing intended to raise GBP 50million.

Shares in the company are due to start trading on Friday, when it is expected to
have a market value of GBP 175million.

Hallwood, which has its head office in Dallas in the Lone Star State, and is
incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, is focused on socalled
unconventional gas reserves and specialises in natural gas produced from shale.

Once ignored by the production companies, which preferred easier sources, shale
gas is enjoying a boom as new technology has made it more economic to exploit
such reserves.

Hallwood operates in three areas: the Delaware basin in West Texas; Louisiana;
and the Arkoma basin in Arkansas.

Money raised from the flotation will be used to exploit identified resources in
Texas and Arkansas and to pursue exploration prospects in both Arkansas and
Louisiana.

The company is led by an experienced executive team that has worked together for
15 years, with each member boasting 25 years of industry experience.

The chairman is Tony Gumbiner, and the chief executive Bill Guzzetti.

Oriel Securities is adviser to the listing.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                               May 2, 2014 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Microsoft fixes hacking problem for Internet Explorer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 689 words

CYBERSECURITY

Microsoft fixes IE hacking problem

Microsoft released a security update for its Internet Explorer browser Thursday
to fix a bug that allowed hackers to take over a computer.

The tech company said it will be releasing a similar update for Windows XP, even
though it dropped support for the 12-year-old operating system last month. Users
who have automatic updates enabled should not have to take any action, Microsoft
said.

Microsoft notified users over the weekend about the bug, which affects those
using IE versions 6 through 11. Hackers could exploit the bug to trick users
into opening an infected link or file attachment. Cybersecurity firm FireEye
said about a quarter of worldwide Internet users were potentially affected by
the bug.

In an advisory posted to its Security TechCenter, Microsoft acknowledged that it
was aware of "limited, targeted attacks that attempt to exploit" the bug. The
Department of Homeland Security issued a rare warning about the security flaw
Monday, recommending that users apply Microsoft's mitigation tool kit or try
another Web browser until the problem was fixed.

- Andrea Peterson

ALSO IN BUSINESS

l As the Federal Reserve works  to ensure that the nation's largest banks pose
no undue threats to the financial system, it will avoid imposing unnecessary
rules on small banks, Fed Chair Janet L. Yellen said. In a speech to community
bankers, Yellen said the Fed will consider any harmful effects that new
regulations would have on smaller institutions.

l The Baltimore Sun Media Group,  which publishes the Baltimore Sun and is owned
by Tribune Co., said it has bought two other Maryland newspapers, the Capital in
Annapolis and the Carroll County Times, as well as their associated publications
and Web sites. The deal's financial terms were not disclosed. The Capital has a
daily circulation of about 33,000 while the Carroll County Times has a daily
circulation of about 24,000.

l U.S. car buyers  came out of hibernation in April to spend on pickup trucks
and SUVs, fueling a rebound in auto sales. Total sales grew to just under 1.4
million cars and trucks, up about 8 percent from a year ago. Sales ran at an
annual rate of just over 16 million, according to Autodata. Nissan led the way
with an 18.3 percent increase over a year ago. Chrysler posted a 14 percent
gain. Toyota sales grew by 13 percent. General Motors, which has suffered from
the bad publicity of safety recalls, posted a 7 percent gain.

l Amazon tweaked  its same-day delivery service, bringing it to two more cities,
cutting one and changing the deadline to qualify for the service in some
metropolitan areas. Amazon added Dallas, Los Angeles and San Francisco to the
service, bringing the total number of cities to 12. Las Vegas, where the service
was introduced in 2009, was removed from the list. Same-day delivery lets
shoppers who make purchases by a local cutoff time choose to have them delivered
by 9 p.m. on the same day.

l A group of transportation activists  have filed a lawsuit against San
Francisco seeking to block commuter shuttles - used by Google, Apple and other
tech companies - from using Municipal Railway bus stops, a practice that has
sparked protests by residents. The group, a coalition including Service
Employees International Union Local 1021, sued over concerns that the shuttles
have caused an influx of highly paid workers into the city, driving up housing
costs.

l First-time unemployment claims  surprisingly jumped last week to a two-month
high of 344,000. The number of people filing for initial jobless benefits was up
from the previous week's revised figure of 330,000, the Labor Department said.

l Honda is recalling  24,889 Odyssey minivans from the 2014 model year because
their side air bags may not deploy during a crash. Honda said a shorting
terminal, which prevents deployment of the air bag before it is put into the
vehicle, may have been damaged during the assembly process. That may prevent the
side-curtain air bags from deploying.

- From staff reports and news services

COMING TODAY

l 8:30 a.m.:  April jobs report.

l Earnings:  Berkshire Hathaway, Chevron, CVS Caremark.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             March 17, 2013 Sunday

Greyhounds exploit SNH mismatches

BYLINE: Rich Garven

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 788 words

DATELINE: MANCHESTER, N.H.


MANCHESTER, N.H. - The Assumption College men's basketball team found itself in
a tenuous situation late in its NCAA East Regional Division 2 quarterfinal game
with host Southern New Hampshire University on Saturday.

The Greyhounds had seen a lead that once stood at 14 whittled to six with just
over five minutes to play. Senior captain Tim Beinert walked off the court to
join fellow burly forward Ronson Quick on the bench with five fouls apiece.

The near-capacity crowd inside the SNHU Fieldhouse was fired up and drowning out
the mini-Hound Pound that had trekked here from Worcester.

"Earlier in the year, I think when Timmy fouled out we might have second-guessed
ourselves a little bit," Assumption second-year coach Matt Mahar said before
chuckling and delivering a good news-bad news punch line. "But he's fouled out a
couple of times now, so we're used to that."

The lead was twice reduced to four before the third-seeded Greyhounds used a 5-0
burst fueled by sophomore Terrance Bobb-Jones and a defense that held the
sixth-seeded Penmen without a field goal over the final four minutes to secure a
73-65 victory.

"We've won a lot of close games, and we knew they were going to make a major
push in the second half - the crowd got into it, and it was fun - but you just
have to weather those storms," Mahar said after his club improved to 21-7 with
its fifth win in the last six games while defeating the Penmen (19-11) for the
second time this season.

Assumption, which had been off since being upset in the Northeast-10 Tournament
quarterfinals on March 3, will play its second game in 29 hours when it meets
seventh-seeded Bridgeport at 5 p.m. today here in the semis. The Knights, 22-9
and champions of the East Coast Conference, advanced with a 77-66 win over St.
Anselm.

The Greyhounds went with a core rotation of seven players Saturday, and all made
tangible contributions.

"We have a ton of talent from one to five and with the guys coming off the
bench, so we like to take advantage of that," Beinert said. "We have a big
inside-out mentality, so we just try to exploit that and exploit mismatches. We
have faith in everyone to score."

The 6-foot-6, 255-pound Beinert had 18 points, making all six of his shots, to
lead a frontcourt that fully capitalized on its obvious bulk advantage against
the Penmen, whose heaviest player checked in at 220. The 6-6, 260-pound Quick
had eight points and five rebounds while 6-8, 270-pound sophomore Jimmy
Zenevitch went for six and five, and freshman Tim Kasper, who weighs a mere 210,
went for 10 and three.

"That was the game plan, to dump it into the baseline where the mismatches
were," senior point guard Ryan Rozsnaki said. "We really wanted to beat them up
inside because we felt we had the mismatches there the first time we played
them, and we really exploited that, so we wanted to continue that today."

Assumption's dominance down low is best reflected in these lofty stats: It shot
59 percent from inside the 3-point line and recorded 20 assists on 24 field
goals.

Much of the credit for that exquisite assist-to-basket ratio goes to Rozsnaki.
The old-school style guard made smart decisions and simple passes while never
leaving the floor and filling in the box score to the tune of 7 points, 3
rebounds, 10 assists, 2 steals, 2 blocks and, most impressively, just a single
turnover.

"He's great for us," Mahar said. "Without him, we don't win. You could say that
a lot of the guys on our team, but Ryan really makes us go. He controls the
tempo ... he does a terrific job of keeping his composure, playing methodically
down the stretch and doing all the right things. I'm really proud of him."

Senior guard Kevin Donahue, while hounded into shooting 1 for 6 on 3s, added 12
points, 4 rebounds and 3 assists. Finally, there was the ultra-athletic
Bobb-Jones.

The 6-foot-3, 205-pound guard scored 12 points, corralled a career-high 17
rebounds and doled out six assists in 39 minutes. He made 5 of 7 field goals,
the last two being the biggest as took a baseline feed from Rozsnaki to convert
a layup in traffic before spinning inside for an up-and-under bucket to make it
68-60 with 2:28 to play.

The Greyhounds were never threatened again. The remainder of the game was a
succession of free throws, with the teams ultimately combining for a whopping
69.

"He can go get rebounds and putbacks and finish way up higher than anyone on our
team," Mahar said of Bobb-Jones, who's got better hops than Sam Adams. "And he
had a lot of tap-outs in the second half where he just got a hand on the ball
and tapped it back out to guys waiting around at the top of the key. He just
gives us a whole different look than we're used to having."

Contact Rich Garven at rgarven@telegram.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MANCHESTER, N.H. - The Assumption College men's basketball team found
itself in a tenuous situation late in its NCAA East Regional Division 2
quarterfinal game with host Southern New Hampshire University on Saturday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                             March 17, 2013 Sunday

Greyhounds exploit SNH mismatches

BYLINE: Rich Garven, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 784 words

DATELINE: MANCHESTER, N.H.


The Assumption College men's basketball team found itself in a tenuous situation
late in its NCAA East Regional Division 2 quarterfinal game with host Southern
New Hampshire University on Saturday.

The Greyhounds had seen a lead that once stood at 14 whittled to six with just
over five minutes to play. Senior captain Tim Beinert walked off the court to
join fellow burly forward Ronson Quick on the bench with five fouls apiece.

The near-capacity crowd inside the SNHU Fieldhouse was fired up and drowning out
the mini-Hound Pound that had trekked here from Worcester.

"Earlier in the year, I think when Timmy fouled out we might have second-guessed
ourselves a little bit," Assumption second-year coach Matt Mahar said before
chuckling and delivering a good news-bad news punch line. "But he's fouled out a
couple of times now, so we're used to that."

The lead was twice reduced to four before the third-seeded Greyhounds used a 5-0
burst fueled by sophomore Terrance Bobb-Jones and a defense that held the
sixth-seeded Penmen without a field goal over the final four minutes to secure a
73-65 victory.

"We've won a lot of close games, and we knew they were going to make a major
push in the second half - the crowd got into it, and it was fun - but you just
have to weather those storms," Mahar said after his club improved to 21-7 with
its fifth win in the last six games while defeating the Penmen (19-11) for the
second time this season.

Assumption, which had been off since being upset in the Northeast-10 Tournament
quarterfinals on March 3, will play its second game in 29 hours when it meets
seventh-seeded Bridgeport at 5 p.m. today here in the semis. The Knights, 22-9
and champions of the East Coast Conference, advanced with a 77-66 win over St.
Anselm.

The Greyhounds went with a core rotation of seven players Saturday, and all made
tangible contributions.

"We have a ton of talent from one to five and with the guys coming off the
bench, so we like to take advantage of that," Beinert said. "We have a big
inside-out mentality, so we just try to exploit that and exploit mismatches. We
have faith in everyone to score."

The 6-foot-6, 255-pound Beinert had 18 points, making all six of his shots, to
lead a frontcourt that fully capitalized on its obvious bulk advantage against
the Penmen, whose heaviest player checked in at 220. The 6-6, 260-pound Quick
had eight points and five rebounds while 6-8, 270-pound sophomore Jimmy
Zenevitch went for six and five, and freshman Tim Kasper, who weighs a mere 210,
went for 10 and three.

"That was the game plan, to dump it into the baseline where the mismatches
were," senior point guard Ryan Rozsnaki said. "We really wanted to beat them up
inside because we felt we had the mismatches there the first time we played
them, and we really exploited that, so we wanted to continue that today."

Assumption's dominance down low is best reflected in these lofty stats: It shot
59 percent from inside the 3-point line and recorded 20 assists on 24 field
goals.

Much of the credit for that exquisite assist-to-basket ratio goes to Rozsnaki.
The old-school style guard made smart decisions and simple passes while never
leaving the floor and filling in the box score to the tune of 7 points, 3
rebounds, 10 assists, 2 steals, 2 blocks and, most impressively, just a single
turnover.

"He's great for us," Mahar said. "Without him, we don't win. You could say that
a lot of the guys on our team, but Ryan really makes us go. He controls the
tempo ... he does a terrific job of keeping his composure, playing methodically
down the stretch and doing all the right things. I'm really proud of him."

Senior guard Kevin Donahue, while hounded into shooting 1 for 6 on 3s, added 12
points, 4 rebounds and 3 assists. Finally, there was the ultra-athletic
Bobb-Jones.

The 6-foot-3, 205-pound guard scored 12 points, corralled a career-high 17
rebounds and doled out six assists in 39 minutes. He made 5 of 7 field goals,
the last two being the biggest as took a baseline feed from Rozsnaki to convert
a layup in traffic before spinning inside for an up-and-under bucket to make it
68-60 with 2:28 to play.

The Greyhounds were never threatened again. The remainder of the game was a
succession of free throws, with the teams ultimately combining for a whopping
69.

"He can go get rebounds and putbacks and finish way up higher than anyone on our
team," Mahar said of Bobb-Jones, who's got better hops than Sam Adams. "And he
had a lot of tap-outs in the second half where he just got a hand on the ball
and tapped it back out to guys waiting around at the top of the key. He just
gives us a whole different look than we're used to having."

Contact Rich Garven at rgarven@telegram.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 9, 2003 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Page Two: Nov. 2-8;
Now, a Bounty for Those Saboteurs of Cyberspace

BYLINE:  By John Schwartz

SECTION: Section 4; Column 2; Week in Review Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 261 words


MICROSOFT took a Wild West approach last week to catching bad guys on the
electronic frontier: they put a bounty on the heads of virus writers. The
company announced that it was kicking off a $5 million reward fund, with the
first two awards of $250,000 each being set aside for those who help catch and
convict the people behind MSBlast and SoBig, two particularly nasty programs
that have made their way across the Net this year.

Both programs exploit vulnerabilities in Microsoft's software.

Microsoft's general counsel, Brad Smith, called those who create and release
viruses "the saboteurs of cyberspace."

Many security experts and executives applauded the move, but said that it could
only address part of the problem. "I think that you will always be chasing the
tiger's tail, and not really deterring a motivated hacker from creating a new
exploit," said Matt Dircks, vice president of product management for NetIQ, a
security company based in San Jose, Calif.

But the reward fund could generate tips for investigators, who find few clues in
online crime scenes, said Robert J. Cleary, a former United States attorney for
New Jersey whose office prosecuted one of the few virus writers ever caught:
David Lee Smith, the creator of the 1999 virus known as Melissa. The case
against Mr. Smith was solved in part because of efforts of amateur antivirus
investigators. Mr. Cleary compared virus writing to cases like the Unabomber, in
which the criminal has no real relationship with his victims. "You can't use
conventional methods," he said.   John Schwartz

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Drawing by John Hendrix)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              177 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             July 7, 2011 Thursday

It's looking sunnier for Charlie Day;
Scheming star of quirky TV series gets his biggest role yet in comedy Horrible
Bosses

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E9

LENGTH: 805 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, N.Y.


Charlie Day can't say no to a good scheme.

On It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, the series Day stars in, writes and
produces with Rob McElhenney and Glenn Howerton (airing in Canada on Showcase),
his character's exploits have included trying to sell barrels of gas to
capitalize on high prices at the pump, saving up for retirement with Garbage
Pail Kids cards, and attempting to resolve a real estate squabble with a flaming
bag of poop.

In the new comedy film Horrible Bosses, opening Friday, Day stars alongside
Jason Bateman and Jason Sudeikis as a trio of friends who plot to murder their
variously oppressive managers.

While Day's characters seldom lack enthusiasm for their exploits, their rate of
success is - thankfully - close to nil.

"Schemes are funny because characters' motivations are very clear," Day said in
a recent interview. "You really have to understand why a person is motivated to
do a terrible thing. You're watching a character try and do something that they
really should not be doing, and enjoying watching them fail at it. Because if
they got away with it, it's Hannibal or something."

In the six seasons of Sunny, Day has been a fan favourite for his lovably
deranged behaviour. His character, also named Charlie, is illiterate, addicted
to sniffing glue and extremely fond of cats.

Day's performance on the cult hit - about three self-obsessed friends running a
Philadelphia bar - eventually caught the attention of Hollywood. Last year, he
was generally considered the best part of the romantic comedy Going the
Distance. His unabashed character gleefully spouted sex talk on the street and
instituted an "open door" bathroom policy at home.

Horrible Bosses is Day's biggest movie part yet. For many of his scenes, he's
paired with Jennifer Aniston, who plays his boss, a sexually abusive dentist.

At the sprawling press junket for Horrible Bosses at New York's Waldorf Astoria,
Day appeared as though he had been loaned out to the land of glitzy moviemaking
from the merrily depraved world of It's Always Sunny. He has an exceptionally
easy manner, and a warm glint in his eye for every fan of Sunny that approaches
him.

What's remarkable is how seamlessly Day has transitioned from the fringe to the
mainstream.

"People are like, 'Charlie's becoming a movie star!' I'm like, 'It's about
time,' " says McElhenney. "I feel like this should have happened years ago.
Charlie's just the kind of guy that you can write any scene, any line of
dialogue, and you know he's going to find a way to make it funny."

McElhenney first met Day years ago on a cross-country flight while they were
both struggling actors auditioning for the same part in a sitcom pilot. When
McElhenney created Sunny, he just turned to his friends, including Day. In a wry
bit of casting, Day's wife, actress Mary Elizabeth Ellis, plays Charlie's
unrequited love interest, known only as "The Waitress."

"It was definitely actor first and foremost," Day, a Rhode Island native, says
of his aspirations before Sunny. "I never saw myself as a comedian. I saw myself
as a guy who can act funny. Still when I go on talk shows or whatever, I worry
that I have to live up to some kind of comedic persona."

Day says he, Howerton and McElhenney began simply by playing the worst sides of
themselves, and improvised characteristics (like Charlie's inability to read) as
they went along. It's ironic that he plays someone so uneducated, because Day is
a graduate of Merrimack College, studied acting with Massachusetts' Williamstown
Theater Festival, and his parents - a professor and a music teacher - both have
PhDs in musicology.

"Perhaps a lot of that comes out of my own fear and insecurities of my own
intelligence," says Day.

"Being in such a well-educated family, perhaps I was always nervous about that.
So it was good to make light of that in the show." He waits a beat, and then
adds: "I can read."

As Sunny has grown and continued, the fortunes of its three principals have
flourished, but none more so than Day. Director Guillermo Del Toro has recently
expressed interest in casting him in his film Pacific Rim.

Sudeikis also co-starred with Day in Going the Distance and made a guest
appearance on last season's Sunny.

He's gotten to see up close Day's propensity to get riled up in high-pitched,
rapid-fire fury. Sudeikis calls his humour "hilarious hostility."

"He's already got a funny take on the world and when you give him an emotion to
ride out, he cracks me up," says Sudeikis. "He's very genuine as a person and
therefore as an actor."

That earnestness is one reason why audiences tend to root for Day, however
despicable his schemes.

"I don't think the characters in Sunny would ever go as far as to actually
attempt to have someone murdered, even though they might seem more extreme,"
says Day. "They'd come up with something more clever."

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Day has an easy manner, and a warm glint in his eye for every fan that
approaches. AP

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              178 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              KTLA-TV, Los Angeles

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 19, 2011 Monday

Kobe Bryant Divorce: Final Settlement Expected Next Year

BYLINE: KTLA-TV, Los Angeles

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 452 words


Dec. 19--SANTA ANA, Calif. -- Days after Vanessa Bryant filed for divorce from
Lakers star Kobe Bryant, TMZ reports that information from other basketball
wives may have prompted the split.

According to court documents, Vanessa is seeking to dissolve the marriage due to
"irreconcilable differences."

Celebrity website TMZ quoted sources as saying Vanessa is ending the marriage
because she believes Kobe has been unfaithful, again.

TMZ reports that Kobe's extramarital exploits had increased in frequency as of
late.

Kobe's teammates were "blabbing to their women about the superstar's exploits,"
TMZ says. Those women, in turn, told Vanessa.

Vanessa has filed for joint legal and physical custody of their two children,
Natalia, 8, and Gianna, 5, court documents show.

Photos: Kobe and Vanessa through the years

According to TMZ, the couple has no prenup, meaning 29-year-old Vanessa is
entitled to half of everything.

She has also hired noted divorce lawyer Laura Wasser, who has worked with
Angelina Jolie, Britney Spears and, most recently, Maria Shriver and Kim
Kardashian.

Kobe, who filed his response to the divorce minutes after Vanessa filed her
petition, says he will pay her spousal support.

The couple released a joint statement Friday saying they have resolved all
issues privately, with the assistance of counsel.

A final settlement is not expected to be filed in Orange County Superior Court
until next year.

In 2003, Bryant was arrested for sexually assaulting 19-year old hotel employee
Katelyn Faber in Colorado.

Bryant had checked into The Lodge and Spa at Cordillera in Eagle County in
advance of undergoing knee surgery nearby.

Faber accused Bryant of raping her in his hotel room the night before Bryant was
to have the procedure.

Bryant admitted an adulterous sexual encounter with his accuser, but denied her
sexual assault allegation.

The accusation tarnished Bryant's reputation, as the public's perception of
Bryant plummeted, and his endorsement contracts with McDonald's and Nutella were
terminated.

In September 2004, the assault case was dropped by prosecutors after Faber
refused to testify in the trial.

Afterward, Bryant agreed to apologize to Faber for the incident, including his
public mea culpa: "Although I truly believe this encounter between us was
consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the
same way I did. After months of reviewing discovery, listening to her attorney,
and even her testimony in person, I now understand how she feels that she did
not consent to this encounter."

A civil suit was later filed and settled out of court.

___ (c)2011 KTLA-TV (Los Angeles) Visit KTLA-TV (Los Angeles) at www.ktla.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111219-5LA-Kobe-Bryant-Divorce-Final-Settlement-Expected-Next-Year-1219-201112
19

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5LA


                                 Copyright 2011


                              179 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                               May 7, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Too Soon? It's Too Late for 'United 93'

BYLINE: By Frank Rich

SECTION: Section 4; Column 2; Editorial Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1525 words


DON'T feel guilty if you, like most Americans, have not run or even walked to
see ''United 93.'' The movie that has been almost unanimously acclaimed as a
rite of patriotism second only to singing the national anthem in English is
clinical to the point of absurdity: it reduces the doomed and brave Americans on
board to nameless stick figures with less personality than the passengers in
''Airport.'' Rather than deepening our knowledge of them or their heroism, the
movie caps an hour of air-controller nail-biting with a tasteful re-enactment of
the grisly end.

But it's not a total waste. The debate that preceded the film's arrival actually
does tell us something about the war on terror. The two irrelevant questions
that were asked over and over -- Does ''United 93'' exploit the tragedy? Was it
made too soon? -- reveal just how adrift we are from reality as we head toward
the fifth anniversary of the attacks.

The answer to the first question is yes, of course ''United 93'' exploits 9/11.
It's a Hollywood entertainment marketed to make a profit, with a smoking World
Trade Center on its poster as a gratuitous selling tool and a trailer cunningly
deployed to drum up pre-premiere controversy (a k a publicity) by ambushing
Manhattan audiences. The project's unappetizing commercialism is not mitigated
by Universal Pictures' donation of 10 percent of the opening weekend's so-so
proceeds to a memorial at the site of the crash in Shanksville, Pa. Roughly 50
times that sum is needed to build the memorial (and its cost is peanuts next to
the planned $1 billion extravaganza in New York).

Still, a movie that exploits 9/11 is business as usual. This is America, for
heaven's sake. ''United 93'' is merely the latest in a long line of such
products and relatively restrained at that. This film doesn't use documentary
images of shrouded remains being borne from ground zero, as the Bush-Cheney
campaign ads did two years ago. And it isn't cheesy like the first fictional
9/11 movie, Showtime's ''DC 9/11: Time of Crisis,'' in 2003. That dog, produced
with White House cooperation and larded with twin-tower money shots, starred
Timothy Bottoms as a derring-do President Bush given to pronouncements like ''If
some tinhorn terrorist wants me, tell him to come get me!'' It's amazing that it
hasn't found an honored place beside ''The Rocky Horror Picture Show'' as a
campy midnight perennial.

As for the second question in the ''United 93'' debate, it's disturbing that it
was asked at all. Is this movie too soon? Hardly: it's already been preceded by
two TV movies about the same flight. The question we should be asking instead is
if its message comes too late.

Whatever the movie's other failings, that message is clear and essential: the
identity of the enemy. The film opens with the four hijackers praying to Allah
and, in keeping with the cockpit voice recording played at the Zacarias
Moussaoui trial, portrays them as prayerful right until they murder 40 innocent
people. Such are the Islamic radicals who struck us on 9/11 and whose brethren
have only multiplied since.

Yet how fleeting has been their fame. Thanks to the administration's deliberate
post-9/11 decision to make the enemy who attacked us interchangeable with the
secular fascists of Iraq who did not, the original war on terrorism has been
diluted in its execution and robbed of its support from the American public.
Brian Williams seemed to be hinting as much when, in effusively editorializing
about ''United 93'' on NBC (a sister company of Universal), he suggested that
''it just may be a badly needed reminder for some that we are a nation at war
because of what happened in New York and Washington and in this case in a field
in Pennsylvania.'' But he stopped short of specifying exactly what war he meant,
and that's symptomatic of our confusion. When Americans think about war now,
they don't think about the war prompted by what happened on 9/11 so much as the
war in Iraq, and when they think about Iraq, they don't say, ''Let's roll!,''
they say, ''Let's leave!''

The administration's blurring of the distinction between Al Qaeda and Saddam
threatens to throw out the baby that must survive, the war against Islamic
terrorists, with the Iraqi quagmire. Last fall a Pew Research Center survey
found that Iraq had driven isolationist sentiment in the United States to its
post-Vietnam 1970's high. In a CBS News poll released last week, the percentage
of Americans who name terrorism as the nation's ''most important problem'' fell
to three. Every day we spend in Iraq erodes the war against those who attacked
us on 9/11.

Just how much so was dramatized by an annual report on terrorism issued by the
State Department on the same day that ''United 93'' opened nationwide. The
number of terrorist attacks was up by a factor of nearly four in 2005. While Al
Qaeda is scattered, it has been replaced by what Richard Clarke, the former
counterterrorism czar, describes as ''a many-headed hydra that is just as deadly
and far harder to slay.'' Osama bin Laden, no longer an operational leader,
retains, in the State Department's language, ''the capability to influence
events, and inspire actual and potential terrorists.''

We remain unprepared should they once again strike here. Like Hurricane Katrina
before it, the Dubai Ports tsunami proved yet another indictment of our inept
homeland security. While the country hyperventilated about the prospect of
turning over our ports to a rare Arab ally, every expert on the subject, the
former 9/11 commissioners included, was condemning our inability to check cargo
at any point of entry, whether by sea or land, even if the Sopranos ran the
show. Congress's Government Accountability Office reported that in a test
conducted last year, undercover investigators smuggled enough radioactive
material past our border inspectors to fuel two dirty bombs.

To add insult to this potential nuclear Armageddon, Afghanistan is falling back
into the hands of religious fanatics; not even the country's American-backed
president, Hamid Karzai, dared to publicly intervene in the trial of a man
facing execution for converting from Islam to Christianity. ''The Taliban and Al
Qaeda are everywhere'' is how a shopkeeper described the situation to the
American commander in Afghanistan, The Times reported last week. These were the
conditions that spawned the hijackers of ''United 93'' -- all four of them
trained in Qaeda camps in Afghanistan under Taliban rule. At this rate, we are
in danger of marking the next anniversary of 9/11 with a reboot of the
Afghanistan war we were supposed to have won more than four years ago.

Our level of denial about these setbacks is embedded not just in the White
House, which blithely keeps telling us ''we're winning'' the war on terror, but
also in the culture. The decision of most major networks and newspapers
(including this one) to avoid showing the inflammatory Danish Muhammad cartoons
attests less to our heightened religious sensitivities (we've all run
reproductions of art Christians and Jews find blasphemous) than to our
deep-seated fear of the terrorists' unimpeded power to strike back. The cheers
that greet the long-awaited start of construction at ground zero are all the
louder to drown out the unsettling truth that no major private tenant has bet on
the Freedom Tower's security by signing a lease.

We also practice denial by manufacturing vicarious and symbolic victories at
home to compensate for those we are not winning abroad. Two major liberties
taken with the known facts in ''United 93'' -- sequences suggesting that
passengers thrashed and possibly killed two of the hijackers and succeeded in
entering the cockpit -- are highly cathartic but unsupported by the evidence. In
its way, the Moussaoui prosecution conducted its own Hollywood rewrite by
exaggerating the stature of the only person to go to trial for the crimes of
9/11. The larger this marginal creep loomed, the better the proxy he'd be for
those we let get away (starting with bin Laden). Perhaps we might even be
tempted to forget that F.B.I. incompetence had kept us from squeezing Moussaoui
(or his computer) for information that might have saved lives during the weeks
he languished in jail before 9/11.

Two of the F.B.I. bosses who repeatedly squelched Moussaoui search warrants in
August 2001 remained at the F.B.I. as he went to trial. The genuinely
significant 9/11 figures in American custody, like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed,
cannot be prosecuted because their firsthand accounts of our ''interrogation
techniques'' at Guantanamo and our ''black sites'' are bound to incite more
terrorists. Meanwhile, the American leaders who devote every waking moment to
defending their indefensible decisions in Iraq have squandered the energy, the
armed forces and the international good will needed to fight the war that began
on 9/11 and that, in our own State Department's words, is ''still in the first
phase.''

That's the scenario before us now. Next to it, ''United 93'' may in time look as
escapist as the Robin Williams vehicle that outgrossed it last weekend, ''RV.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Drawing by Barry Blitt)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              180 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             May 14, 2016 Saturday

WRIGLEY YIELD

BYLINE: by TRAVIS SAWCHIK

LENGTH: 683 words


CHICAGO ""Â The Chicago Cubs are not perfect, not infallible, Pirates manager
Clint Hurdle said before his club's 9-4 loss Friday.

Every team, every player has weaknesses. Even the Cubs. Players see the video
evidence that exists. Before Cubs ace Jake Arrieta's start earlier this month at
PNC Park, the Pirates found rare Arrieta miscues to show players on a looped
feed via clubhouse televisions.

"We know there are holes," Hurdle said. "The (San Diego) Padres just showed us
some more."

The Padres handed Chicago its first back-to-back losses of the season Wednesday,
the deepest the Cubs have gone into a season without consecutive losses since
1907. The Cubs made sure they didn't have a third consecutive loss Friday
afternoon at Wrigley Field.

The Pirates have been unable to exploit any Cubs' holes that exist, losing all
four of their games against them this season. The Pirates are eight games behind
the NL preseason favorites. Â

Pirates starting pitcher Francisco Liriano (3-2) was unable to exploit whatever
holes the Cubs possessed in their swings, allowing eight runs in 42â[#x201e]3
innings. It was the most runs he has allowed in a start since giving up nine to
the Atlanta Braves on Aug. 19, 2014.

"I made a lot of mistakes," Liriano said. "Just one of those days I didn't
execute my pitches."

Liriano was coming off back-to-back quality outings. His velocity had improved.
He entered with a 4-1 mark and 1.56 ERA as a Pirate at Wrigley. But this is a
different Cubs lineup, a powerful one, though aided by winds blowing out toward
Lake Michigan on Friday.

After beginning with three scoreless innings, Liriano ran into trouble in the
fourth.

Ben Zobrist began the inning with a single. Jorge Soler walked, then Liriano
made a mistake. He hung a full-count slider to Addison Russell, who slammed it
into the left-center field bleachers for a three-run home run.

But the Cubs weren't hitting only mistakes.

With a man on in the fifth, Kris Bryant turned on an up-and-in fastball for a
two-run shot to left, giving the Cubs a 5-0 lead.

"He's a pretty good hitter," Liriano said. "I tried to go up and in, and he got
it. I threw the pitch where I wanted to."

Later in the inning, Liriano allowed a double to Anthony Rizzo that Andrew
McCutchen couldn't catch on the warning track, followed by walking Soler. With
one out, light-hitting Cubs catcher David Ross hit a three-run homer to
left-center to lift the Cubs to an 8-0 lead. Â

Liriano walked off the mound in disgust "" or disbelief or perhaps both.
McCutchen believed none of the balls would have gone out of PNC Park. But the
game was played in Wrigley, and the Cubs' power is real.

The Cubs have scored the most runs in majors and have allowed the fewest. They
became just the second team in the modern era "" joining the 1902 Pirates "" to
produce a run differential of plus-100 or better through their first 30 games.

Through 34 games, the Cubs' run differential is plus-104. In four games against
the Pirates the Cub's run differential is plus-20.

Some good news for the Pirates?

Gregory Polanco doubled twice, his first extra-base hits since May 2. And
McCutchen launched a two-run homer in the ninth. Hurdle said McCutchen's timing
is improving, his swing becoming more "connected."

But the Pirates did little against Cubs starter Jason Hammel (5-0), who allowed
one earned run in 62â[#x201e]3 innings.

"We hit mistakes," McCutchen said. "He didn't make many of them."

Yes, the Cubs might not be perfect. Yes, it's early. But the odds already are
against the Pirates in the division race. Analytics website FiveThirtyEight.com
gave the Cubs an 84 percent chance of winning the division entering Friday.

"It is whatever it is in May," McCutchen said. "The goal is to win. We haven't
done that against them. ... We weren't able to put runs up (Friday). All you can
do is say, "[#x2dc]Oh, well,' and move on. It's not going to mess my night up.
Just going to keep going out, get ready and prepare for tomorrow."

Travis Sawchik is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. Reach him at
tsawchik@tribweb.com or via Twitter @Sawchik_Trib.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           December 13, 2005 Tuesday

Bengals Adjust, Advance to Win Over Browns

BYLINE: Sports Network

LENGTH: 516 words


(Sports Network) - Carson Palmer is not hiding the fact that he is using

Peyton Manning as his role model.

He divulged that he and wideout Chad Johnson went to a Colts Monday night game

to study how Manning and Marvin Harrison interacted in game situations. And,

like the reigning MVP, Palmer has started to call his own plays at the line of

scrimmage, analyzing the defensive schemes and then finding the best way to

exploit them.

The beauty of being a protege is that it cuts down the angles on the learning

curve.

As amazing as Manning has been over his career, he left himself and his team

vulnerable  by audibling to passing plays too often. While it did lead to

record-setting numbers and continued success in the regular season, this left

the Colts offense one-dimensional and easier to game plan for. Thus, when Indy

would run into a certain mastermind coaching staff that could exploit this

weakness, the end result was never good.

It wasn't until this season that Manning learned to sacrifice the big play for

some clock-eating, defensive-wearing ground yards. This transformation

helped the Colts finally get past New England on their way to a 13-0 record.

It appears that Palmer has taken notice.

The USC product handed the ball off 30 times on Sunday to Rudi Johnson, who

sprang for 169 yards and a touchdown to key a 23-20 win over Cleveland.

The Bengals trailed for much of the game and yet called just 27 pass plays to

34 rushing. Palmer finished with a rather miserable stat line - 13-of-27

for 93 yards with a touchdown and an interception - but Cincinnati eked out a

win in a potential trap game, and maintained a two-game lead over Pittsburgh

in the AFC North as a result.

"They played two high. They put two safeties back and the way they played

today, they said, 'We don't want you to throw the ball, but we'll let you run

it'" said wide receiver T.J. Houshmandzadeh, "That's how they played it. They

wanted to force us to run the ball. That's odd in the NFL. It controls the

clock and wears down defenses."

Added Chad Johnson about opposing defenses, "Either way you do it, you're

going to die."

Cincinnati's ability to adapt and overcome has led to a three-game winning

streak and a 10-3 record. The Bengals in turn are now in a virtual tie with

Denver for the No. 2 seed in the playoffs, and could secure a first-round bye.

If that happens, the only time Palmer would have to travel in the postseason

would be to visit his mentor.

RUDI! RUDI!

Rudi has been nominated as one of three finalists for FedEx Ground NFL Player

of the Week. He's competing for the award with Pittsburgh's Jerome Bettis and

Kansas City's Larry Johnson.

WHO'S HOT

Cornerback Deltha O'Neal had four tackles and the team's lone interception

against the Browns. He has nine picks this season.

WHO'S NOT

Chad Johnson had just two catches for 22 yards Sunday.

UP NEXT

Cincinnati travels to Detroit to take on the lowly Lions. Detroit has dropped

four straight, including a 16-13 loss to Green Bay this past Sunday night, to

fall to 4-9.

© Sports Network

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                            January 2, 2016 Saturday
                                   1 Edition

Resolutions others need to make

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 338 words


The editorial writers at USAToday used events of 2015 to make this
tongue-in-cheek list of resolutions:

In 2016, I resolve to ...

... get out of the beauty pageant business and go back to daytime TV. - Steve
Harvey

... get off of Sunday morning TV and go back to the beauty pageant business. -
Donald Trump

... go to Siberia. Invite Trump. Stay there. - Russian President Vladimir Putin

... set up a private email server to keep all those nosy Republicans and
reporters out of my personal business. Wait. Tried that. Bad idea! - Hillary
Clinton

... stop assuming the American people are sick and tired of hearing about
Hillary's damn emails. - Bernie Sanders

... run the damn ball. - The Seattle Seahawks, who lost the 2015 Super Bowl when
they passed from the New England Patriots' one-yard line.

... inflate the damn ball. - The Patriots

... let the facts get in the way of a good war story. - Former NBC anchor Brian
Williams, who exaggerated his exploits covering the Iraq invasion.

... call my next book Killing Credibility. - Bill O'Reilly, who exaggerated his
exploits covering the Falklands war.

... be thankful I was overshadowed by Williams and O'Reilly. - VA Secretary
Robert McDonald, who falsely claimed he served in special operations forces.

... not complete any sentences that start with, "I know this is a horrible thing
to say." - Former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani, who said, "I know this is a
horrible thing to say, but I do not believe that the president loves America."

... not be so dismissive about the Islamic State terrorist group. - President
Obama

... not take "break a leg" so literally. - Secretary of State John Kerry

... not take Black Like Me so literally. - Rachel Dolezal, former president of
the NAACP's chapter in Spokane, Wash.

... just do my job. - Kim Davis, clerk of Rowan County, Ky.

... create a new "Hastert rule": Don't pay hush money. - Former House speaker
Dennis Hastert, R-Ill.

... schedule Democratic debates when people might actually watch them. - DNC
Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz

Happy New Year!

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ldn


                     Copyright 2016 The Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                            January 1, 2011 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Joseph Gavin;
Aerospace engineer who played an integral part in the first moon landing

BYLINE: MARTIN CHILDS

SECTION: OBITUARIES; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 908 words


Joseph Gavin was an MIT engineer who helped put the first men on the moon and
led the team to save the Apollo 13 crew from disaster. As director of the Lunar
Module programme for Apollo, Gavin had one of the most important roles during
America's race to the moon. He headed the 7,500-strong team that developed the
Eagle, the clunky, lunar-module portion of the Apollo spacecraft that settled on
the lunar surface, the Sea of Tranquillity, on 20 July 1969.

As the world watched, the Apollo 11 commander, Neil Armstrong, announced to
mission control: "Houston, Tranquillity Base here... The Eagle has landed." In
all, the landing craft spent 21 hours and 31 minutes on the lunar surface before
returning the three astronauts to Earth. The landing fulfilled President
Kennedy's goal of reaching the moon before the Soviet Union and by the end of
the 1960s.

Joseph Gleason Gavin Jr was born in 1920 in Somerville, Massachusetts. As he
grew up he was enthralled by the imaginary space exploits of the film-hero Buck
Rogers and the real exploits of the aviator Charles Lindbergh. Gavin once
recalled travelling for hours to see his hero "Lucky Lindy" land at a small
airfield in Vermont.

Graduating from Boston Latin School in 1937, Gavin went on to study at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) where he earned a BSc (1941) and
then his Masters (1942) in aeronautical engineering. While there, he captained
the 1941 varsity (heavyweight) crew. During the Second World War, he was a
lieutenant in the US Navy Reserve, Bureau of Aeronautics, where he spent four
years, and was involved in the early work on jet propulsion. In 1946, he joined
Grumman Aircraft Engineering Corporation, later Grumman Aerospace Corporation,
as a design engineer, working initially on Navy fighters.

In 1962, following his role as chief missile and space engineer for Grumman,
Gavin became director of the Lunar Module Programme. His job was to ensure that
the craft, a combination two-stage rocket and two-man spacecraft, could land
gently on the moon's surface, and take off again to re-join the larger
spacecraft in lunar orbit.

The module had to be light, to limit energy consumption and battery size and, as
there is no air resistance on the moon, reverse acceleration was needed to stop
forward progress. Everything was tested time and again, but with testing
unavailable under lunar conditions, an extensive array of backup systems had to
be installed too, while still minimising weight. Consequently, the module's
estimated cost of $350m soon rose to $1.5bn.

The margins for error were so tiny that when, on the actual flight, Armstrong
changed landing sites because of rocks, the craft had only 20 seconds of fuel
remaining in its tanks. Gavin recalled, "We literally held our breath." Even
more nerve-racking was the lift-off from the moon's surface, a critical step
that could not be simulated in terrestrial tests. As it was, Armstrong and Col.
Edwin Aldrin Jr, the lunar-module pilot, were able to rejoin the third member of
the mission, Lt. Col. Michael Collins, who was orbiting the moon in the command
module, Columbia. This success was repeated on five more missions between 1969
and 1972. In all, Grumman built a dozen modules.

Gavin recalled his experiences with the Apollo programme, saying "There's a
certain exuberance that comes from being out on the edge of technology, where
things are not certain, where there is some risk, and where you make something
work." That risk, however, became very real in 1970 when the Apollo 13 mission
was rocked after an oxygen tank exploded and severely damaged the spacecraft.
Nasa and Grumman engineers, headed by Gavin, scrambled to improvise an emergency
procedure to save the three-man crew by using the lunar module as a lifeboat to
get the astronauts back to Earth. "That was the tensest episode in my career,"
Gavin said. "The team at Grumman developed a personal relationship with every
one of the astronauts in the Apollo era. We were building machines that our
friends would operate, not some faceless individuals unknown to us."

In 1972, Gavin became the president of the Grumman Corporation before going on
to be its chief operating officer and director. During his 39-year career, Gavin
oversaw enterprises as diverse as city buses and wings for the space shuttle.
But it was his shepherding of the lunar module's development, considered by many
to have been the most challenging aspect of the moon voyage, which elevated him
to prominence.

Carl Mueller, a fellow member of MIT's class of 1941 spoke of Gavin as, "a
modest, gentle man whose powerful intellect and effective leadership have
literally put men on the moon and returned them safely to Earth."

After retiring in 1985, Gavin advised the federal government on energy policy
and space matters and pursued charitable interests.

He continued his other passion of downhill skiing until the age of 86.

Gavin received the Nasa Distinguished Public Medal in 1971 for his role in the
Apollo 13 crisis and was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 1974.
He was also a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
and the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics. He was a life member
emeritus of the MIT Corporation.

Joseph G. Gavin Jr. engineer: born Somerville, Massachusetts 18 September 1920;
married 1943 Dorothy Grace Dunklee (two sons; one daughter, deceased); died
Amherst, Massachussetts 30 October 2010.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2011 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     MARCH 17, 2001 Saturday CITY-D EDITION

HAWKS CONFIDENT THEY CAN PICK CARDINAL CLEAN

BYLINE: Ray Parrillo INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 627 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


Yesterday was one of those days when the St. Joseph's Hawks practiced more than
their long-range shooting, box-outs for rebounds, cuts to the basket and
double-teams on the ball handler.

It was also a day for them to practice some serious positive thinking. So they
kept telling themselves, and the media, "Stanford is not unbeatable. Stanford is
not unbeatable." Coach Phil Martelli did not have to put them in a hypnotic
trance to get them to believe it.

"I think they're definitely beatable," 6-foot-10 junior Bill Phillips said.

Stanford (29-2), the No. 1 seed in the NCAA tournament's West Regional and the
No. 2-ranked team in the nation, is a decided favorite to end the Hawks' magical
season when the two teams meet tonight in a second-round game at Cox Arena. The
game is scheduled to start shortly after 8 p.m.

"I think it'll be a good game," Phillips said.

The winner will advance to the regional semifinals next week in Anaheim.

"There's not one Division I-A team in America that hasn't lost a game," added
St. Joe's guard Marvin O'Connor. "We're going to try to exploit their weaknesses
just like they'll try to exploit ours. First, you have to exploit their speed.
Our team is quick. We like to get up and down the court. And even though they
have one of the biggest frontcourts in America, they're not shot blockers, so
we'll be going at them hard. I think their speed is probably the weakness we can
exploit."

A few moments later, Martelli feigned shock that some of his players would dare
to describe the Cardinal as vulnerable.

"Absolutely not true," he said to begin a press conference filled with humorous
stories. "I think they'll be the fastest team we've played, and they'll just
swallow the ball, and I will reprimand our players for saying those things."

Pausing for effect, Martelli added, "Honestly? They don't have a lot of speed,
and they don't block a lot of shots. But they have a lot of weapons. They earned
the right to be 29-2."

If this were a sprint-medley relay, St. Joe's would get to the finish line
first. But this is basketball, and Stanford poses the same problems for the
Hawks (26-6) that it has for every team it has played. The Cardinal are one of
three teams in the country that made more shots than it missed - they shoot an
amazing 51.3 percent from the floor. They're second in the country in
three-point shooting (42.5 percent). They have twin towers who really are twins
- 7-foot Jason Collins and 6-11 Jarron Collins.

"I guess he's just going to find out how well we run the court and block shots,"
Jason Collins said, referring to O'Connor's assessment.

One Stanford guard, 6-6 Casey Jacobsen, hurts opponents from inside and outside.
Another guard, Michael McDonald, doesn't shoot very often, and misses less
frequently. He is an unconscious 50 for 99 (50.5 percent) from three-point
distance. At 6-7, Ryan Mendez is yet another deadeye shooter.

"I'm worried about all of them," Martelli said. "McDonald hits 50 from
three-point territory - that's astounding."

Martelli began his homework on Stanford shortly after the Hawks held off Georgia
Tech, 66-62, on Thursday. He watched three game tapes, got his usual two or
three hours of sleep, then watched two more tapes yesterday morning.

He and his players know an upset is not impossible. A 15th seed, Hampton, beat
second-seeded Iowa State on Thursday night in the West Regional, so nothing in
this tournament seems impossible. Closer to home, Martelli was asked where he
was the day 20 years ago when St. Joe's sent shock waves through the NCAA
tournament by defeating top-ranked De Paul in the second round of the Mideast
Regional in Dayton, Ohio. He recalled every detail.

Ray Parrillo's e-mail address is rparrillo@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LAURA RAUCH, Associated Press - Bill Phillips of St. Joseph's (left),
battling Georgia Tech's Halston Lane, says Stanford can be beaten.

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             June 12, 1993 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

REPORT: JFK JR. MOVES IN

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 366 words


Manhattan lawyer John F. Kennedy Jr. is said to have moved out of his

downtown loft and into actress Darryl Hannah's apartment on the Upper West

Side of Manhattan, according to the New York Observer. Hannah is the first

woman (since Jackie O.) with whom he has lived. When Hannah went to Los

Angeles recently to work on Attack of the 50-Foot Woman, Kennedy apparently

visited her on at least one occasion. Hannah is rumored to have bought a

wedding dress at a recent flea market. A source "close to the actress" told

the Observer that she is "talking about making some significant changes."

JOHNSON REACTS TO ASHE BOOK

Magic Johnson defended himself against posthumous criticism of his sexual
exploits from Arthur Ashe. In a book completed just before his death from

AIDS, Ashe said that the sexual exploits of Johnson and fellow basketball star
Wilt Chamberlain reinforced racist stereotypes. "I have always taken full

responsibility for my actions and risked public alienation by coming forward

with my story," Johnson, who is infected with the AIDS virus, said in a

statement Wednesday. "It is my hope that by taking the straightforward

approach, I have begun and will continue to educate and bring awareness to the
prevention and spread of this disease."

HAVE YOU HEARD . . . ?

* Former U.S. Secretary of State George Shultz received an honorary

doctorate Thursday from Hebrew University in Jerusalem for his support of

Israel and Soviet Jews. Shultz also was awarded honorary citizenship of

Jerusalem by Mayor Teddy Kollek.

* Donna Douglas, who played Ellie Mae on The Beverly Hillbillies, says

Disney and Whoopi Golberg stole the idea for a movie about nuns and turned it
into the hit Sister Act. Douglas and her business partner Curt Wilson filed a
$200,000 lawsuit in a New York federal court Thursday against Disney, Goldberg
and others. A Disney spokesman had no comment on the lawsuit.

* Pennsylvania Gov. Robert Casey said Friday he would enter a Pittsburgh

hospital today to be evaluated for a possible liver transplant. Casey, 61,

said doctors informed him a transplant may be the only way to correct an

inherited liver defect that has led to a progressively worsening heart

condition.

-- Compiled by LOUIS PARK

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  NEWSMAKERS / Ran all editions.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (4 MUGS / KENNEDY, JOHN F. JR.; HANNAH, DARRYL; JOHNSON, MAGIC; &
DOUGLAS, DONNA)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             August 14, 2016 Sunday

Pokemon Go players are breaking the game with an egg exploit

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 218  words


Some players have figured out how to station eggs in gyms, and they're
unbeatable.

In Pokemon GO, eggs aren't supposed to do anything other than sit in your bag
and hatch into a pokemon when you've walked a certain distance. However, it
seems some players are using an exploit to turn eggs into "God Mode" defenders.

Videos have surfaced online of unbeatable gyms, where the gym leaders are eggs.
How exactly players have managed to mess up the game is still unclear, but the
effect is disastrous. Eggs have no moves, and no HP, therefore when placed as
Gym leaders, other players have no way of battling them.

The video above demonstrates this, with the attacking player unable to select
his team or even start the battle at all. All the egg does is occupy the gym and
rack up defender points, and there's nothing anyone can do about it. Reports
indicate that most of the images and videos of egg gyms are somewhat focused in
the New York City. Some Team Instinct players have taken advantage of the
exploit to occupy some gyms, including the New York Times headquarters.

So far, Niantic has made no comment on the glitch, or a possible resolution, but
if you encounter the problem yourself, you can report the bug.

And no, these are not secretly Togepi in disguise.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                         May 11, 2000, Thursday, FINAL

Exploit the loony: Working on a U.S. sitcom more than pays the bills, but to
fully engage his ''rude and ribald'' sense of humour, Eric Idle has to run his
own show

BYLINE: Marke Andrews

SECTION: Queue; C20

LENGTH: 1355 words


''Trim Jeans Theatre presents The Great Escape, with a cast of thousands losing
well over fifteen hundred inches!'' -- Eric Idle, in the Trim Jeans Theatre
sketch from Monty Python's Flying Circus

Eric Idle was celebRating oneis escape from American sitcoms. When contacted
over the telephone from Los Angeles, the ex-Brit comedian had just finished
taping the final show of the four-year series, Suddenly Susan.

Hmm. A season finale, huh. Who dies?

''I think I do,'' he says with a laugh. ''It's the end of the fourth year, and
nobody expects them to pick it up since they made their syndication number. So
it will go off into the limbo of syndication.

''It's been a very good year. I've enjoyed the experience. It's the best job in
the world, being on an American sitcom. They have the best hours and it's a
fabulous way to earn a good living. But it's enough for me. I like to get on
with different things.''

Maybe so, but when Idle and a troupe of actors and musicians come to the Orpheum
for shows Friday (sold out) and Saturday, it will be to perform tried-and-true
material. The show is titled Eric Idle Exploits Monty Python, a singing,
dancing, prancing, mostly silly revue using sketches and songs from the
repertoire of the six-man British comedy troupe Monty Python's Flying Circus,
taking ''stuff'' from the BBC TV show, recordings and movies.

''It's a bit of a kitchen sink show, really,'' Idle, 57, says of Exploits.
''It's basically my favourite stuff, bits that I'm really known for. There's
lots of songs and singalongs. It's like a SillyPalooza. I'll do some sketches
like Nudge and Travel Agent and The Four Yorkshiremen. I'll have a band and some
dancers and some video. It's basically a revue, but silly.''

''I have for a long time been suffering from a species of brain injury which I
incurred during the rigours of childbirth, and I'd like to conclude by putting
my finger up my nose.'' -- Eric Idle, in Our Silliest Interview Ever sketch

Audience members are encouraged to wear costumes, because the show will have a
Spot the Loony game.

Believing that ''nothing has been very much fun in the theatre, in a silly way,
in a long, long time,'' -- the last time the Python troupe toured was 1981 --
Idle hatched the idea of a Python revue, and performed it at Los Angeles' Getty
Museum last year. A good time was had by all.

''We put the words of the songs on a screen, and it was such fun to have a whole
audience at the Getty Museum singing 'Sit on my face and tell me that you love
me.' I can't tell you what fun that is.''

Idle looks forward to returning to Vancouver. He lived here for part of last
year while making the feature film Dudley Do-Right and writing his second adult
novel, The Road to Mars (following Hello Sailor and the children's book The
Quite Remarkable Adventures of the Owl and the Pussycat), and has fond memories
of the city where he and the other five Pythons -- John Cleese, Michael Palin,
Terry Jones, American Terry Gilliam and the late Graham Chapman -- holed up for
a week in 1974 while performing at the Queen Elizabeth Theatre.

''I know Canadians are fabulous about stupid events,'' says Idle. ''They're like
the English. They take being silly very, very seriously.''

''He cuts down trees, he skips and jumps, he likes to press wild flowers. He
puts on women's clothing and hangs around in bars.'' -- the Pythons, from The
Lumberjack Song

On Suddenly Susan, Idle was permitted to change a line here or there, but mostly
he had to keep his thoughts to himself and just act. ''My humour tends to run a
bit more rude and ribald than what they allow on network television, so I shut
up.''

Asked to compare the humour of American sitcoms with that of the British, Idle
begins his answer diplomatically, before saying what he really feels.

''I have some great friends in America who are brilliant comedians. People like
Robin Williams and Steve Martin. But in the media, say, a television network,
you aren't allowed to be as challenging or as daring as you can be in England
because in the United States it's all about capturing ratings. You have to beat
those other shows. In England you don't have that worry.''

Okay, but are you better paid in Los Angeles?

''Hugely better paid,'' he says. ''I love the pay. It's been fabulous.''

''I've always wanted money. To handle. To touch. The smell of the rain-washed
florin.  The lure of the lira. The glitter and the glory of the guinea. The
romance of the rouble. The feel of the franc, the heel of the Deutschmark, the
cold antiseptic sting of the Swiss franc, and the sun-burned splendour of the
Australian dollar!'' -- Eric Idle, from The Money

PROGRAMME SKETCH

Idle moved to Los Angeles six years ago, where he lives with his second wife,
ex- Playboy model Tania Kossvitch, and their nine-year-old daughter Lily.

He thinks living in L.A. is better than Spam.

''You get a wider variety of choices here. Trying to decide what bread I want,
people will ask me, 'Do you want whole wheat, rye, whatever. Everything in
America is choice. In England you have white bread and that's it.''

He does miss a few things about the old country.

''I miss the soccer,'' he says, having learned to call the game by the S word.
''I miss the cricket. I miss some of the theatre and I miss the television. I
don't watch as much television here as I did in England. Here I look forward to
Sundays for The Sopranos, wishing Sex and the City was back on and wishing The
Larry Sanders Show hadn't stopped. I find it's more about regret than marking
dates down on your calendar.''

When asked about Canadian humour, Idle answers: ''Canadian is American humour,
mainly because there are no American humourists, just Canadians who made the
trek south.''

Python fans can be obsessive to say the least. There are many stories about how
John Cleese cannot bear to mingle with the public for fear someone will demand
he do a silly walk. But Idle refuses to badmouth either them or the Python
experience.

''They're not bothersome. At worst they'll start doing the Travel Agent sketch,
and you just nod and go, 'Uh huh. Yes, thank you.'''

The most outlandish costume he ever saw was in Winnipeg during that same 1974
tour, when the entire front row dressed as a caterpillar.

''When the curtain goes up and you see the whole of the front row dressed as a
caterpillar, you know you are not going to lose the evening. ''

When not touring or acting in sitcoms or writing novels, Idle has been working
on is Seussical, a Broadway musical based on the work of children's author Dr.
Seuss which starts rehearsing this summer for a fall New York opening. Idle's
job was to read all of Seuss and come up with a plotline and to choose which
characters to use (he focussed mainly on Horton and the Who). Lynn Ahrens and
Stephen Flaherty, lyricist and composer of Ragtime and Anastasia, have written
the music.

One of Seussical's early backers was the now financially insolvent Garth
Drabinsky, whom Idle calls, ''your notorious man in hiding.''

This weekend's revue is the closest Python fans will get to the troupe. There is
no chance of a reunion, Idle says.

''There's actually negative interest. I tried to get everybody together again. I
tried very hard. I really realized last year that not only were people not
wanting to do it, they were actually against it. It will never happen.

''Graham's dead, and he was always the glue that made people understand each
other. And Python is too huge now. What was just a silly show that we did now
has this legendary status. I think the others are worried that there will be
this inevitable disappointment. I don't think that's true, but it is enough to
worry everybody that they have too much to lose.

''We're in e-mail contact. We don't live in and out of each other's pockets, but
there's affection and mutual experiences and shared business.''

''Hello, I'm your new vicar. Can I interest you in any encyclopedias? How about
brushes? Nylon or bristle? Strong tufted, attractive colours...'' -- Eric Idle,
in The Vicar Salesman sketch


LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P; CP Photo: Quizzing communist legends about British football in a
scene from Live at the Hollywood Bowl. Left to right, Terry Gilliam, Michael
Palin, Eric Idle, John Cleese and Terry Jones.; Photo: Eric Idle in Monty
Python's The Meaning of Life.; Color Photo: Ian Lindsay, Vancouver Sun / Unlike
John Cleese, Monty Python star Eric Idle doesn't mind mingling with the public.
''At worst they'll start doing the Travel Agent sketch, and you just nod and go,
'Uh huh. Yes, thank you.'''

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                              May 24, 2013 Friday

Spam traffic rises in April

SECTION: CONFECTIONERY; Technology

LENGTH: 495 words



HIGHLIGHT: Antivirus provider Kaspersky Lab has released the details of its
latest spam study that show the level of spam in email traffic was up 2.1%
compared with March, and averaged 72.2%.


The percentage of phishing emails decreased by a factor of three compared with
March, dropping to 0.002%. Malicious files were found in 2.4% of all emails, a
decrease of 1.6%.

The amount of 'holiday' spam fell, even though spammers continued to actively
exploit the Easter theme for spreading fraudulent emails and messages containing
adverts for goods and services. Additionally, they tried to draw users'
attention with the names of the world political leaders and tragic events that
took place in the USA - the double bomb blasts at the Boston Marathon and an
explosion at a chemical plant in Texas.

Within a day of the bombings Kaspersky Lab said it registered several mass
mailings containing malicious files or links in spam traffic.

The emails imitated mass mailings from popular news sources (CNN and BBC) and
contained a provocative headline plus a link to a supposed article about the
tragic events. On clicking the link, the user was directed to a fraudulent site
that used the Blackhole 2 exploit folder to attack the system. If this
succeeded, Backdoor.Win32.Papras.ppk was downloaded on the user's computer. This
malicious spyware is designed to steal information from protected browser
connections (HTTPS), cookies, screenshots and computer data (installed programs,
OS configuration) and transfer it to cybercriminals.

Noticeably, a similar malicious mass mailing was registered in Q1 2013. Emails
with a very similar design were used by the fraudsters to spread news about the
new Pope in March.

Yet another mass mailing was used to distribute links to web pages containing
the words Texas, Boston and news in the address. The link sent users to a web
page with a selection of videos of bombings taken from YouTube. This page also
contained an exploit which downloaded a malicious program detected by Kaspersky
Lab as Trojan-PSW.Win32.Tepfer on the user's computer. This Trojan was created
to steal user account details (logins and passwords) from infected computers.

Kapersky Lab said 'Nigerian' fraudsters continued to use the names of famous
political leaders in their emails in April - this time it was Barak Obama and
the son of Muammar Gaddafi. For example, an email supposedly sent on behalf of a
White House employee claimed that the American President was giving 100 gold
bullions to needy people around the world and the recipient of the email was one
of the chosen ones. A German-language 'Nigerian letter' written on behalf of the
assistant of former Libyan president Muammar Gaddafi's son contained the
traditional request for help in saving and investing his mythical millions.

This type of fraud is well-known: once the victim is involved in the
correspondence, the scammers ask for a relatively small sum of money to cover
the middleman's expenses or drawing up documents. The spammers believe that the
huge gap between the money demanded and the promised rewards will make the
potential victim throw caution to the wind and hand over the cash.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            November 6, 2005 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

MAKING CENT OF FITTY'S FLICK

BYLINE: BY DENIS HAMILL

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 773 words


THE ART POLICE are back on the beat.

This protest against "Get Rich or Die Tryin'," the new movie about a guy named
Curtis Jackson, aka 50 Cent, from the Queensbridge projects, is nonsense.

It's no different from the protests against the Al Pacino movie "Cruising" in
1980 or the hysteria created by those inveighing against Mel Gibson's "The
Passion of the Christ" last year.

Get real, people, it's only a movie.

I haven't seen "Get Rich or Die Tryin'," but neither have most of the people who
are demanding that billboards for the movie, which depict 50 Cent with a pistol,
be removed in major American cities. The argument goes that this movie exploits
the hip-hop "gangsta rap" lifestyle.

Even if that's true, so what?

The excellent TV series "The Shield" exploits a band of corrupt cops in Los
Angeles. Are we to ban it from the air because it might add to corruption?

Are we back to the idiotic theory that violent movies beget violence on the
streets? If we follow that line of thinking, then "Hamlet" should be banned.
"The Passion of the Christ" should be banned not because it offends Jews, as
some have claimed, but because it might make some nut crucify a street-corner
preacher.

A similar idiotic protest was made a few years ago against "The Sopranos" by
Italian-American groups that barred cast members from marching in the Columbus
Day Parade. It's a weird irony that the screenwriter of "Get Rich or Die Tryin'
" is Terence Winter from Brooklyn, who won an Emmy for his superb screenwriting
on "The Sopranos."

Winter "keeps it real," as they say on the street. His "Sopranos" scripts
crackle with verisimilitude of the mob lifestyle. While researching "Get Rich or
Die Tryin'," he followed 50 Cent around for about a year, observing, listening,
getting down the stories and the idiom of the street.

There's no telling how his script was translated to the screen because Winter
didn't direct it. But if Winter wrote an honest script loosely based on 50
Cent's life, it will echo with gunfire, sizzle with drug dealing, rattle with
materialistic bling bling and depict misogynistic sex. Excuse me, Mr. and Mrs.
Art Cop, but the Queensbridge projects are not part of Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood.

I grew up in a Brooklyn tenement and a Staten Island housing project. People got
shot and stabbed and sold drugs. I got stabbed. My kid brother got stabbed.
Friends died young from ODs and violence. When I wrote my first novel, "Stomping
Ground," in 1980, it reflected that brutal world. The cover art and ads showed a
bloody straight razor. What should it have depicted? A kid clutching balloons?

50 Cent's stomping ground in Queens produced some of the city's most-ruthless
crack dealers, cop killers and real-life gangstas, like Pappy Mason, Fat Cat
Nichols, Kenneth (Supreme) McGriff and his Supreme Team that sold $200,000 worth
of red cap crack a DAY in the QB projects. Money that bankrolled rap record
labels.

Any movie about 50 Cent, who has been shot nine times himself, that doesn't
reflect that reality is a sanitized Hollywood hoax. If this flick comes off like
a two-hour episode of "Cosby," then there's something to protest about.

Let me keep it real: I'm no fan of hip hop. But because my kids are fans, I've
tried to understand it. Still, my youngest daughter had to drag me kicking and
screaming to see Eminem in "8 Mile" and I wound up loving this beautifully
directed film by Curtis Hanson about a white kid from a dysfunctional trailer
park chasing an artistic dream by writing and rapping about his dark, gritty
world with poetic passion. I even find myself singing some of Slim Shady's (see
how cool I am now?) songs about his mean struggle to the top.

For this fiftysomething white guy, that $8 movie ticket opened a window into my
kids' cultural world. It allowed me to at least half-communicate with my kids on
THEIR generational level. Eminem is credited with discovering 50 Cent - he
produced his first hit album - and now it's Fitty's (now I'm way cool) turn to
make his transition from disc to flick just like Sinatra, Elvis and the Beatles
before him.

And if you wanna better communicate with your rap-fan kids, white or black,
instead of joining some asinine protest against something which you have not yet
seen, you might start by asking your kids, "Ah-ite if I go witch you to Fitty's
new flick, dawg?"

You might hate the movie. It might be socially unredeemable. But if it is, at
least you can have that meaningful discussion after you've seen it. And who
knows, maybe you'll like it.

Instead, the art police are now trying to deep-six the flick because the ad
campaign is keeping it real. dhamill@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                              190 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             April 29, 2013 Monday

Sports Q&A with York Hall of Famer Suzi Sutton

BYLINE: By RYAN VANDERSLOOT 854-1575 x455 / @YAIAAscores

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 1117 words


The name Suzi Sutton always seems to come up quickly when there are discussions
about the best field hockey player of all-time in York County.

And for good reason.

Sutton was a two-time player of the year in the York-Adams League in 1998 and
1999 at Dallastown. The first freshman to ever start for the Wildcats, she led
her team to the PIAA semifinals in 1998. Her 30 goals during the 1999 season
still stand as a record today.

Despite all of those exploits, Sutton admitted that she wasn't very fond of the
sport initially. Her mother, Vicki, was also a standout in the sport and took
Suzi along with her to numerous tournaments all over the East Coast as a child.
It wasn't until she went along with her mother to the National Field Hockey
Festival that her love for the sport started to blossom.

After her successful run at Dallastown, Sutton received a scholarship to play in
the Big Ten at Northwestern University. In her sophomore year in 2002 she was
named to the All-Big Ten Second Team.

While Sutton was best known for her field hockey exploits, she was also a pretty
good basketball player. Learning from her father, Gary, a successful boys'
basketball coach, she led her high-school team to the York-Adams League title in
1999. Sutton scored more than 1,000 points in her career.

Since graduating she's continued to stay involved in sports as a highly-regarded
field hockey official. She's officiated games at the high school, collegiate and
now the international level.

For all of her exploits, Sutton was recently voted into the York Area Sports
Hall of Fame. She will officially be inducted on Sunday at Sovereign Bank
Stadium before that night's contest between the York Revolution and the Long
Island Ducks.

We caught up with Sutton, who resides near San Francisco, for this edition of
Sports Q&A.

How did it make your feel when you found out you were to be inducted into the
York Area Sports Hall of Fame?

"I only found out about this a month ago. I was in an airport ready to leave for
New Zealand so I was kind of surprised. It's pretty amazing. There are a lot of
great athletes and people to come from York County in sports, so it's a real
honor."

Is it any bigger of a deal to be inducted considering that your dad, Gary, is
already in the hall of fame?

"Well he's had his successes and I've had my successes. Obviously I've had some
great high school success here and in college and now with my international
umpiring career. So it's different. It's really not tied together at all. But
obviously my parents both did a great job when I was young to get me involved
with a lot of different things, and not just sports, in order to become a
successful person."

So how did you ini tially get involved in field hockey?

"My mom played. As a funny side note, I think I was actually potty trained on
the side of a field hockey field. She would sit me down and tell me to go play
and I would just go up and tell the ref or whoever on the sideline that I have
to go to the bathroom and my mom would sub off. So I grew up around the sport. I
didn't particularly like it when I was younger, because we were going on these
road trips all over the place. We would go up to New York and down to Virginia
for different tournaments and I was brought along. So there's a thing called the
National Field Hockey Festival and one year it was held in Cocoa Beach, Fla. As
one of the kids that went along with their parents, I was thrown on a team
called the 'Pick-up Sticks.' It was just kids like me who were down there with
their parents, and I was happy I was in. I enjoyed playing it and that's how I
got my start. I was in maybe fifth or sixth grade. So I got a really younger
start than most others because of my mom being involved in field hockey."

So how did you get your start in basket ball?

"In basketball my dad was a coach for almost my entire childhood. He coached
Columbia boys and he won a state championship when I was about 6 years old. I
was a manager for his team. So I've been around the sport of basketball for a
long time. He was a great coach. So I always thought I was going to be a
superstar basketball player, but then I kind of got my mom's height (5-foot-5).
I still went on to become a pretty good basketball player, but height is
important."

So who would you say had the biggest role in shaping your athletic career?

"Well both of my parents were coaches, so it would have to be my parents. They
created a good foundation, but I'm the one that fell in love with sports. So it
wasn't like they forced me into it. Obviously I was surrounded by many different
athletic opportunities, but I really liked it. When I was young the way my
parents would punish me was to take my basketball away for a day."

How tough was that to not have your basketball?

"I hated that. I remember one time I was at camp and someone else was practicing
and I was not. I slept with my basketball and everything when I was a kid. I was
a total goober like that (laughs)."

What was your fa vorite career high light?

"In college, I'd have to say it was college basketball. I don't know if it was
Senior Night or not ... I can't remember. I only played a season of college
basketball, but I had been a manager while I was there at Northwestern, which is
pretty impressive considering I was a scholarship field hockey athlete, that I
would be able to manage my time well enough to stay involved with the basketball
team and the coach. So in my senior year she allowed me to walk on the team. I
endured an injury during my senior season of field hockey, which really hampered
the rest of my athletic career in college. I tore the ligaments in my ankle and
I ended up just playing on them because they couldn't figure out how to get it
fixed. So I was already playing through it. So I ended up playing basketball
through it as well and it really hindered my ability to be successful, as far as
being speedy. So I got the opportunity to go on the court and got a big standing
ovation from all of the fellow athletes that were there because they kind of
knew my story. It wasn't a winning attempt by any means for Northwestern, but
the place went wild when I went on the court. So that was a cool moment."

How about in your high-school career? Anything stand out in particular?

"In my junior season in field hockey we made it to the (state) final four. The
game was played at Hempfield High School and busloads of people showed up. We
ended up losing in that semifinal, but it was an amazing atmosphere. We had a
great season. Field hockey isn't known for its great crowds so the fact that it
was packed all the way around the field five to 10 people deep, that's unheard
of."

-- Reach Ryan Vandersloot at sports@yorkdispatch.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 17, 2012 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Hitchcock directs scary-good turnaround;
Blues coach instrumental in team's surge, but GM credits players for buying in,
too

BYLINE: ERIC DUHATSCHEK

SECTION: SPORTS; HOCKEY / NHL; Pg. S5

LENGTH: 634 words


It has been 12 years since the St. Louis Blues won their only Presidents' Trophy
as the NHL's top regular-season team, and that season ended in disappointment
when they were one-and-done in the playoffs, losing in the opening round to the
upstart San Jose Sharks. The Sharks were like that once upon a time - not a
perennial Stanley Cup contender, but a team that regularly picked off more
celebrated regular-season teams.

Blues coach Ken Hitchcock is a historian - specialty: U.S. Civil War - but he
also knows how regular-season achievements don't always translate into playoff
success. (In the 25 years since the NHL introduced the Presidents' Trophy, the
regular-season champs went on to win the Stanley Cup seven times, most recently
in 2007-08, by the Detroit Red Wings.)

Thanks largely to parity, the Presidents' Trophy winner has won the Stanley Cup
only once in the past eight seasons. Even after Thursday night's 2-0 loss to the
Carolina Hurricanes, the Blues look as if they're in the driver's seat to claim
the regular-season title and home-ice advantage throughout the playoffs, no mean
feat considering they started the year 6-7. Hitchcock took over from Davis Payne
at that juncture and presided over a turnaround that makes him a
coach-of-the-year candidate alongside Ottawa's Paul MacLean, Pittsburgh's Dan
Bylsma, Florida's Kevin Dineen and John Tortorella of the New York Rangers.

It was no surprise when Blues general manager Doug Armstrong hired Hitchcock, as
the two have a history dating back to their years together with the Dallas
Stars. Armstrong knew exactly what he was getting - an organized, demanding
coach who was not afraid to learn and adapt and exploit whatever the rule book
will allow a coach to exploit.

St. Louis is the No. 1 defensive team in the league and spreads its scoring out
over three lines, with David Backes nominally leading the way. But David Perron
and Andy McDonald (sadly, injured again vs. the Hurricanes) essentially are the
Blues' best natural scoring talents.

In an era punctuated by too much hyperbole, Armstrong makes an interesting and
honest assessment of his team's recent successes as playoffs approach.

"I think Ken's done a great job," Armstrong said, "but it's almost now where
it's grown bigger than the real story, and the real story is the players and the
work they've put in. The real story to me is how they take his game plan and
execute it.

"You can be a great coach, but if your players don't execute the plan, it's not
going to matter."

No, coaching gets you only so far. In the end, you need motivated players to
succeed, and you also need players with high hockey IQs who can absorb the
coaching lessons and put them into practice. St. Louis is relentless at both
ends of the ice. Hitchcock gives his players the green light to go to the attack
when they control the puck, figuring the era of three-on-twos is dead, so the
only way to get an odd-man rush is to make it a four-on-three. That requires
defencemen with mobility and puck-handling skills, but also with enough sense to
know when to go up and when to stay back. On those occasions when they make the
wrong initial read, they have to have the skill level to get back in the play.
It's all tied together, and it requires five players thinking as a unit.

"They work so well together," Armstrong said of his team. "The neutral zone,
it's like seaweed."

Yikes, a good analogy, but also a grim way of looking at how they play the game.
Hitchcock was an adviser in the Columbus Blue Jackets' organization when
Armstrong decided to bring him in. Armstrong did so, he says, after lengthy
conversations with the team's veteran core last summer convinced him they could
handle a coach with a reputation for being tough on, and occasionally unpopular
with, the players.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 8, 2016 Friday

New York: Former Chief Of Mount Pleasant Police Department Sentenced In White
Plains Federal Court For Possession Of Child Pornography

LENGTH: 324  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



  Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, announced that BRIAN FANELLI, the former Chief of the Mount Pleasant, New
York, Police Department, was sentenced to 18 months in prison for possession of
child pornography.  Fanelli pled guilty in July 2015 to one count of possession
of child pornography before United States District Judge Kenneth M. Karas, who
also imposed today's sentence.





 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara stated:  "Brian Fanelli, a former police
chief who swore to protect and serve, instead helped fuel a market that
victimizes and exploits some of the most vulnerable in our community.  As
today's sentencing demonstrates, we will be vigilant in investigating and
prosecuting those who sexually exploit children."



 According to materials submitted in connection with today's sentencing:



 From at least as early as October 2013, through January 2014, FANELLI used a
Peer-to-Peer File Sharing Program ("P2P Network") to download more than 120
files containing images and videos believed to be child pornography, many of
which contained depictions of graphic sexual abuse of young, pre-pubescent
victims.  During the course of FANELLI's criminal conduct, in addition to
serving as police chief, FANELLI taught classes to children about sexual abuse
awareness.  Certain of the files downloaded by FANELLI were made available to
other P2P Network users through FANELLI's computer's shared folder on the P2P
Network program.  On three occasions, agents with the Department of Homeland
Security, Homeland Security Investigations ("HSI"), acting in an undercover
capacity, used the P2P Network to download from FANELLI's computer files
containing images and videos believed to contain child pornography.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday
                               WED FINAL Edition

FBI rescues child sex victims

BYLINE: Jesse Paul

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 706 words


The FBI teamed with local law enforcement officers across Colorado and Wyoming
to rescue nine children from the throes of sex trafficking and arrest 11 pimps
and 32 customers of prostitution, authorities said Tuesday.

The initiative, from Thursday through Saturday, was an intensive effort that
spanned hotels, truck stops, street corners and social media applications. The
youngest recovered victim was 14 years old.

The efforts were spearheaded by the FBI's Rocky Mountain Innocence Lost Task
Force and part of Cross Country Operation X, which has become a semi annual
national effort to target child sex trafficking. In Colorado, authorities say
this year they focused on the problem's growing spread in the state through
social media sites and services such as Facebook, Grindr and MeetMe.

"We're in a technological age now where we have powerful computing devices that
we can hold in the palm of our hand," said Sgt. Dan Steele, of the Denver Police
Department, who supervises the Innocence Lost Task Force. "Because of that, we
have now seen traffickers and sex buyers alike looking at those devices and
going, 'Wow, I can sit on my couch or I can sit in my car or I can stand on the
street corner and I can pick and choose a person that I want to exploit. I can
pick and choose if I want to buy someone, sell someone, exploit someone.'

"That's a disturbing trend to know that that's out there."

In one case as part of the operation, authorities arrested two pimps from
Indiana who were caught in Denver driving a 17 year old girl and a 20 year old
woman across the Midwest, selling them for sex along the way, according to court
records and the FBI. When the group arrived in Denver, the teen and woman were
advertised for prostitution on a sex website, which led investigators to act.

Authorities identified the alleged pimps as Dawayne Parker Manuel, 18, and
Kenneth Bacon, 22, who each face an accusation of human trafficking of a minor
for sexual servitude and contributing to the delinquency of a minor.

"These young girls were giving every penny that they earned to the pimps,"
Calvin Shivers, acting special agent in charge of the FBI's Denver division,
said at a Tuesday morning news conference.

In Mesa County, investigators reported arresting six men including two
registered sex offenders on a wide variety of charges that included child sex
assault, Internet luring, patronizing a child prostitute and contributing to the
delinquency of a minor.

The FBI says it also recovered 47 adult prostitutes in the region.

Cross Country Operation launched in 2003 this year spanned 106 cities nationwide
and led to the recovery of 82 children from sex trafficking and the arrest of
239 pimps. Investigators also tracked leads as far away as Cambodia, the
Philippines, Thailand and Canada.

The Rocky Mountain Innocence Lost Task Force ranked second this year in the
number of children recovered by a regional task force as part of the operation.
In 2014 and 2015, the Colorado Wyoming group was first in child recoveries.

Authorities believe there could be as many as 2,000 children in Colorado and
Wyoming who are exploited each year.

"This is a problem," said Ted Mink, deputy director of the Colorado Bureau of
Investigation and Jefferson County's former sheriff. "This is a huge problem.
Colorado takes this very seriously."

18th Judicial District Attorney George Brauchler lauded law enforcement's
efforts in Colorado, but said more needs to be done to protect sex trafficking
victims. He explained that Colorado laws don't make sex trafficking a prison
mandated offense and that sex buyers sometimes called johns should face some
sort of shaming for their actions.

"We've got to stem the tide of this," Brauchler said.

Pete Weir, district attorney in Jefferson County, said sex traffickers "have no
conscience" and are "dedicated to the sexual exploitation of our kids."

"In confronting the scourge of human trafficking, it starts with education and
information," Weir added. "Sometimes it's hard for people to believe that this
kind of activity takes place in our community. It takes place in Jefferson
County, Arapahoe County, Douglas County, Denver (and) throughout Colorado."

Jesse Paul: 303 954 1733, jpaul@denverpost.com or @JesseAPaul

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Manuel

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                              June 10, 2016 Friday

The religious journey of Muhammad Ali;
Muhammad Ali had an extraordinary life, but many American Muslims can relate to
his evolution within Islam, and some are concerned about the impact of losing
him in a time of heightened Islamophobia.

BYLINE: Henry Gass Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 938 words


Muhammad Ali was set to be laid to rest on Friday, with thousands of people
flocking to Louisville, Ky., to pay their respects to the man widely regarded as
the best boxer of all time.

But a Muslim service Thursday displayed another aspect to the message that has
resonated worldwide since Mr. Ali's death last Friday - that he was "The
Greatest" as much for his exploits outside the ring as in it. For American
Muslims, the nation has not only lost one of its greatest athletes, but arguably
its most famous and influential Muslim, too.

Ali's complicated relationship with Islam (he was raised Baptist) was in some
respects the most ordinary thing about an extraordinary man.

His exploits in the ring, his battle to defend his religious rights before the
United States Supreme Court, and his transcendent fame made him unique. But
Muslims around the world can relate to Ali's religious journey, marked by
controversies and contradictions but culminating in Thursday's funeral, a
celebration open to people of all faiths as "the Louisville Lip" requested
personally.

His loss comes at a poignant time, when many Americans view Islam with fear and
skepticism. His voice is needed now more than ever, many Muslims say.

"We're very proud of the fact that Muhammad Ali was a Muslim," says Hazem Bata,
secretary general of the Islamic Society of North America. "An ambassador like
Muhammad Ali comes along once in a generation."

A 'Muslim Billy Graham'

In 1964, Ali's conversion to the Nation of Islam - seen as a radical black sect
- and name change from Cassius Clay "shocked and outraged many Americans" and
made him "the most polarizing villain in sports," write historians Randy Roberts
and Johnny Smith in The Washington Post.

His initial interpretations of Islam were at odds even with the majority of
Muslims. As a member of the Nation of Islam, he favored segregation and believed
that "the white man is the Devil." Growing up in the Jim Crow South, he was
drawn to the Nation's teachings that Muslims should be "very proud of their
faith, very proud of their skin color," Mr. Bata says.

He later renounced his racial views. "The Nation of Islam taught that white
people were devils. I don't believe that now," he wrote in his 2004 biography.
"I never really believed that. But when I was young, I had seen and heard so
many horrible stories about the white man that this made me stop and listen."

In the 1970s, he began to adopt more mainstream Islamic views. This is an
evolution that many Muslims are familiar with, says Salaam Bhatti, spokesman for
the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, America's oldest Muslim organization.

"As he studied Islam more and more - and this is true across the board for all
Muslims - he became more humble," says Mr. Bhatti.

As he grew older he became more comfortable with his ambassador role. He once
wrote that he "would like to be a Muslim Billy Graham," referencing the popular
evangelical minister known as "America's pastor."

His Parkinson's disease diagnosis in 1984 interrupted those ambitions, but Ali
continued to involve himself in humanitarian efforts. As he adopted a more
mainstream interpretation of Islam, he maintained his overriding principle that
it was a religion of peace.

"I believe in Allah and in peace," he said after announcing his conversion in
1964. Decades later, after the 9/11 attacks, he criticized the hijackers,
saying: "Islam is peace, and against murder and killing, and the people doing
that in the name of Islam are wrong."

In between, he was designated a United Nations Messenger of Peace in 1998. He
even made a journey to Iraq in 1990, on the eve of the first Gulf War, to
personally negotiate the release of 15 American hostages with Saddam Hussein.

"He showed that you can be an American and be a Muslim at the same time," says
Azam Akar, an Imam in Chicago. "For American Muslims, that was something that
was very rare."

Sherman Jackson, a leading African-American Muslim scholar, wrote that, "of all
the things the American Muslim has produced, Muhammad Ali is among its most
precious."

"Ali emphatically put the question of whether one can be a Muslim and an
American to rest," he added. "Let that question now be interred permanently with
his noble remains."

A voice for American Muslims

As American Muslims face heightened scrutiny and suspicion, many worry that they
are losing one of their most crucial spokesmen.

A 2014 Pew Research Center poll found that Americans viewed Muslims the most
negatively of seven major religious groups, while only 38 percent of Americans
said they knew a Muslim. Hate crimes against Muslims crept up that year, by 2
percent, even while hate crimes overall dropped by 8 percent. The extreme
rhetoric of this year's election season has heightened concerns.

Ali criticized Donald Trump, who said in December he would consider banning
noncitizen Muslims from entering the United States. Ali said Muslims "have to
stand up against those who use Islam to advance their own personal agenda."

It is this voice that American Muslims need to replace, says Bata.

"We're eternally indebted to him, but we need an ambassador like that more than
ever," he adds. "We need another Muhammad Ali."

A person with the personal charisma and cultural caché of Ali may be impossible
to replace, but Bhatti is optimistic that his message that good Muslims are also
be good Americans will not be lost.

"You can still be true to your character, still be true to your nation, still be
true to your faith, and still command respect," Bhatti says.

"This is the lesson Muhammad Ali taught us," he adds. "I hope and pray it does
not leave the thought of our nation."

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                             March 31, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Pro wrestler was woman of action

BYLINE: VIRGINIA CULVER, The Denver Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. E8

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: DENVER


Mary Alice Uyetani was a pro wrestler, competed in Roller Derbys, dived into a
pool through rings of fire and drove trucks loaded with munitions.

"Auntie Mame had nothing on Mary Alice," said a friend, P.J. VanderStowe of
Golden, Colo.

Uyetani later waited tables in Golden for years before she died March 11 at 82.

"She could tell some wonderful stories," said VanderStowe, adding that "some may
have been exaggerated."

But the family has pictures and clippings of Uyetani's exploits proving that
many of her stories were true.

With the wrestling matches, "there were no rules," said her son, Wayne Uyetani
of Thornton.

"But I imagine some of it was fake, just like it is today," he said.

Most of Uyetani's exploits occurred when she was a teenager and in her early
20s.

She loved the challenges, said her daughter, Debbie Uyetani of Long Beach,
Calif. But the stunts were also a way of earning money to support herself.

One family photo shows her preparing to dive 15 metres into a pool, and others
show her wrestling.

In one, "Mad Mary," as she was called, is twirling her opponent above her head,
and in another, Uyetani is being pinned by her opponent.

The Kansas City Bombers was a roller derby franchise that included about 60 men
and women who traveled to several states, where 16 of them would form two teams
and compete against one another.

"You didn't get any money if you didn't skate, and you got more money if your
team won," Wayne Uyetani said.

People in the audience got so heated that some threw things at the competitors,
who were sometimes escorted out of the arena by guards. Uyetani had a scar on
her forehead the rest of her life from a mustard jar someone threw at her,
Debbie Uyetani said.

Mary Uyetani was also somewhat of a pool hustler, said her son, "and she was so
good, she could kick my butt even when she was older."

After moving to Colorado, Uyetani waited tables at the Old Heidelberg, Holland
House and Holiday Inn restaurants, all in Golden.

A short woman with platinum blond hair enhanced by a wig, she loved to dress up
and match jewelry.

"She had a bubbly personality, and people liked to sit at her tables," said her
son.

But Uyetani was constantly playing practical jokes on people and getting revenge
on those who angered her. Sometimes she would put fruit in the chandeliers or
hide all the orange slices from the bartender, VanderStowe said.

Once a customer was "harassing" another waitress and the next time Uyetani went
by the man's table, she purposely let a bowl of split pea soup fall on him,
VanderStowe said.

"She was a funny lady, but she wasn't pleasant when you got on her bad side,"
said Theresa Neugebauer of Golden, who waited tables with Uyetani.

Mary Alice Sherman was born in Kansas City, Mo., on June 28, 1926.

She married Kenneth Enyart, and they moved to Colorado in 1953. The couple had
two children.

They later divorced, and Mary Alice Enyart married George Uyetani in 1962.

In addition to her husband, son and daughter, she is survived by one grandchild.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             July 22, 2003 Tuesday

GEMS rolls out new systems to further exploit EXCITE power

LENGTH: 1129 words


GEMS rolls out new systems to further exploit EXCITE power

By DON LONG Medical Device Daily Managing Editor

Somewhat more than a year ago, GE Medical Systems (GEMS; Waukesha, Wisconsin)
rolled out EXCITE, its leading-edge system for enhancing magnetic resonance
imaging (MRI) and providing a greatly streamlined image acquisition system.

More recently, at this month's annual meeting of the International Society for
Magnetic Resonance in Medicine (Berkeley, California) in Toronto, Ontario, the
EXCITE-ment, so to speak, was much increased. During the meeting, the company
rolled out a variety of enhancements to exploit EXCITE's greater computational
power, specifically in the areas of neurological studies - in particular, stroke
- breast imaging and vascular imaging.

While all of the enhancements provide important steps forward in and of
themselves, EXCITE "is the cornerstone," says Lawrence Tanenbaum, MD, section
chief of MR, computed tomography and neuroradiology at Edison Imaging at JFK
Medical Center (Edison, New Jersey), who has been working with and testing the
panoply of enhancements.

"EXCITE," he told Medical Device Daily, "redesigned the entire imaging chain. It
added an enormous amount of processing power that allows some of these other
technological advances to become clinically practical. [EXCITE] is the engine
that everything else rides on."

Rolled out at last week's Toronto meeting and pushing this power even further in
the neuroradiological area is Propeller, which GEMS calls "a new pulse-sequence
technology based on Fast Spin Echo." The technology's name derives from the use
of radial rotating blades that acquire the MR images and serve to enable
adjustment for artifacts that often make this type of imaging less than precise.

"Propeller is an enormous innovation for routine imaging," says Tanenbaum. "It
eliminates patient variability," that variability often resulting from patient
movement - most frequently in pediatric patients, for instance - and those
artifacts produced by such things as dental implants.

Instead of rectilinear line acquisition, the rotating blades "spin around a
rotating hub," Tanenbaum explains. "If any blades are mis-registered, any blade
can be corrected, reregistered or thrown out" as a way of obtaining the most
precise images possible. GEMS reports that Propeller improves the
contrast-to-noise ratio by 25% to 75% "and significantly reduces tissue-to-air
image distortions." This means a much closer look at areas of the brain
"previously compromised either by a patient's movement . . . or by the presence
of dental work, craniotomies or other abnormalities that could impact the
magnetic field."

While he says that the initial applications of Propeller technology have been
used to image the brain, he believes it may also prove to have additional uses
"throughout the body."

A second application enhancement unveiled at the meeting applies to MRI of the
breast, a procedure usually following traditional mammography - or when
"traditional mammography fails," says Tanenbaum, such as in imaging very dense
breasts - to obtain more precise information but a procedure characterized by
Tanenbaum as "very technically demanding."

Called VIBRANT (for Volume Imaging for Breast AssessmeNT), this system greatly
reduces the difficulty of this procedure which, to date, has allowed imaging of
only one breast at a time because requiring difficult set-up and a delay of up
to four hours to image the second breast.

By contrast, Vibrant allows the imaging of both breasts in one procedure,
greatly speeding and enhancing the process, according to Tanenbaum. "This is a
very powerful problem-solving tool for selected circumstances and a big leap
forward in the MR community. This has been very difficult to do in the past, but
now it will be simple and easy."

There are two keys to VIBRANT. One is the need of fourfold processing power -
that power provided by EXCITE - and the second is new fat suppression technology
which differentiates the appearance of fat from the image of a lesion. With
VIBRANT, fat now appears black, contrasting sharply with the appearance of the
lesion, which is white, explains Tanenbaum.

A third in the series of new technologies is TRICKS (for Time-Resolved Imaging
of Contrast KineticS), an imaging application focused on identification of blood
clots and other vascular diseases in the lower extremities. TRICKS, Tanenbaum
says, offers a much-improved enhancement over traditional magnetic resonance
angiography (MRA) in order to capture information concerning blood flow in the
arteries, especially in patients who have poor circulation in the lower legs.

With previous MRA, physicians were able to obtain a single clear picture - a
"snapshot," according to Tanenbaum - but one that failed to provide information
concerning the movement of contrast dye throughout the imaging procedure.
TRICKS, by contrast, enables multiple MRI images to be taken "in serial 3-D
fashion" by providing "10 or 12 snapshots as with conventional angiography," he
says. In essence, TRICKS allows the physician "to look at the dynamic of the
lesion, as well as looking at the occlusive disease - information that is
difficult to glean with a static picture - and [now] do it very simply and
easily," Tanenbaum says.

All of these procedures require not just advanced computational power but
advanced handling of the information acquired. Thus, as "the last piece of the
puzzle," Tanenbaum notes GEMS' development of still another addition to the
EXCITE system, called Accelerator, allowing the acquisition and archiving of up
to 10 time times more data than that acquired via conventional systems.

Accelerator handles "huge volumes of data, Tanenbaum notes. "If you didn't have
the ability to handle and process this data, it would all go for naught.
[Accelerator] eliminates the last bottleneck in the imaging chain."

The range of enhancements unveiled are available on the EXCITE platform which
now numbers 300 installations, GEMS reports.

"The introduction of these new imaging techniques significantly enhances
EXCITE's performance," says Dennis Cooke, general manager of GEMS' Global MR
business, "and reinforces what we said last year, that EXCITE is the MR platform
of the future." He adds: "The complete EXCITE system is a major step forward
towards eliminating the compromise between speed and resolution in challenging
imaging environments."

Besides the new applications for EXCITE, GEMS unveiled at the meeting new
eight-channel surface coils optimized for parallel imaging techniques, improving
the signal to noise ratio and resulting in higher resolution of images. The new
eight-channel coils include neurovascular, torso-pelvic, cardiac and CTL spine
arrays.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2003 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 22, 2011 Thursday

Review: 'Nova Rex' revealing doc about hair-metal heyday

BYLINE: Heather Bremer, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 651 words


Sept. 22--Big hair, heavy makeup and women's clothing.

An outrageous look was as important as talent or music in the hair-metal era,
according to Kenny Wilkerson in "Nova Rex: Ain't Easy Being Cheesy," one of 15
films that will be shown during Saturday's Homegrown Hoosier Film Festival at
the Pararmount Theatre.

The film, directed by Dean Robinson and co-produced by Wilkerson, is an
entertaining, 70-minute "rockumentary" about Nova Rex's wild glam rock ride
through the late 1980s and early '90s. Filmed as bassist Wilkerson and guitarist
JP Cervoni promoted the band's greatest hits collection, "Then & Now," in 2010,
the 2011 documentary is a collection of interviews with both band members
interwoven with video and photos from their heyday and augmented by a rollicking
soundtrack of Nova Rex music.

The band's experience is typical of an era defined by outlandish style, hard
partying, sex and rock 'n' roll. And the first half of the film is highlighted
by amusing but -- given what we know about the antics of bands such as Poison,
Twisted Sister and MÃ¶tley CrÃ¼e -- not necessarily surprising anecdotes from
the band's exploits.

One of the first is the story of how Wilkerson, a graduate of Whiteland High
School in Whiteland, Ind., joined the band. Wilkerson's audition/interview took
place with Cervoni hanging upside down in a closet ... wearing nothing but
gravity boots. Fortunately, there's no video clip of that exchange.

Neither is there much "evidence" of the sexual exploits of the band, for which
Wilkerson is thankful. Had cellphone cameras existed in that age, there would
have been quite a bit of incriminating material for the "Love the Band" segment.
The film doesn't shy away from the role sex played in the rockers' lives and,
instead, questions exactly who was using who in these encounters.

Cervoni poses another good question during the "Rockin the Look" segment. "How
did we all end up looking like girls?" he opines more than once. As Wilkerson
explains it, that was the look that got you noticed ... and got you the girls.
It's also what most of us remember from the era even as the songs fade from
memory.

Perhaps the most intriguing segment comes toward the end of the film and details
the demise of the hair-metal era.

Nova Rex, which had been playing in clubs in Florida, left the Sunshine State
for Los Angeles when Florida's economy began to decline. But the LA club scene
soon changed as grunge rock rose in Seattle.

Knowing the emerging genre was the death knell for hair-metal, Wilkerson got the
band to move to Indiana, where hair-metal had yet to give way to grunge.

Through Wilkerson's tireless promotion on Indianapolis radio and TV, Nova Rex
was able to prolong its run another five years.

But all good things must come to end. And when they did, life changed
drastically for the members of Nova Rex. Wilkerson admits to needing help from
"shrinks and medication" to deal with life outside the "bubble" of fame. And
Cervoni relates his trouble with trusting women after years of girls clamoring
for a piece of the spotlight. Their stories paint a startling picture of the
band's return to reality -- one that few may have paused to think of before.

By the end of the 70 minutes, fans and even casual observers will have a greater
appreciation for an era that is often dismissed for its flamboyance. "Nova Rex:
Aint Easy Being Cheesy" clearly illustrates the period's party-all-the-time
mentality but also reveals the devotion of artists like Wilkerson and Cervoni to
music that celebrated living life to the fullest.

"Nova Rex" will show at 3:45 p.m. Saturday at the Paramount Theatre, 1124
Meridian Plaza, Anderson. The festival begins at 10 a.m. For more information,
visit homergrownhoosierfilmfestival.com.

___ (c)2011 The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Ind.) Visit The Herald Bulletin
(Anderson, Ind.) at www.theheraldbulletin.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110922-HU-Review-Nova-Rex-revealing-doc-about-hair-metal-heyday-0922-20110922

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2011 The Herald Bulletin


                              198 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Dumfries & Galloway Standard

                                  July 6, 2011
                                  1st Edition

Novel approach to US Navy hero

BYLINE: Bert Houston

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 362 words


THE exploits of the Solway born sailor who became a legend in the United States,
form the basis of a novel by a Scots academic lecturer who took the initial
steps this week to launch it on the other side of the Atlantic.

Joe Smith, under the pen name Wallace Bruce, signed copies of his book at the
weekend when he visited the tiny whitewashed cottage at Arbigland, near
Kirkbean, where John Paul Jones was born on July 6, 1747.

And he feels that not enough is done in our education system to promote the
memory of John Paul Jones in his own country... and would like to see pressure
put on the authorities to see his exploits on the school curriculum.

Mr Smith, who lectured in social studies at Springburn College in Glasgow, and
now lives at Roy Bridge in the north of Scotland, said: "Mention John Paul Jones
to most young people in this country now and they think of Led Zeppelin the folk
singer.

"It's just not right. Here we have a Scot who became famous abroad and is really
revered in the States, yet he is hardly mentioned in his own country.

"He may have been branded a traitor in his day, but that was purely propaganda.

"He went to American and he fought for their cause and the cause he believed in.

"It's like may other Scots who are famous throughout the world - we just don't
blow our own trumpet enough."

It was when visiting the US Naval Academy at Annapolis, near Washington DC - the
sister city of Dumfries - more than 30 years ago, that the 75-year-old was so
impressed by the magnificence sarcophagus holding the remains of the man revered
as the found of the US Navy in the crypt of the Academy chapel that he promised
himself he would one day write about him..

He said: "It was just breathtaking and so inspiring."

Many factual historical books have been written about John Paul Jones' exploits,
but Mr Smith decided that his work would be a novel.

Each chapter is based on ships and people who did exist historically and to
understand what it might have been like under sail in the 18th century he
underwent a gruelling course on the sail training ship Winston Churchill and
visited the flagship HMS Victory to see how they functioned.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  ROLE PLAY: Rebecca Coggins and Alfie Hannay, secretary and chairman of
the John Paul Jones Birthplace Museum Trust, take on period costume roles as
they discuss with author Joe Smith his book about John Paul Jones.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dg


                           Copyright 2011 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           October 27, 2004 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Howard Dean greeted as hero in anti-Bush Quebec: One-time Democratic hopeful is
feted in Montreal

BYLINE: Graeme Hamilton, National Post

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 623  words

DATELINE: MONTREAL


MONTREAL - His own party ultimately concluded he was a bit too wild to run for
president, and Howard Dean has since been relegated to a bit role in the
Democratic campaign. Maybe he should have considered a run for office in Quebec.

The former Vermont governor was welcomed as a hero and a sage during an
appearance yesterday in Canada's most passionately anti-Bush province. In the
opulent ballroom of Montreal's Queen Elizabeth Hotel, before an audience of
academics and ranking members of the Quebec elite, laughter and applause greeted
Mr. Dean's attacks on George W. Bush, the U.S. President.

"I think the vast majority of us would like to see John Kerry the next President
of the United States," Mr. Dean said as he began his speech, and he met no
argument.

"I know the Bush administration makes fun of [Mr. Kerry's] ability to speak
French. I find that that is an incredible advantage over a president who can
barely speak English," he said later to sustained laughter.

He spoke of the "shames and tragedies" of the Bush administration, which he
labelled an "incredible failure." He predicted a very close outcome when
Americans vote next Tuesday and warned Mr. Bush is prepared to steal the
election if necessary. "The Republicans will do everything they can to suppress
the vote," he said, adding that he expects they will try to block many
African-Americans from voting in Florida.

The fact that he had a day free to spend in Montreal one week before the
election suggests the demands made of him by the Kerry campaign are not
overwhelming. He is scheduled to make campaign appearances today in Pennsylvania
and Ohio.

But Mr. Dean said he wanted to come to Canada to offer a kind of advance apology
in case the unthinkable happens next week.

"If President Bush wins, he will win with 51% of the vote, which means that
there are 49% of us who do not agree with his policies, 49% of us who are
embarrassed by the disdain with which he treats other countries," he said.

"I've often said on my side of the border, and I'll say on your side of the
border, no matter what our differences may be, and there will be some, that
petulance has no place in the design of American foreign policy or anybody's
foreign policy," he added, drawing more applause.

Mr. Dean's appearance was a joint presentation of the Universite de Montreal,
the Universite du Quebec a Montreal and an international-relations think-tank.
At the head table, Mr. Dean sat between Gilles Duceppe, leader of the Bloc
Quebecois, and Raymond Chretien, who as Canadian ambassador to the United States
expressed his support for Al Gore over Mr. Bush in 2000. Across from them was
Lucien Bouchard, the former Quebec premier.

The warm reception given Mr. Dean reflects the province's deep animosity toward
Mr. Bush. A poll published last week in Montreal's La Presse found that 71% of
Quebecers hoped for a Kerry victory, compared with 60% in Canada as a whole. Of
10 countries surveyed, only France, at 72%, had a higher pro-Kerry result.

A question from the audience seemed to capture the general sentiment in the
room: "How can Americans vote for those people?" one man asked.

Mr. Dean began by allowing that Mr. Bush "can be a charming person" and is a
skilled campaigner. Some voters are lured by the promise of tax cuts. But then
he described Mr. Bush's talent for "exploiting people's negative sides."

Since 1968, he said, Republicans have learned "that if you exploit people's
anger and hatred, you may have a better chance electorally than if you talk
about things that unite us. So the President exploits racial differences, the
President exploits homophobia, the President exploits fears of equality for
women, and those people go to the polls inclined to vote for the President."

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Down to the Wire

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News; Series; Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2004 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                              March 7, 2014 Friday

New tool to prevent malware on Android devices

SECTION: SOLAR PV; Industry Updates

LENGTH: 289 words



HIGHLIGHT: The new security tool, Practical Root Exploit Containment (PREC),
refines anomaly detection technique.


Researchers from North Carolina State University in the US have developed a new
tool to detect and contain malware that attempts root exploits in Android
devices.

The researchers said the tool improves on previous techniques by targeting code
written in the C programming language, which is often used to create root
exploitation malware, whereas the bulk of Android security applications are
written in Java.

The new security tool, dubbed Practical Root Exploit Containment (PREC), refines
an existing technique called anomaly detection, which compares the behavior of a
downloaded smartphone application, such as Angry Birds, with a database of how
the application should be expected to behave.

PREC will analyse deviations from normal behavior to determine if they are
malware or harmless false positives.

The researchers said if PREC determines that an app is attempting root exploit,
it effectively contains the malicious code and prevents it from being executed.

NC State assistant professor of computer science and co-author of a paper on the
work, Will Enck, said anomaly detection isn't new, and it has a problematic
history of reporting a lot of false positives.

"What sets our approach apart is that we are focusing solely on C code, which is
what most - if not all - Android root exploits are written in," Enck said.

The researchers are planning to work with app vendors like Google Play to set up
a database of normal app behavior.

NC State associate professor of computer science and co-author of the paper
Helen Gu said they have already implemented the PREC system and tested it on
real Android devices.

"We are now looking for industry partners to deploy PREC, so that we can protect
Android users from root exploits," Gu said.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                              May 18, 2009 Monday

Eni buys into Quicksilver assets

BYLINE: by Claire Poole In Houston

LENGTH: 394 words


Italian oil company Eni SpA agreed Monday to buy 27.5% of Quicksilver Resources
Inc.'s Alliance properties in Texas' Fort Worth Basin for $280 million in cash
as part of a strategic alliance to acquire, develop and exploit unconventional
natural gas.

Fort Worth-based oil explorer Quicksilver will continue to operate the
properties, but the two will share technical expertise, particularly in
drilling, completion and geophysics.

The deal covers 5% of Quicksilver's proved reserves at the end of 2008.

Quicksilver CEO Glenn Darden said in a statement the transaction is the initial
step to reducing debt while creating a platform to exploit its expertise in
identifying, acquiring and developing Barnett Shale gas resources.

"Our agreement with Eni will enable us to expand our footprint beyond the
existing Alliance acreage and could lead to additional opportunities in
unconventional plays outside of this basin," he said.

Houston energy investment bank Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities Inc.
wrote in a morning note that the price is a strong $2.15 per thousand cubic feet
equivalent and will cut Quicksilver's debt pressures to $325 million to $350
million.

"Maybe [the] JV expands over time?" it wrote. "[Quicksilver] still [has] some
maneuvering to do."

This is the third European oil company to buy into shale plays in the U.S. Last
year Norway's Statoil ASA bought into Chesapeake Energy Corp.'s properties in
the Marcellus Shale in Appalachia and the U.K.'s BP plc bought into Chesapeake's
assets in the Woodford Shale in Oklahoma's Arkoma basin.

Tudor Pickering thinks Exco Resources Inc., which has valuable properties in the
Haynesville Shale play in east Texas and northwest Louisiana, might be the next
target of such a deal. "[The] big guys clearly want to understand secret sauce
around shale gas development," the investment bank wrote.

Quicksilver's Alliance natural gas leasehold covers 13,000 net acres in Denton
and Tarrant counties. They produce 60 million cubic feet of natural gas per day
and contain 131 billion cubic feet of proved reserves.

The deal does not include Quicksilver's midstream-gathering infrastructure or
its leasehold outside the Alliance properties.

The transaction should close by June 15, and proceeds will be used to repay
Quicksilver's debt.

Bank of America Merrill Lynch advised Quicksilver.

DEAL SIZE

$ 250-500 Million

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2009 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Intelligent Automation (Maryland) on November 04 titled as
"Graphical models for cyber security analysis in enterprise networks"

LENGTH: 328  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,881,288, on
November 04, 2014, to Intelligent Automation (Maryland), titled as "Graphical
models for cyber security analysis in enterprise networks"

Inventors:  Levy; Renato (North Potomac, MD), Li; Hongjun (Potomac, MD), Liu;
Peng (State College, PA), Lyell; Margaret (Bethesda, MD)
Assignee:  Intelligent Automation, Inc. (Rockville, MD)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method of generating graphical models for providing security analysis in
computer networks that in one embodiment includes the steps of generating a type
abstract graph independent of particular networks that models abstract
dependency relationships among attributes and exploits; generating
network-specific attack graphs by combining the type abstract graph with
specific network information; monitoring an intruder alert; and generating a
real-time attack graph by correlating the intruder alert with the
network-specific attack graph. The real-time attack graph can be generated using
reachability checking, bridging, and exploit prediction based on consequence
alerts and may further include the step of calculating the likelihood of queries
using a Bayesian network model. The method may also include the steps of
inferring unobserved attacks that may have been missed by intrusion detection
sensors, and projecting on which hosts and using what exploits additional
intruder attacks may occur. The method may further include the step of comparing
alternate actions by computation, wherein the alternate actions include the step
of patching some vulnerabilities, and wherein the specific network information
includes network topology. The specific network information may also include
firewall rules."

The patent was filed on October 28, 2009 Application no. 12/589,738

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               February 14, 2005 Monday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Spybot patch will eliminate false report of Explorer bug

BYLINE: JOHN TORRO

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 741 words


DSO Exploit seems to be haunting many of our readers, and our item Jan. 31
raised more questions. So here is some additional information:

DSO Exploit is an Internet Explorer bug that was corrected in previous
patches/service packs. However, it still shows as present by spyware removers
such as Spybot. The fact that it still shows up as a problem is, in fact, a bug
with Spybot. There is a new beta patch for Spybot that will remove the DSO
Exploit information from reporting as a problem once and for all. My
recommendation is to wait for the released version.

But if this is something you would prefer to do now, download the beta Spybot
from  http://www.majorgeeks.com/download4392.html. To fix the exploit on your
own without the beta Spybot patch, follow these steps to edit your Windows
Registry. Please be careful, however. Incorrect changes to the Windows Registry
can cause Windows to not boot. Again, my recommendation is to wait for the
general release Spybot patch.

1. Make a note of the location of the exploit shown in Spybot, something similar
to: HKEY_USERS S-1-5-21-1614895754-

73586283-725345543-500 Software

Microsoft Windows CurrentVersion

InternetSettings Zones 0 1004!=W=3

2. Click on Start and Run, type REGEDIT and press Enter to open the Windows
Registry Editor.

3. Find the location of the exploit above in the registry by clicking on the
pluses (+) next to each title.

4. After opening the Zones section and clicking on "0," look to the right
window. Under "name" is the key 1004 and the type is REG_SZ. Right-click and
delete this REG_SZ value. Then right-click and create new>DWORD Value, name it
1004, then right-click on that and go to modify, give it the Hex Value of 3 and
click OK.

If there is only a DWORD Value for the key (in this case 1004), then
double-click on the key and change the HEX value to 3 and click OK.

5. Close the Registry Editor and reboot your computer.

6. The DSO Exploit should be removed and no longer appear in the Spybot Search
and Destroy log.

Rebuilding datastore gives access to Windows updates

When I attempt to open Windows Update file (Windows XP Home) to view contents, I
get a message that says: "We're sorry. Windows Update has encountered an error
and cannot display the requested page." The error code given is ox800B0001. This
error code cannot be located in the section Windows Update Troubling Shooting.

Try one of the following: Clear the Internet Explorer cache by clicking (through
Internet Explorer) Tools, Internet Options, then the General tab. In the
Temporary Internet files section, click Delete Cookies, then Delete Files.
Select the Delete all offline content check box in the Delete Files dialogue
box. Click OK. In the History section, click the Clear History button, answer
yes and then click OK.

If this doesn't work, try the following to delete the datastore and allow it to
rebuild itself. Stop the Automatic Update Service (click Start, Run, type
services.msc and click OK). Right-click the Automatic Updates Service and select
Stop. After stopping the service, rename the folder c: Windows
SoftwareDistribution by opening Windows Explorer and navigating to that folder.
Right-click on the SoftwareDistribution folder and select rename from the Menu.
Rename the folder to SoftwareDistribution.old and click Enter. Restart the
Automatic Update Service (click Start, Run, type services.msc and click OK).
Right-click the Automatic Updates Service and select Start. Now retry the
Windows Automatic Update.

Try downloading patch directly to hard disc

I have an older Gateway 400 system (Windows 98 SE), and we try to keep it
running cheaply. Random access memory at 512 megabytes is the only real change
(from 64) since we bought it. I keep up with the updates from Microsoft and
other vendors. I have not been able to get the 823559 patch to take on my
computer. Any other update I download sticks like glue, not this one. Is my
antivirus or firewall a problem? Or is this patch for a different version of the
operating software? We are running IE 6.0.

Some people who have experienced trouble with this particular patch had success
when they downloaded it to their hard disc and then installed it, rather than
directly installing it from Windows Update.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: SOLUTIONS; PERSONAL TECH

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                              204 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                             July 12, 2011 Tuesday

Tourism - Let's make the most of all we have

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 473 words


This is a welcome change in the midst of our current "summer", and it affords
locals a chance to show off why Killarney is Ireland's premier tourist
destination.

Maybe the thoroughbred racing enthusiasts are not overly excited about the
standard of the horses competing, but it is a sporting spectacle, and hopefully
Killarney will be able to show its wares in a manner that will help boost
tourism for the whole country.

At the end of the month the Irish Open Golf Championship will be played at
Killarney and the appearance of US Open champion Rory McIlroy will inevitably
attract the international media.

This affords a magnificent opportunity for our tourist interests to promote the
country. People should remember that in the midst of the last major recession
sport played a great role in promoting this country as a tourist destination.

There were the cycling exploits of Seán Kelly and Stephen Roche in France, Italy
and Spain, along with the exploits of the Irish soccer team in Germany and
Italy.

The Irish team went to the European Championship in Germany as no hopers.

The Germans took the Irish supporters to their hearts when the team beat England
in the first game, and the supporters celebrated throughout the competition,
even after losing out on a place in the semi-finals by a freak goal in the dying
minutes of the game to the eventual winners of the competition, Holland.

It was not just the performance of the Irish team, but also the behaviour of the
Irish spectators that won the hearts of the Germans, who flocked to Ireland in
unprecedented numbers the following year.

The same thing happened again a couple of years later after the 1990 World Cup
in Italy.

This country saw the first ever influx of Italian tourists.

Maybe it is time that communities around the country put on their thinking caps
to come up with ideas to promote themselves.

Last weekend there were few if any spare beds to be had on the Aran Islands, as
they were so busy with the influx of tourists.

In the midst of the current downturn, people are not going abroad on exotic
holidays, so there are real opportunities to appeal to Irish people to
rediscover what we have to offer ourselves. This could be a major step to
rekindling our international appeal.

The 2011 Cost of Living Survey - of 214 cities on five continents - published
today by consulting company Mercer - found that Dublin has dropped 16 places
from 42nd to 58th in the list of the most expensive cities surveyed. Dublin is
not as expensive as New York, London, Paris, Rome, or Canberra, but it is more
expensive than capital cities such as Washington DC and Ottawa, as well as
famous destinations like Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, and Toronto.

The survey was conducted in March before the introduction of the latest VAT
decrease, so prices here are probably that bit more competitive.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 4, 2002 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

OBSERVATORY

BYLINE:  By HENRY FOUNTAIN

SECTION: Section F; Column 1; Science Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 636 words


Ants' Demolition Derby

A community can be at its most vulnerable when its members quarrel among
themselves, allowing an enemy to exploit the infighting to its own advantage.
(There is a reason, after all, that the aphorism "United we stand" starts
springing up everywhere in times of trouble.)

What is true for people is also true for ants, apparently, according to a study
by researchers in Britain and Japan. Only with ants, the same enemy that
exploits the infighting is causing it.

The researchers studied a convoluted relationship among two parasitic species, a
wasp and a blue butterfly, and a European ant, Myrmica schencki. The ants serve
as hosts to the butterfly larvae, protecting them in their final development
stages, fooled by similarities in behavior and chemistry between the
caterpillars and the ants' own larvae. But the caterpillar itself can be a host
to the wasp, which given the chance will lay its eggs in it.

How does the wasp get that chance? The researchers, whose work was reported in
the journal Nature, found that the wasps secrete chemicals on the caterpillar.
These chemicals, which had previously been unknown, make the ants more
aggressive, first attracting them to the caterpillar and then repelling them.
After being repelled, they turn on each other as a wave of panic travels through
the colony. Distracted, the ants then cannot defend against the egg-laying wasp.

The researchers found that the chemicals are long-lasting, creating an
aggressive response among ants for nearly two months after being secreted. The
chemicals may provide an alternative to poisons and repellents as a method of
controlling ants, the researchers suggest.

Elk Snowmobile Syndrome

The issue of whether snowmobiles should be allowed in national parks often
focuses on noise and pollution and how they affect other people who use the
parks for quieter forms of winter recreation like cross-country skiing.

But the effects on wildlife are a concern, too. Since wolves and elk do not
attend public hearings, however, it has been difficult to gauge their reaction
to snowmobiling in places like Yellowstone.

Now, researchers from Montana State and Michigan Technological Universities have
provided some measure of the effects on wildlife. Writing in the journal
Conservation Biology, they show that elk and wolves exposed to snowmobiles have
higher levels of hormones caused by stress.

The researchers measured the hormones, called glucocorticoids, in elk feces from
Yellowstone and wolf feces from Yellowstone, Voyageurs National Park in
Minnesota and Isle Royale National Park in Lake Superior. They found that elk
hormone levels were higher in snowmobile season than immediately afterward. With
wolves, hormone levels were higher in Voyageurs, where snowmobiles are allowed,
than in Isle Royale, where they are not.

The Yellowstone samples, from a part of the park where snowmobiles are
prohibited but wheeled vehicles are allowed, showed intermediate levels.

Populations of elk and wolves in the areas studied are stable, so snowmobiling
does not appear to have a direct physical effect on the wildlife. But elevated
stress hormones can cause reproductive and other problems, the researchers say,
so measuring hormones could provide warning of more severe effects to come.

A Photogenic Moon

The Galileo spacecraft's final flyby of Jupiter's moon Io in January may have
fizzled; the craft went into standby mode because of radiation. But earlier
photos of Io have just been released, and they are spectacular.

The images, from flybys last year, show many new volcanoes, bringing the number
of known ones to 120. Other photos, at www.jpl.nasa.gov/images/io, show cliffs
and plume vents.

Galileo will do one last non-imaging flyby of a small moon in the fall and will
then be sent crashing into Jupiter in 2003.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Nurit Karlin)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              206 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Corporate Legal Times

                                 November, 2000

They're Valuable and Yours-Now Exploit Those Patents

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 7275 words

HIGHLIGHT: "A patent case will necessarily involve something that juries just
are not well equipped to deal with coming in the door, and yet they are the ones
who will be making the decision."
-David Hoiriis, Honeywell International

"Getting people to understand there are consequences to the steps they take in
e-commerce is sometimes hard, because the people in this area move at lightning
speed and don't see any reason to slow down."
-Amy C. Becker, Donaldson Co.


Litigation and the Layman

Patents are complicated. Very complicated. And determining the best way to
leverage patents and other intellectual property assets isn't much easier.

Often, clients don't understand why litigating a patent would cost more than the
patent is worth. And if you do decide to litigate a patent case, you have to try
to explain patents to a jury and judge.

Last month, our Roundtable of experts gathered to discuss intellectual capital.
This month's panel of in-house counsel, meeting in Chicago, discuss the
challenges and issues involved in working with businesspeople to exploit and
protect patents in the most cost-effective and strategically smart ways.

Roundtable begins on page 84.

They're Valuable and Yours-Now Exploit Those Patents

William H. Manning, Robins, Kaplan, Miller & Ciresi (moderator): Tell us about
your company, where it's been, where it's going, what's currently occurring.

Michael J. Femal, Square D Co.: I'm senior IP attorney and formerly had the
title international trade attorney.

I've done the whole IP gamut, as well as some international trade issues. I've
handled boycotts, export compliance, meeting with U.S. and foreign government
officials in Washington, D.C., and New York about different trade issues, some
involving intellectual property, some involving export compliance. I've been
involved extensively in some interesting litigation, including complex
litigation on the West Coast for trademarks that went from 1988 to 1998.

I've worked on a number of patent cases and been successful as both a plaintiff
and defendant. I also look at our assets, and consider whether we should file a
case and where the value is in those patented assets and trademarks. And I have
done licensing negotiations in Japan and Europe.

Schneider Electric, of which Square D is a subsidiary, makes about 40,000
electrical products, and our core technologies include electrical distribution
equipment, control products and automation products.

David Hoiriis, Honeywell International: I'm the chief patent counsel for
Honeywell International, the merger of the fairly old and staid 115-year-old
controls company and AlliedSignal. It's now a manufacturing company with $ 25
billion in annual sales. We make everything from specialty chemicals to auto
parts, from control systems to aerospace. It's a very, very broad product
footprint and a very, very broad technology footprint, running all the way from
chemicals materials to electronic software and some relatively new e-business
applications.

It's a very diverse practice from an intellectual property standpoint, because
we have a number of technologies, with different markets and different
competitors.

My particular responsibility is for the patent practice, which includes the
procurement of patents and development of intellectual property strategy.
Honeywell has a very active licensing and litigation docket as well.

Amy C. Becker, Donaldson Co.: I'm part of a two-lawyer legal department at
Donaldson Co., which is located in Bloomington, Minn. We hit a milestone this
year with $ 1 billion in revenue-our 12th year of double-digit earnings growth.
So it's been a banner year for us. We also had two very large acquisitions this
year.

Donaldson started in the early 1900s in engine filtration. We're divided into
two divisions: One is the engine division, the other is industrial products. The
engine division does heavy-duty and medium-duty trucks. On the industrial side,
we have dust-collection systems. We also make very large filtration systems for
gas-turbine systems. We have a high-purity products division within the
industrial division, where we do filtration products for computers, clean-room
systems and things like that.

We have international operations, with offices in Belgium and Japan. As part of
a two-lawyer legal department, we do a lot of tag teaming, and the general
counsel and I work on a lot of different things. My primary responsibility is
litigation, and I have responsibility for all litigation, including intellectual
property and client counseling. And I do client counseling on every subject you
could imagine.

I try to focus a lot of my energies on joint development and joint
arrangements-partnering with our customers and our suppliers. I've also been
working a lot on e-commerce and e-business, which is something we're trying to
implement.

Barry Estrin, E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co.: I'm the group leader of our IP
litigation section, which means I head a group of several attorneys.

We're principally responsible for the company's global IP litigation, but we do
more. We interact with all of our patent attorneys to advise them on certain
projects and with our commercial lawyers and our other litigators in house.

DuPont will be celebrating its 200th birthday anniversary in a couple years. It
started out as a gunpowder company on the banks of the Brandywine in Wilmington,
Del. From there, it seems to reinvent itself every 100 years. The first
reinvention occurred at the beginning of this century, where it got into a lot
of polymers, invented nylon and a number of other plastics, which we take for
granted every day. And it's going through another reinvention right now, as it
gets into chemical biology-based solutions. In using genetics, we do everything
from making plastics to enhancing the food supply.

DuPont has a number of products that are very familiar to people. One of our
biggest problems is that they're too familiar-people tend to use them without
attributing them to DuPont as a trademark-products such as Teflon, Lycra,
Kevlar, Dacron and Stainmaster. There are thousands of products, all managed
within about 18 to 20 business units.

Our annual revenues are close to $ 30 billion. We did have an energy unit,
Conoco, which we spun off last year. That had brought in about $ 16 billion more
in revenues.

VIEWING IP AS AN ASSET

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: I'm amazed at the breadth of your practice and that
you're called on to participate in a very detailed, substantive way in so many
areas. In private practice, you have the luxury of specializing a little more.

How do each of your companies manage intellectual property assets?

Estrin, DuPont: A company as varied as DuPont, with all of its product lines,
manages its intellectual property differently in each of its businesses-each
decides how much it wants to spend to create intellectual property and research,
and how each wants to protect it.

In the past, intellectual property, particularly patents, at DuPont was
something that our businesspeople didn't pay much attention to. The technical
intellectual property was something the scientists and the patent attorneys were
concerned with. All the businesspeople wanted to know was, are we protected,
without really knowing what that means.

In the last decade, led by some highly publicized companies such as IBM and
Lucent Technologies, businesses have realized that intellectual property is a
real asset, and like any other asset, it needs to be managed properly by the
businesspeople. And it's an asset that needs to provide the company an
acceptable rate of return.

In the past year, we've created an IP business unit to work on licensing our IP
assets, our technology as well as patents.

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: Michael, how do you manage IP assets as a company?

Femal, Square D: There are principally four patent attorneys within a department
of 12 in our company, all located in Palatine, Ill.

More recently, the company has pursued infringers, as in the cases when people
will palm your products off as their own. That was the nexus of a case out in
California. They took reconditioned products, put new labels on them and sold
them as new. I can't give exact numbers, but that alone brought a lot of revenue
to the company. We shut those people down.

There have been very bad products that could cause potential products liability
for our company-and had, as we found out. So enforcing IP assets is very
important from the trademark standpoint. We make sure other people aren't
pawning off our products as their own or reconditioning our products and passing
them off.

Our products lend themselves to that. People think of breakers as simple
devices, but there is a lot of complexity to them. There are several hundred
parts, and there's a lot of theory and physics that go into the breaker. Taking
casings, putting parts in them and selling them as brand new can cause some
problems.

On the patent side, for many years the company had more of a defensive posture.
The company came up with some real significant advancements in technology, in
breakers and in welder control for the automotives. But the company didn't
really seek licensees or seek to enforce those assets. That has changed over the
last few years.

Management now wants to think that they will get some revenue from a
development. All of our companies spend a lot of money on R&D, and, quite often,
we leave too much on the table or allow competition to make too much use of our
technology.

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: Do you have an active program that seeks licensees?

Femal, Square D: We do. I just traveled to Europe and Asia to license companies.
Companies now do patent searches. The databases are getting much better. We'll
get a letter out of the blue, addressed to our CEO or to our chief counsel. The
writer will want to know if there is a license available in a particular area.
They already know our technology and what they might stumble into if they go our
direction. So people are coming to us.

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: David, how do you manage IP assets at your company?

I would to note that you were also chief intellectual property counsel for Wang,
and you have a unique perspective. How long have you been with Honeywell?

Hoiriis, Honeywell: I've been with Honeywell for six years.

Wang was a very interesting company in that it started managing intellectual
property and the company was founded on patents that were acquired by Dr. Wang,
who invented the original computer memory. When the company went through a
well-publicized Chapter 11, the major financing vehicle that came out of that
was a lawsuit against Microsoft. It was a fascinating illustration of the power
of intellectual property within that kind of business.

Honeywell has a very, very strong intellectual property tradition in both the
AlliedSignal component and the Honeywell component. Intellectual property is
very much a part of the corporate cultures of both companies. But there is a lot
of competition for the attention of management. And intellectual property is one
of those things that waxes and wanes, depending upon the attitudes of the
businesses involved.

Honeywell is fortunate in that it has two interesting IP aspects. One is the
advanced research laboratory, which is involved in things that are further away
from becoming products, where we're able to get good intellectual property
positions in working technologies.

At the back end of the intellectual property process, we have a dedicated
licensing office that's been successful in finding companies to license or
acquire technology that is either an idle asset or is in a field of use where
we're not able to wring all the value out of it. And obviously, the revenue
generated from that is something the business looks forward to, and it helps
drive the entire process through the company.

Becker, Donaldson: This area is not my primary area of responsibility, but it is
one I do work with on occasion. The engine side is a very established, very old
business. Some people will wait until you come out with something new, then
basically walk in and copy it. It's very prevalent in that area. That's compared
with the computer-filtration industry, where everything is brand new and within
two years the technology is obsolete.

Donaldson recently has taken a new approach. We work with managers within the
business units. Their job is to partner with the legal department liaison and
outside counsel to do a cost-benefit analysis of the patent or the intellectual
property. They do a value analysis with each product as they're coming out with
it. And it seems to have helped us in strategic planning, long-term planning, to
say, "This is a product we can build on. It makes sense for us to try to grab
that market through the intellectual property versus coming up with a product we
know in two years will be obsolete."

We have worked through a product-management approach, and tied those people into
the legal department and our outside intellectual property counsel.

LITIGATION AS BUSINESS STRATEGY

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: How do you evaluate an intellectual property-related
case prior to filing? Do you have a process?

Becker, Donaldson: We don't have a process per se, but we do partner between the
business-unit managers and the product managers in the legal department. Through
that, we look at the value of the products and consider the strategic plan for
those.

We also look at our ability to resolve a dispute without litigation, through
licensing or another arrangement. We look at the product and the plan for the
product's future. Then, through a series of meetings with the people who are
intimately involved with the product or the piece of intellectual property, we
decide how to proceed.

Hoiriis, Honeywell: Litigation is a business strategy. You need to start with an
objective. Is your objective, say, in a trade secret case to restrain the use of
an invention? That sends a message to your employees.

So first, you have to start with an objective. The second step is weighing the
cost-benefit of the win. What do you win if you win? Is it worth it? Third,
assess the likelihood of a win. Are there other issues which might come about in
the course of the litigation that might be less than desirable to raise?

And then it's an investment decision. Do we want to address the cost in terms of
outside counsel fees, management attention and management resources for the win?
In essence, it's not that much different from any business decision the company
makes on a day-to-day basis in other endeavors. The big difference with
litigation is it's probably a less-known art to many of the businesspeople, who
will need a lot of help from both inside and outside counsel to understand
completely how the system works, the timing and what's likely to happen next.

But you work with the businesspeople to educate them, do the analysis and then
make a rational business decision.

Femal, Square D: Ditto to everything David said.

In addition, we look at what the opponent has in his patent portfolio before we
start a war. Quite often, business managers are ready to say, "Let's stop this."
It's up to us to point out the attendant risks of that-they may have a portfolio
they are not enforcing themselves. So look at your target. We do an in-depth
analysis of what patent portfolio they have to serve back against us in
counterclaims. You can stub your toe and sometimes it's better to play it out on
the marketplace than bring a lawsuit.

When a situation arises, we talk with the product manager and the business unit.
The marketing people get involved, as well as our upper management, before we
take action. As an international corporation that deals with other international
competitors, what we start on this side of the pond may find its way across the
Atlantic or the Pacific. We look at the patents in Europe and Asia.

On the trademark side, we enforce our trademarks to avoid products liability and
other things that may come into play if you do not enforce your trademarks.
Especially in some of the foreign countries, you have to be very careful to make
sure you use those marks or have them licensed. You don't let them sit idle, or
you might lose your trademarks-and very good marks, too.

There's a lot of analysis that goes into what our competition will do to us.

Estrin, DuPont: At DuPont, we reorganized our litigation six to seven years ago
to create what's known as the DuPont Legal Model. One of the components of this
is early-case assessment, which requires that every litigation goes through an
assessment within 120 days of filing. That's primarily directed to defendant's
cases-products liability to personal injury cases.

One area where we bring a lot of value is evaluating and kicking the tires of
potential IP litigation. For most of those, we never go to outside counsel.
We'll find that it's just not worth doing, there's not enough money in it, the
people who bring it don't really recognize what litigation is all about, and the
managers certainly don't. So we have to talk to them and educate them.

On the defensive side for patents, we take a look when we're going into an area
covered by a competitive patent portfolio. That can bring value, too. We do a
risk assessment, as to whether we should go there, of course. Beyond that, we do
a financial-risk assessment. We sometimes bring in our financial partners such
as PricewaterhouseCoopers, so the business side appreciates the risk of being
wrong in an opinion and what it costs down the road.

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: Do you find with any frequency that outside counsel
say, "Don't go forward with the case," or, "Resolve this case early on," on the
defense side, because of the cost benefits?

Estrin, DuPont: It happens. We tend to do that more often in-house. When we get
a lot of push back from the businesspeople saying, "I hear you, but I want to
bring this," or "I hear you, but I don't really want to bring this," if you
bring somebody else in, when the business people hear the message again, it
usually dies.

ASSESSING THE RISKS

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: Do you assess the vulnerability of your company's
products and patent portfolio before you bring a patent lawsuit? How do you do
that?

Femal, Square D: We do it. We do an assignment search in the Patent Office for
the patents of that competitor, including any subsidiaries. Sometimes-not often,
but sometimes-the patent may be in the name of outside contractors. That's a
sneaky way for a company to not even file an assignment, but still have it. So
we look at all of the potential patents a party may have.

We use firms in Washington, D.C., and in Europe to search for us. We also look
at products a company makes, to make sure we haven't missed any. I often find a
company you think makes only a particular product line has something else that's
very dear to you and is a revenue payment you don't want to upset.

And we do a lot of in-house database checking ourselves. The U.S. PTO has gotten
much better in its electronic database, so you can do a fairly decent search.

Hoiriis, Honeywell: It's prudent, obviously, to know where your weaknesses are.
A couple of things reduce your vulnerability here. One is a fairly
institutionalized patent-clearance process at the front end. Understanding who
your competitors are in the area, what the state of the art is and where are the
strong intellectual property decisions helps you in that process.

But, as Michael said, the process has many problems in it. Many companies, when
they acquire a subsidiary, won't change the name or won't change the assignment,
so you're not entirely sure who owns what patents. That again brings you back to
understanding what your market looks like and what the art looks like in the
area you're in.

Another area of vulnerability, particularly for a company such as Honeywell, is
the myriad relationships that you may have with the companies that are potential
defendants in a patent action. In a company with a lot of supplier and customer
relationships, sometimes your decision depends on whether this is someone with
whom you have a relationship that outweighs the object of the litigation. Can
you then use that to move yourself toward a more cooperative resolution dispute?
Typically, those are a little less profitable, but on an overall basis, serve
the company a little bit better.

THE NON-MATERIAL COSTS OF LITIGATION

Becker, Donaldson: As a manufacturing company, we're very lean, not only in our
legal department, but in some of our other departments. So when we look at
litigation, we have to look at the resources available to us, what resources
need to be taken from the technical side to assist us in the litigation and
whether that makes sense in this particular case.

Some of our customers are also some of our biggest competitors. In bringing
litigation, you have to consider what you are doing to your customer, and
whether you can do that and maintain a relationship. That's a big push-pull for
us. In looking at these, we look at what is available to us and whether there is
another way to resolve this.

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: When it comes to litigation, selecting experts is as
important as selecting outside counsel-and as costly, if not more so. When
selecting outside counsel and experts, what do you specifically look for?

Becker, Donaldson: Donaldson looks for someone who can fit within the company
culture, who can work closely with our engineers as well as our business
managers. With only two of us in the legal department, there are times when we
can't be there to interface and help that communication.

We also look for people with perspective. We look for experts and outside
counsel who won't tell us what we want to hear but will tell us what we need to
know in order to best evaluate our cases.

We also take into consideration the venue of the litigation and what a judge or
a jury in that venue would be looking for.

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: How do you assess what a judge or a jury in a
particular venue may be looking for, in a venue you are not personally familiar
with?

Becker, Donaldson: A lot of our manufacturing facilities are in rural areas, and
to bring in someone who's not familiar with the culture or the venue of rural
areas can be mistake.

So we look for people who can fit into that culture and be able to explain to
judges, juries and even our own people, in laymen's terms, what we're trying to
accomplish and what it will take to get us there. We look to find people who can
fit within that.

Hoiriis, Honeywell: We use three criteria for a law firm. The first is that the
best predictor of future success is past success, so the track record of the
firm, the team we're using, is very, very important.

Number two is, you need a certain comfort level with the outside counsel.
Litigation has ebbs and flows, highs and lows, and you're looking for mostly an
accurate, reliable assessment. It isn't what you want to hear, but someone who
tells you where you are every step of the process. It influences how you report
to your management and how you assess the case going forward. Do you want to
continue to invest in it, or do you want to try to find some other way to
resolve the matter?

And lastly is cost sensitivity. There is not an unlimited budget for any of the
matters we pursue. It's important that outside counsel be able to work within a
budget, help us understand what the budget risks are and then work with us
throughout the case to try to keep it within some reasonable limits.

Femal, Square D: With our product lines, we look for a lot of things with our
law firms.

We look for firms that have the technology and background expertise. Most of our
litigators have electrical engineering degrees, for example.

We also look for a track record. We talk with outside counsel, whether they are
in New York or Chicago. We know most firms personally. We know the members of
the firm and their strengths and weaknesses.

If a case is outside the Chicago area, we try to use more than just local firms.
We have some individuals who we consider very good litigators, and we may have
them handle a case in another jurisdiction. But finding good local counsel who
understand the technology and what we do is very important.

It's tough sometimes for our main counsel when we go with local counsel. They
think, "This guy may steal my client." So we try to make clear up front that we
will pick the best firm and the best man for the job and for the product.

Another issue we look at when choosing firms is the number of motions firms
file. You sometimes see firms in the U.S. Patent Quarterly that file a lot of
different motions. And they always seem to be unsuccessful. I'm always looking
for counsel who file only the motions you need to file as you go through the
litigation, that are mostly successful with those motions and not filing
repetitive motions just to fill the day. We're very cost conscious and a lot of
times, I veto motions. I'll say, "Listen, we will lose. Let's not even file it
and save the money." Quite often, that turns out to be a good strategic
decision. I look for counsel who will go along with that, because I'm very
actively involved with outside counsel.

LITIGATION IS CONTEXTUAL

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: We hear the phrase "strategic plan" frequently. How do
you go about specifically identifying the business purpose in the strategic plan
of a company or the business unit? Is the business purpose sometimes at odds
with outside counsel or experts or another sector of the company?

Hoiriis, Honeywell: At some level, litigation is all contextual. It comes about
because of a set of facts that arise. You find a competitor or another company
using intellectual property that belongs to your company, and, at least in my
organization, that kicks off a process. And that process is one of harmonizing
different views of different organizations and different people, to hopefully
come out with a unified strategy when you're done. And hopefully, your people
sign on for the duration of the case. It's not at all unusual for people to have
different views on whether litigation should be brought. Before a case begins,
these differences should be harmonized in some way, so the company moves forward
in a similar result.

Estrin, DuPont: It's easy to throw out terms such as "business purpose" or
"business goals."

The businesspeople ought to understand those but don't in the context of
litigation. They may know very little about the litigation process or what's
achievable in litigation. Our job in-house is to understand where that business
is, where it wants to go and how a litigation could fit. Could it help or hurt?
Then, we should explain that to the business leader, so he understands the reach
of the case and what it can or cannot accomplish.

Many business leaders who are new to litigation, particularly patent litigation,
think, "We've got the patent, let's go out and stop them. We'll get a lot of
money. It's as simple as that." And we all know it isn't.

Oftentimes, the businesspeople will find that what's best for the business is
licensing.

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: Management is amazed to hear from inside and outside
counsel that 40 percent to 45 percent of cases are reversed by the Court of
Appeals for the Federal Circuit. The lawyers understand that, and they
understand what three to five years means, which is a long time. It's a terribly
long time in today's business environment, with companies moving in and out of
businesses.

It's the process of telling and getting businesspeople to really hear it. Of
course, when you're on the losing side and need to go to the CAFC, it's a very
painful thing to live with that for months, even though, in your view, there is
a high likelihood it will be changed.

Hoiriis, Honeywell: That's a constant challenge in the life of a litigation,
particularly appeals. Oftentimes, the litigation lasts longer than the
management who made the original decision to proceed. That's why you build a
process and decide if there is a consensus that the litigation is worth
pursuing.

As you go along, every step can be re-analyzed in terms of its cost-benefit, and
it sometimes gets to the point where you can't continue to invest in something
as the returns get smaller and more remote. Most management is tuned in to very
short-term goals that are well outside what you experience in litigation.

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: Given the speed at which advances and changes occur in
the e-commerce world, how often does your company reassess your long-range plan
in terms of the role played by the intellectual property assets?

Becker, Donaldson: It's a constant communication between the businesspeople and
our intellectual property liaison and legal. We talk about where we're going,
what we're doing and how that changes from time to time.

Femal, Square D: It's an ongoing process for us. We're always looking at our
assets to evaluate them, and businesspeople ask questions.

There are also interesting opportunities for in-house IP counsel to go to a
competitor's web site, pull up its products and get complete information on how
it operates. You can even get technical manuals and things that used to be
available only through discovery in patent litigation. Now, you find out how
these products work. You can get a complete printed circuit board or even sample
software. You may not get the source code online, but sometimes you can get into
the technical sites of these competitors.

It is a wonderful opportunity to reduce what used to be a very expensive process
when you were preparing a case. But it's a two-edged sword. If you publish more
and more on your web site, you need to realize your competitor is probably doing
the same research on your site.

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: A company today doesn't have the luxury of deciding to
participate in new technology. You need to be more proactive and participatory
in the process. Is there a need for more planning and more vision to understand
how e-commerce will impact the business five years from now, 10 years from now?

Hoiriis, Honeywell: E-business and planning are almost antithetical. E-business
is moving at such an incredible pace that your plans will be obsolete as soon as
they're put into writing.

From a legal perspective, I look at the analogy with computer law in the 1970s
and 1980s. There was this new technology, and we were trying to apply the legal
tools we had in that area. But those developed over a period of 10 to 15 years,
and now e-commerce is moving at a much more frightening speed.

It's very hard to assess the long-term implications in this kind of environment.
Michael was talking about using the Internet to look at competitors' web sites,
and that's something we're doing daily.

How should you provide information to your customers? Somebody may have already
made the business decision that this information is useful for commerce. But it
may not be useful for defensive-end purposes. These balances will go back and
forth for a while. It will take some time to completely understand where you
need to be.

Becker, Donaldson: There is a delicate balance. One of the roles that I play-and
that our e-commerce team plays-is trying not to stop this train, but slow it
down. We want to make sure everybody is thinking about the impact of what they
do, and how that will affect us in the future with the ease of delivery of
information on the Internet.

We use our site to educate our customers, our competitors and others about our
products. And sometimes that conflicts with IP, when someone from a marketing
standpoint believes we need to get this product out, but maybe we haven't gone
through the steps necessary to protect the product at that point. Then we're in
a crunch. Getting people to understand there are consequences for the steps they
take in e-commerce is sometimes hard, because the people in this area move at
lightning speed and don't see any reason to slow down.

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: Business-method patents are becoming much more
prominent now, to the point The Wall Street Journal is publishing front-page
articles about them. How is that impacting your business, offensively or
defensively?

Estrin, DuPont: The jury is still out on business-method patents and what value
they really bring. The Patent Office is taking a new look at them and will give
an extra, separate review of business-method patents.

Those of us in more established companies want to be cautious about devoting a
lot of attention to getting business-method patents and not getting real patents
on products and processes that we make. People do read The Wall Street Journal,
they see an article, and they say, "Wow, I should be patenting the way I run my
laboratory. I do research here, I should be patenting the way I sell the product
because we've seen all this publicity about it."

Whether that will be of any real value, who knows? As we mentioned before, the
Federal Circuit does some funny things. While it opened up the area of
business-method patents, it could close it just as well. So you may find
yourself with a lot of worthless patents three or four years down the road.

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: Can you afford to participate? Can you afford not to?

Estrin, DuPont: You do it selectively, but you don't rush headlong into it if
that's not your business.

Hoiriis, Honeywell: The counterview to Barry's is, you can't catch an airplane
unless you're at the airport.

You're betting right now as to what the Federal Circuit will do in five, six,
seven, eight years. If you're investing in e-commerce along with the rest of
your industry, can you afford not to try to stake out whatever innovation you've
created in that area?

It's a difficult question, but we faced the same question with software patents,
we faced the same question with other changes in the intellectual property law.
Whether it will be a long-term phenomenon or not, I'm not sure you can bet that
it won't be.

Femal, Square D: Companies-that's loosely stated-that just own patents will sue
a whole industry, and they come at you for nominal amounts. These are
business-method patents that you never paid much attention to, and now they are
popular. Companies are dusting off relatively old patents and asserting them
against any major brick-and-mortar company that has actual real assets and money
to pay fees for using e-commerce. It's just amazing to me.

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: Do you find your patent lawyers are seeking advice from
you on whether to prosecute business-method patents, for example? Does that
discussion arise between them and the businesspeople, and eventually find its
way to your desks?

Femal, Square D: From our perspective, we're looking at business-method patents.

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: And filing them?

Femal, Square D: And filing them.

THE NATURE OF IP LITIGATION

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: Do you interact with the business units at your company
in combination with outside counsel?

Femal, Square D: We have used outside counsel with our business units on
international trade issues, export issues and boycott compliance issues. We've
also used counsel on some patent areas, if the need arose for that consultation.

It's been across the board in a lot of areas in our business, from general
commercial to IP. But it's on an ad hoc basis. Most of the issues are handled by
in-house counsel.

Hoiriis, Honeywell: The nature of intellectual property litigation particularly
tends to bring outside counsel in closer contact with inside people. Those
inside people are the ones with the technical and product information necessary
in preparing to execute the case.

These aren't planned meetings. These tend to be cooperative, working
relationships that develop over the period of the case and will be different,
depending upon how much internal resource is necessary. If it's a case where the
patent is for a business that's long shut down or where we're no longer actively
pursued, there's obviously very little interaction between our outside counsel
and the businesspeople. Conversely, you can have a case that involves mainline,
competitive and current interests for the company. In those cases, outside
counsel will be highly involved with the business clients on an ongoing basis.

Becker, Donaldson: With a legal department of two, we tend to use outside
counsel on a regular basis.

From an intellectual property standpoint, we have outside patent counsel who are
intimately involved and know our products inside and out, and we use those
people on a regular basis. We have regular meetings where they come out to talk
about advancements and related products, and then we go through an analysis of
whether we want to move forward with any new patents or continuations. We also
do it as issues arise.

From a litigation standpoint, I like to start out the litigation with a team
meeting where we include the primary businesspeople, the technical people who
will be involved, as well as outside counsel and myself. We then meet
periodically to keep everybody up to date so they feel that they're a part of
the team.

With limited resources, you have to allow people to feel as if they add value,
and to do that, the communication needs to flow.

PULLING THE PLUG

Manning, Robins, Kaplan: You have all won patent cases. What, from your
experience, are the key ingredients to winning a patent case?

Becker, Donaldson: Work with outside counsel to develop the theme of the case
early on, and then build on that in the facts and the circumstances you
understand throughout the case.

One of the hardest things is to get people to focus on one theme. At some point,
you may find the theme needs to be changed or modified or tweaked. But in order
to get a jury or judge to follow the case, you need a theme, and then you have
to build on that.

Estrin, DuPont: I agree. The case has to mean something, and it has to have some
pizzazz, because patent cases are tried with juries almost exclusively now. If
you're the plaintiff, you want to put forward the theme of what happened here,
how great your product was, and what these guys did. You have to be able to see
that and establish it early on with your outside counsel.

If you get into discovery without keeping on track, you probably will not win
that case. What will happen is that case will get settled, because your client
will be spending too much money and get tired of it. But if you can, go for it
on that theme and take some risks. Don't be afraid of leaving stones unturned.
If you have a decent patent case that has a ringing theme, try to get it to
trial as quickly as possible.

Femal, Square D: Winning a case on a summary judgment motion is always
preferable to a judge and a jury. Quite often you come up with a judge who
doesn't understand the technology and a jury who is totally clueless. When you
poll the jury at the end of the case-whether you won or lost-you'll be amazed
that they didn't understand the patent, they didn't understand the defendant's
structure. They still don't understand what the claim is. It doesn't matter how
well the litigator explained everything to them. The judge and the jury have
both tuned out. It's incredible what does go on in the trial. If our CEOs and
managers attended a trial and saw what went on, it would frighten them to death.

We've been very successful in winning key motions and key things. If you keep it
away from the jury, especially as a defendant, sometimes you're better off.
Simple things impress juries, such as a patent with its ribbon on. And depending
on the educational level of your jury, unfortunately, that may be the only thing
which impresses them at the end of the day. So you have to be very careful with
your cases. And you can pretty well see how things are going, too. You can see
during trial if the jury and the judge have turned off. The important thing is
to always be on top of the case, seeing exactly what's happening and look at it
objectively. Counsel in a patent case will say, "I think this jury is paying
attention." Don't believe a word he says. They're not.

You need to be hands on, to watch exactly what's going on and know when to pull
the plug on a useless case, either as a plaintiff or a defendant. That's all
that matters. That's probably why so few cases get tried, and the rest are
settled. The job we can do as in-house counsel is be aware that at any time
during these patent case or trademark cases, or even copyright cases, there may
be a time when you need to pull the plug. You have to realize when the ultimate
decider of the facts, the jury, will not be in your favor, or the judge is not
ruling anywhere near your favor, and you're establishing a bad record, for
whatever reason.

We've had cases where we've had great animations and a judge told us that the
animation was prejudicial to the defendant or the plaintiff because it explains
too well how the products are identical or dissimilar. We've had animations
thrown out, and you end up with just a few boards. It may not be enough to win a
case, because, although some of these juries are not very educated, they're very
good with media, and they like animations. But if you can't get them in, it may
be better just to cut your losses and make some kind of settlement.

Hoiriis, Honeywell: The real challenge in a patent case is dealing with
something that's inherently very difficult to understand and explain it to
people who do not have any grasp of what a patent means and what it covers.

The challenge there is to get the technology into a little bit of theater. Get
the jury involved in the invention-how important is the invention, is there a
person behind the invention? A patent case will necessarily involve something
that juries just are not well equipped to deal with coming in the door, and yet
they are the ones who will be making the decision.

Becker, Donaldson: If you can, keep it simple and use demonstratives. It keeps
the jury's interest.

Femal, Square D: If you're not able to get the demonstratives in, or the judge
rules against you in a sidebar early in the morning, then it's time to think
about settling the case.

Amy C. Becker is senior counsel and assistant secretary for Donaldson Co.,
Bloomington, Minn., which manufactures filtration systems and replacement parts.
Becker is responsible for advising corporate and business operations on a range
of issues, including intellectual property and litigation.

Barry Estrin is corporate counsel at E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co., Wilmington,
Del., where he is a group leader for intellectual property litigation. While
earning his J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center, Estrin worked as an
examiner in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.  Estrin also worked as a trial
attorney for the U.S.  Department of Justice.Michael J. Femal is senior IP
counsel for Square D Co., Palatine, Ill., a wholly owned subsidiary of Schneider
Electric, and special counsel to Schneider Electric's automation business. Femal
is responsible for all IP activities in the field of patent, trademark and
copyright law at Square D and Schneider Automation.

David Hoiriis is associate general counsel and chief patent counsel of Honeywell
International, Morristown, N.J. Prior to Honeywell's merger with AlliedSignal
Inc., he was vice president and associate general counsel intellectual property
of Honeywell Inc. Hoiriis graduated from Boston University School of Law.William
H. Manning is a partner at Robins, Kaplan, Miller & Ciresi, Minneapolis, where
he represents corporations in a range of commercial litigation, intellectual
property and products liability defense matters. Prior to joining Robins,
Miller, Manning was director of tort litigation at the Minnesota Attorney
General's Office.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo, Roundtable participants are (from left) Amy C. Becker, Donaldson
Co.; William H. Manning, Robins, Kaplan, Miller & Ciresi; Barry Estrin, E.I.
DuPont de Nemours & Co.; Michael J. Femal, Square D Co.; Jennifer E. King,
Corporate Legal Times; and David Hoiriis, Honeywell International.; Photo by
david k. kamba ; Photo, "Counsel in a patent case will say, 'I think this jury
is paying attention.' Don't believe a word he says. They're not." -Michael J.
Femal, Square D Co.; Photo by david k. kamba ; Photo, "We look for experts and
outside counsel who won't tell us what we want to hear but will tell us what we
need to know in order to best evaluate our cases." -Amy C. Becker, Donaldson
Co.; Photo by david k. kamba ; Photo, "Litigation is a business strategy. You
need to start out with an objective." -David Hoiriis, Honeywell International;
Photo by david kamba ; Photo, "Those of us in more established companies want to
be cautious about devoting a lot of attention to getting business-method patents
and not getting real patents on products and processes that we make." -Barry
Estrin, E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co.; Photo by david k. kamba ; Photo,
"Management is amazed to hear from inside and outside counsel that 40 percent to
45 percent of cases are reversed by the Court of Appeals for the Federal
Circuit." -William H. Manning, Robins, Kaplan, Miller & Ciresi

                Copyright 2000 Corporate Legal Times Corporation


                              207 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Illawarra Mercury (Australia)

                             August 21, 2015 Friday
                                 First Edition

Subway star pleads guilty to child porn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 364 words


LOS ANGELES: For more than a decade, Jared Fogle was the everyman who touted
Subway sandwiches and a role model for Americans struggling to lose weight. Now,
he faces up to 12\xC2&#189; years in prison for his involvement in a years-long
scheme to sexually exploit children. He'll have to pay $US1.4 million ($1.9
million) to 14 victims, and his wife is divorcing him.

Between 2010 and 2013, Fogle, while travelling in New York City, paid to have
sex with two teenage girls, according to a criminal complaint.

The incidents occurred at the Plaza and Ritz Carlton Hotels, where Fogle was
staying, often for business travel.

"Let's call this what it is," Josh Minkler, US lawyer for the Southern District
of Indiana, said on Wednesday. "This is about using wealth, status and secrecy
to illegally exploit children."

Fogle admitted on Wednesday that he knew that Russell Taylor, a former executive
at Fogle's Jared Foundation, which focused on inner-city kids, was sexually
exploiting a 14-year-old girl in 2011, prosecutors said. Instead of stopping the
abuse, they say, Fogle chose to "receive and repeatedly view" the pornography
Taylor produced of the girl. Taylor targeted a total of 12 children between ages
nine and 16, none of whom knew they were being filmed, prosecutors say.

Fogle, 37, will plead guilty to one count of distribution and receipt of child
pornography and one count of travelling to engage in unlawful sex acts with
minors.

Fogle appeared on Wednesday before a federal judge to hear the charges and was
released on home detention with GPS monitoring.

"I think he's probably going to stay around, but if not, we'll find him," Steven
DeBrota, of the US Attorney's Office, said.

"I don't think Jared can flee very far without getting recognised."

Fogle began appearing in Subway advertisements in 2000, after the story of his
dramatic weight loss appeared in Men's Health magazine, and he soon found
himself at the centre of one of the United States most successful and enduring
advertising campaigns.

Shortly after the announcement, Subway said on Twitter that it considered
Fogle's actions "inexcusable" and that they "do not represent our brand's
values".

Los Angeles Times

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FOGLE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Illawarra Newspapers Holdings Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

To succeed, companies need to fire up social media;
Connection required to capitalize on 'peer effects'

BYLINE: Mark Veverka

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 850 words


Got social?

If your company or business doesn't have a social-media strategy, it'd better
get one. Pronto.

Social media is more than Harlem Shakes going viral, but the flash mob video of
the moment certainly illustrates the power of the Web as an important marketing
channel that can't be ignored.

"Going viral is now a part of marketing speak," says Dean Eckles, Facebook's
director of data science.

Eckles, who has multiple degrees from Stanford University, including a Ph.D.,
posits that social media exploits an aspect of behavioral science dubbed "peer
effects" -- how the behavior of a person  can have an impact on the people he or
she hangs around with.

In other words, if a person quits eating doughnuts and goes on a diet, it
sometimes can compel his or her friends to follow suit.

Of course, peer effects aren't just a byproduct of the Internet, but social
media can exploit their power  in its advertising, marketing and selling
channels. The re-sharing of information on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn,
Instagram and myriad other social-media platforms can and will profoundly affect
how we buy and sell stuff, Eckles told attendees at a social-media conference in
South Lake Tahoe, Calif., last week.

One of the hosts of the confab was Broomfield, Colo.-based Vail Resorts, which
has been a pioneer in integrating social media into its corporate marketing mix.
"From day one, we knew social media was going to be a critical part of our
marketing strategy," says John Wagnon, head of brand marketing at Vail's
Heavenly Mountain Resort at Lake Tahoe.

Wagnon says the snow sport community was already online and the conversation
among its members was going to happen with or without Vail's participation. So
it  made sense to engage early and often, prompting Vail to devote a slice of
its marketing budget to social media as early as 2008.

Vail quickly implemented an all-digital ski pass system -- forgoing paper lift
tickets  -- that uses digital readers  at the bottom and top of all of its ski
lifts. The system tracks skiers' activity on the mountain, and shares  data with
individual skiers through its EpicMix social-media site. Vail's efforts are
still in their early stages, and Wagnon says that the company is taking a
long-term view in hopes of building lasting relationships with its customers.
Thus far, Vail has the largest Facebook fan base of any ski outfit in the world.
"It has worked out well for us," Wagnon says.

Using social media cuts out the middleman, allowing companies to establish
direct relationships with their customers -- for better or worse. On one hand,
it allows companies to deliver information directly to consumers -- whether the
introduction of new products or a temporary price reduction -- reaching the
people who are most likely to respond, says David Armano, a managing director
for Edelman Digital.

A proactive digital media team can also provide a more responsive feedback loop
with customers when things go wrong, Armano notes. Too often, companies don't
know when they have failed, but social-media interaction can provide ample
opportunity for improving customer satisfaction and loyalty. "It gives you a
chance to fix things," Armano says.

Put another way, social media simply can make a company or business more visible
and transparent. It brings together customers, employees and partners and makes
them more connected. Call it "social business," says Chris Heuer, director of
social media for consulting giant Deloitte.

"Doing business in a connected society requires engagement, because connected
customers have a lot more to give or take away than just their money," Heuer
says.

As a result, expect big changes in the way we do business. "The social physics
of a connected society are as different as those between a flat and a round
world," Heuer says.

Social climbing. Social business will certainly be on the agenda Wednesday at
the annual winter meeting of the Rocky Mountain Venture Capital Association
being held near Vail, Colo. While California's Silicon Valley and New York's
Silicon Alley grab most of the start-up headlines, early-stage investment by the
Rocky Mountain region has certainly held its own in recent years -- especially
in Utah and Colorado.

Venture-capital firms in the Rockies -- which also include Wyoming, Arizona,
Nevada, Idaho, New Mexico and Montana -- invested in more than 180 deals in 2012
totaling more than $1.1 billion. Their robust injection of capital has not gone
unnoticed by Colorado's chief executive, Gov. John Hickenlooper, who is expected
to make an appearance at the conference.

No doubt, the former mayor of Denver and entrepreneur will likely encourage the
venture crowd to continue to seed fledgling companies in their own backyard,
touting his state's educated workforce, lower cost of living and natural outdoor
assets over more costly and urban coastal counterparts.

I suppose he could say: Colorado rocks.

Mark Veverka is a technology columnist with more than 25 years of financial
journalism experience. He was previously a columnist at Barron's, The Wall
Street Journal and the San Francisco Chronicle.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo PR NEWSWIRE Skiers at Heavenly Mountain Resort in Vail, Colo.
Parent Vail Resports boarded the social-media lift right away.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             June 14, 2016 Tuesday

US Muslim leader condemns Orlando attack, slams extremists

SECTION: Vol. 21 No. 166

LENGTH: 255  words


The head of a prominent US Muslim advocacy group has strongly condemned the
nightclub massacre in Florida, calling members of the Islamic State group an
"aberration" amid allegations the gunman was inspired by the militants.

Nihad Awad, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations,
also called for unity and urged politicians not to "exploit" the slaughter in
Orlando, which left 50 dead and dozens more injured.

"This is a hate crime. We condemn it in the strongest possible terms," Awad told
a news conference. "It violates our principles as Americans and as Muslims. Let
me be clear, we have no tolerance for extremism of any kind."

The FBI said the American gunman, 29-year-old Omar Mateen, who died in an
exchange of fire with police, was believed to have made a 911 call pledging
allegiance to IS before the shooting.

Awad referenced such reporting and said he had a word for IS members and
supporters.

"You do not speak for us. You do not represent us. You are an aberration, you
are an outlaw ... they don't speak for our faith. They never belonged to this
beautiful faith." Awad added.

With the 2016 race for the White House in full swing, Awad warned that
perpetrators of attacks such as the one in Orlando "mean only to divide us" and
called for calm on the political front.

"And to those politicians who may try to exploit this tragedy, we ask them to
respect the victims and their families. This is not the time to score points.
This is not the time to exploit fear. This is the time for unity and faith."

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             June 14, 2016 Tuesday

US Muslim leader condemns Orlando attack, slams extremists

SECTION: Vol. 21 No. 166

LENGTH: 255  words


The head of a prominent US Muslim advocacy group has strongly condemned the
nightclub massacre in Florida, calling members of the Islamic State group an
"aberration" amid allegations the gunman was inspired by the militants.

Nihad Awad, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations,
also called for unity and urged politicians not to "exploit" the slaughter in
Orlando, which left 50 dead and dozens more injured.

"This is a hate crime. We condemn it in the strongest possible terms," Awad told
a news conference. "It violates our principles as Americans and as Muslims. Let
me be clear, we have no tolerance for extremism of any kind."

The FBI said the American gunman, 29-year-old Omar Mateen, who died in an
exchange of fire with police, was believed to have made a 911 call pledging
allegiance to IS before the shooting.

Awad referenced such reporting and said he had a word for IS members and
supporters.

"You do not speak for us. You do not represent us. You are an aberration, you
are an outlaw ... they don't speak for our faith. They never belonged to this
beautiful faith." Awad added.

With the 2016 race for the White House in full swing, Awad warned that
perpetrators of attacks such as the one in Orlando "mean only to divide us" and
called for calm on the political front.

"And to those politicians who may try to exploit this tragedy, we ask them to
respect the victims and their families. This is not the time to score points.
This is not the time to exploit fear. This is the time for unity and faith."

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                             June 14, 2016 Tuesday

US Muslim leader condemns Orlando attack, slams extremists

SECTION: Vol. 31 No. 166

LENGTH: 255  words


The head of a prominent US Muslim advocacy group has strongly condemned the
nightclub massacre in Florida, calling members of the Islamic State group an
"aberration" amid allegations the gunman was inspired by the militants.

Nihad Awad, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations,
also called for unity and urged politicians not to "exploit" the slaughter in
Orlando, which left 50 dead and dozens more injured.

"This is a hate crime. We condemn it in the strongest possible terms," Awad told
a news conference. "It violates our principles as Americans and as Muslims. Let
me be clear, we have no tolerance for extremism of any kind."

The FBI said the American gunman, 29-year-old Omar Mateen, who died in an
exchange of fire with police, was believed to have made a 911 call pledging
allegiance to IS before the shooting.

Awad referenced such reporting and said he had a word for IS members and
supporters.

"You do not speak for us. You do not represent us. You are an aberration, you
are an outlaw ... they don't speak for our faith. They never belonged to this
beautiful faith." Awad added.

With the 2016 race for the White House in full swing, Awad warned that
perpetrators of attacks such as the one in Orlando "mean only to divide us" and
called for calm on the political front.

"And to those politicians who may try to exploit this tragedy, we ask them to
respect the victims and their families. This is not the time to score points.
This is not the time to exploit fear. This is the time for unity and faith."

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                             June 14, 2016 Tuesday

US Muslim leader condemns Orlando attack, slams extremists

SECTION: Vol. 08 No. 166

LENGTH: 255  words


The head of a prominent US Muslim advocacy group has strongly condemned the
nightclub massacre in Florida, calling members of the Islamic State group an
"aberration" amid allegations the gunman was inspired by the militants.

Nihad Awad, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations,
also called for unity and urged politicians not to "exploit" the slaughter in
Orlando, which left 50 dead and dozens more injured.

"This is a hate crime. We condemn it in the strongest possible terms," Awad told
a news conference. "It violates our principles as Americans and as Muslims. Let
me be clear, we have no tolerance for extremism of any kind."

The FBI said the American gunman, 29-year-old Omar Mateen, who died in an
exchange of fire with police, was believed to have made a 911 call pledging
allegiance to IS before the shooting.

Awad referenced such reporting and said he had a word for IS members and
supporters.

"You do not speak for us. You do not represent us. You are an aberration, you
are an outlaw ... they don't speak for our faith. They never belonged to this
beautiful faith." Awad added.

With the 2016 race for the White House in full swing, Awad warned that
perpetrators of attacks such as the one in Orlando "mean only to divide us" and
called for calm on the political front.

"And to those politicians who may try to exploit this tragedy, we ask them to
respect the victims and their families. This is not the time to score points.
This is not the time to exploit fear. This is the time for unity and faith."

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 26, 2014 Friday

USPTO Published Patent application of ViaSat, Inc titled as "OPPORTUNISTIC
DELIVERY OF CACHEABLE CONTENT IN A COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK"

LENGTH: 255  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140362761, published on December 25, 2014, by ViaSat, Inc, titled as
"OPPORTUNISTIC DELIVERY OF CACHEABLE CONTENT IN A COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK" for
the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Dankberg; Mark D.; (Encinitas, CA) ; Newman; Daniel M.; (Littleton,
MA)
Assignee: ViaSat, Inc.
Carlsbad
CA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Systems and methods are described for using opportunistically delayed delivery
of content to address sub-optimal bandwidth resource usage in network
infrastructures that allow subscribers to share forward link resources.
According to some embodiments, content is identified as delayable and assigned
to a delaycast queue and/or service flow. For example, a server system of a
satellite communications system identifies content that can be delayed to
exploit future excess link capacity through multicasting and to exploit
subscriber-side storage resources. Some implementations attempt to exploit any
excess link resources at any time, while others exploit unused bandwidth only
during certain times or when a certain threshold of resources is available.
Various embodiments also provide content scoring and/or other prioritization
techniques for optimizing exploitation of the delaycast queue."

The Patent was filed on August 27, 2014 under application No. 20140362761

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of ViaSat, Inc titled as "OPPORTUNISTIC
DELIVERY OF CACHEABLE CONTENT IN A COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK"

LENGTH: 255  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140362761, published on December 11, 2014, by ViaSat, Inc, titled as
"OPPORTUNISTIC DELIVERY OF CACHEABLE CONTENT IN A COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK" for
the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Dankberg; Mark D.; (Encinitas, CA) ; Newman; Daniel M.; (Littleton,
MA)
Assignee: ViaSat, Inc.
Carlsbad
CA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Systems and methods are described for using opportunistically delayed delivery
of content to address sub-optimal bandwidth resource usage in network
infrastructures that allow subscribers to share forward link resources.
According to some embodiments, content is identified as delayable and assigned
to a delaycast queue and/or service flow. For example, a server system of a
satellite communications system identifies content that can be delayed to
exploit future excess link capacity through multicasting and to exploit
subscriber-side storage resources. Some implementations attempt to exploit any
excess link resources at any time, while others exploit unused bandwidth only
during certain times or when a certain threshold of resources is available.
Various embodiments also provide content scoring and/or other prioritization
techniques for optimizing exploitation of the delaycast queue."

The Patent was filed on August 27, 2014 under application No. 20140362761

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 10, 2014 Monday
                                 THIRD EDITION

DEATHS ELSEWHERE OBITUARIES

BYLINE:  From news services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 502 words


William Clay Ford o The last surviving grandchild of automotive pioneer Henry
Ford and owner of the Detroit Lions, died Sunday (March 9, 2014) of pneumonia at
his home in Grosse Pointe, Mich. He was 88.

Mr. Ford spent 57 years of his life - more than half the company's 110-year
history - working for the automaker. Mr. Ford, the youngest of Edsel Ford's four
children, married Martha Firestone, bringing together two great automotive
legacies.

He bought a business of his own, the NFL franchise in the Motor City, in 1963.
Mr. Ford was also a philanthropist and community leader.

William 'Wild Bill' Guarnere o One of the World War II veterans whose exploits
were dramatized in the TV miniseries "Band of Brothers," died Saturday (March 8,
2014) at Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia after suffering a
ruptured aneurysm. He was 90.

The HBO miniseries was based on a book by Stephen Ambrose and followed the
members of Easy Company from training in Georgia in 1942 through the war's end
in 1945. Mr. Guarnere's combat exploits earned him the nickname "Wild Bill," and
he lost a leg while trying to help a wounded solider.

Norman Yonemoto o The Los Angeles artist who with his younger brother, Bruce,
created video installations that explored mass media, Hollywood and other forms
of pop culture, has died at age 67.

Mr. Yonemoto died Feb. 28, 2014, at his home in the Venice neighborhood of Los
Angeles. He had been in ill health since suffering a number of strokes, said
Carole Ann Klonarides, a family representative.

An ironic sense of humor was evident in many of their videos, including "Made in
Hollywood" (1990), which starred Patricia Arquette as a naive young woman trying
to make it in the movie business. Another of their videos is "Green Card"
(1982), which followed a Japanese woman who marries a California surfer to
obtain her green card.

Gerard Mortier o The Belgian opera director whose nonconformist style often
grated on the tradition-bound and who became a fiercely avant-garde impresario,
has died. He was 70.

Prime Minister Elio Di Rupo made the announcement Sunday, and the country's
media said Mr. Mortier died Saturday (March 8, 2014) at his home in Brussels of
pancreatic cancer.

The artist became the director of Belgium's National Operation, known as La
Monnaie, in 1981, steering it away from "bourgeois" entertainment and to
international recognition and acclaim. Mr. Mortier relied on people such as
director Peter Sellars and composer Philip Glass to push the artistic envelope,
sometimes to a breaking point.

Mohammad Qasim Fahim o Afghanistan's influential vice president, a leading
commander in the alliance that fought the Taliban who was later accused with
other warlords of targeting civilian areas during the country's civil war, died
Sunday (March 9, 2014). He was 57.

Mr. Fahim, an ethnic Tajik, was the top deputy of Ahmad Shah Massoud, the
charismatic Northern Alliance commander who was killed in an al-Qaida suicide
bombing two days before the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OBITUARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             May 24, 2008 Saturday

Afghan paper calls on Islamic world to protect Islam from insults

LENGTH: 449 words


Excerpt from editorial, "Muslims should wake up!" by privately-owned Afghan
newspaper Rah-e Nejat on 22 May

Following repeated blasphemy and insults against the Holy book of Islam, another
sacrilege has been committed against Islam. Soon after the production of an
anti-Islam and anti-Koran film by a Dutch MP called "Fitna", and the reprinting
of cartoons insulting the great Prophet of Islam, the enemies of Islam have once
again desecrated the Holy Koran in Iraq.

At a time when the world is still affected by different and serious reactions of
the Islamic world to these sacrilegious acts, the unity of the Islamic world has
once again shaken the Western world, especially the USA, cautioning it against
continuing blasphemy against Islam.

There were also serious and widespread reaction in Afghanistan a few days ago to
the blasphemy against the Koran by the American forces, the most important one
being the condemnation and protest by both chambers of Afghanistan's parliament.

The increasing expansion of Islam, mostly in Western and European society, has
seriously worried the enemies of Islam, and they even fear the establishment of
Islamic governments in those countries.

It seems that the enemies of Islam have been successful, though only a little,
in portraying Islam and its values as violence and horror in the West, and
creating a big challenge to the expansion and thriving of Islam by linking Islam
with terror.

[Passage omitted: criticizes Islamic world for not taking practical actions
against sacrilege against Islam].

Unfortunately, at a time when the West, especially the USA, has turned Islam
into its new enemy to achieve its goals and exploit Islam and the Muslims, the
Muslim governments and people are still indifferent and paving the way for the
USA and the West to exploit Islam.

Afghanistan's government has so far not shown any firm reaction to such
blasphemy against Islam and Islamic values as required, and has only taken a few
symbolic steps. The leaders and officials of the Muslim world should take a
serious and unified decision to prevent the repetition of such shameful acts.

In the current situation, the Islamic world, by becoming vigilant and taking
into consideration the high interests of the Islamic world, should fight the
policy of "linking Islam with terror". The Islamic world should prove the
rightfulness of Islam to the world by giving more explanations. On the other
hand, the Islamic world should prevent the opportunities the West uses to
exploit and defame Islam. To achieve such a goal, there is a need for firm and
serious decisions by leaders of different countries and members of Islamic
society.

Source: Rah-e Nejat, Kabul in Dari 22 May 08

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 18, 2011 Friday

USA: Schuette Warns About Charity Scams in Wake of Disaster in Japan

LENGTH: 524  words

DATELINE: LANSING


LANSING, March 18 -- The State Of Michigan has issued following press release:

Attorney General Bill Schuette today issued a new consumer alert advising
Michigan citizens about how to avoid scams when choosing to support disaster
relief charities. The alert was issued as many consider giving support to
charities assisting with recovery efforts after earthquakes and a devastating
tsunami in Japan.

"Even during tough times, the people of Michigan give generously to charities
that assist disaster victims around the world," said Schuette. "It's important
to take steps to ensure your dollars are not lost to fraud and your financial
information remains secure."

Schuette noted that scam artists will attempt to exploit the generosity of
Michigan citizens in the wake of natural disasters. Criminals may solicit
donations for bogus or even legitimate charities, keeping the funds for
themselves. Scam artists may also exploit donors' sensitive financial
information like credit card and checking account numbers to commit fraud and
identity theft.

The Attorney General consumer alert announced today offers advice on how
Michigan citizens can avoid scams and safely contribute to critical relief and
rebuilding projects, including:

* Be skeptical of unsolicited email requests for donations, even if they appear
to be from a legitimate charity. Email is a common method used by thieves to
steal personal information, whether through a fake online donation form, or a
more sinister computer virus.

* Be skeptical of unsolicited cell phone text messages and social media appeals
through sites like Twitter and Facebook. While some charities now accept
donations via cell phone and social networking sites, unsolicited requests
should be viewed with caution.

* Check up on charities by calling the Attorney General's Charitable Trust
Section. Michigan charities must register with the Attorney General's office,
and many are required to submit financial information which can be made
available to citizens upon request.

* Choose established charitable organizations that have a history of assisting
in disasters. The American Red Cross, United Way of America, Catholic Relief
Services and the Salvation Army are just a few of many charities that either
give immediate relief or assist in rebuilding communities after disaster.

The consumer alert also advises Michigan citizens on how to protect sensitive
financial information and avoid identity theft and fraud. When making a
charitable donation, Schuette recommends the following:

* Make your check payable to the organization, never to an individual;

* Request and keep receipts from the organization detailing the amount of your
donation, the date and its intended use;

* Use caution before giving credit card numbers over the phone or online. If you
are concerned, ask the organization how it will safeguard your financial
information; and

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                            January 26, 2009 Monday

New 'Bonnie and Clyde' has duo circling

BYLINE: Borys Kit

SECTION: HOMEPAGE; NEWS

LENGTH: 250  words


The story of Bonnie and Clyde is getting a retelling, with Hilary Duff and Kevin
Zegers in negotiations to play the infamous 1930s bank robbers.

Tonya S. Holly is directing "The Story of Bonnie and Clyde" and producing the
indie drama with Tom Rogers via her Cypress Moon Studios.

Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow were Depression-era lovers and outlaws whose
exploits captured the public's imagination. Their story has hit the big screen
several times, with 1967's "Bonnie and Clyde," starring Warren Beatty and Faye
Dunaway, considered a classic.

The makers are stressing that the new film is not a remake and are promising to
showcase times in the couple's lives not seen onscreen before. Holly first
became interested in the story of the fugitive lovers after finding old
newspaper articles about their exploits in an abandoned house on her family's
property.

Holly most recently wrote, produced and directed the family film "When I Find
the Ocean," which stars Lee Majors, Diane Ladd and Graham Greene.

"Bonnie" is scheduled to shoot in Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama.

Zegers' credits include "The Stone Angel," "The Jane Austen Book Club" and
"Transamerica." The actor, repped by CAA and Untitled Entertainment, most
recently starred with Ben Kingsley and Jim Sturgess in "Fifty Dead Men Walking."

Duff, whose most recent feature role was "War Inc.," is repped by WMA and Curtis
Talent Management. She just signed to star in the NBC comedy "Barely Legal"
under her development deal with the network.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2009 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            September 2, 2002 Monday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Some Notable Old Soldiers Fight to Avoid Fading Away

BYLINE:   By STEVEN A. HOLMES

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 981 words

DATELINE: OAKLAWN, Ill., Sept. 1


The veterans gathered in hotel meeting rooms this weekend, several ambling in
with the aid of walkers or canes, others walking on legs no longer steady or
sure. They came to talk of death, not their own, but their organization's.

Since 1948, three years after they finished fighting in World War II, the
survivors of the 761st Tank Battalion have met annually to renew friendships;
inquire about children, grandchildren and now great-grandchildren; and swap
tales about their exploits on the battlefield.

The tales of the 761st, the first black tank battalion to fight in the war, are
impressive. The battalion, nicknamed the Black Panthers, endured two years of
training on harshly segregated Army posts in Louisiana and Texas. In Europe, it
became one of the most decorated black units in the war, fighting in the Battle
of the Bulge and breaching the Siegfried Line, while suffering a 50 percent
casualty rate. After the war, the battalion's men fought for recognition,
finally receiving a Presidential Unit Citation in 1978 and successfully lobbying
to have one of their own, Sgt. Ruben Rivers, awarded the Medal of Honor in 1997.

While racism, the Germans and indifference to its exploits could not destroy the
unit, death and infirmity have thinned its ranks. This year the main business at
the annual convention was to decide whether the 2002 gathering would be the
last.

"To set up a meeting, to follow up to stay on top of things, to put together a
program, to get sponsors, it's a lot of work for a person of their age," said
Baron Bates, 68, the son of the battalion's white commander, Col. Paul Bates,
who died in 1995.

At its apex in the 1950's and 1960's, the annual meeting of the 761st's
association would bring together more than 400 veterans, with family members.
This year, 31 attended.

It was hard for many of them to be there. Unlike better known black World War II
combat units like the Tuskegee Airmen, who tended to be college graduates and
middle class, the men of the 761st were largely blue-collar workers, whose
retirement incomes made it hard to afford airfare, three days in a hotel, boat
rides and the traditional dinner dance. Many are simply too old to make it to
the meeting.

"After we've had upwards of 400, it's come down to this," Newton Long, 79, a
retired Chicago firefighter and the association's president, told the men at the
convention. "I want you to know that we appreciate you. We love you. We
persevered together in Europe. We persevered together in America. We'll
persevere in whatever comes next."

Though sadness, and even fear, hung over the meeting, it could not suppress the
tankers' often-rascally humor. A perky hotel representative stuck her head into
the meeting room to say hello and offer assistance. If there is anything you
need, just ask, she told the men. "We need some whiskey," one man shouted. "You
got some whiskey?"

Some said that maybe the gathering could be saved by down-sizing, scrapping the
annual banquet and staying in cheap motels instead of expansive hotels. If that
did not work, some said, not to worry about outrunning time.

"It wouldn't be such a bad idea to call it quits," Rufus Taylor, 89, of Pontiac,
Mich., said. "We've had a good run. Nothing lasts forever."

While many men who fought in World War II have died, veterans' associations
often spring from military units that still exist. They have a steady infusion
of men -- and in some cases now, women -- to carry on the association's name.
But because the 761st was decommissioned after the war, these few veterans are
its last survivors.

Years ago the group changed its name to the 761st Tank Battalion and Allied
Veterans Association and opened its ranks to any veteran who wanted to join. But
the group did little outreach and attracted few veterans from other units.

"In effect, they kind of isolated themselves," said Jerome Long, 73, of
Middletown, Conn., and the brother of the group's president.

There was some talk that even without the annual meeting, the 761st would carry
on through its local chapters. But many members said it would not be the same if
they did not get together annually, and because the convention was really the
only association activity, ending it would effectively mean the group's death.

It would also mean that something would go out of the veterans' lives.

"I look forward each year to seeing you guys, Smitty, McBurney," said Floyd
Dade, 78, of San Francisco, as he stood in front of the group, dabbing his moist
eyes with a blue handkerchief and calling out names of his friends, "even you,
Kroger, back there. Wake up!"

To save its annual convention, the group contemplated merging with another
veterans' association, that of the 758/64th Armored Group. The 758th was another
black tank unit that fought in the war. Unlike the 761st, the 758th was not
decommissioned, and a merger would bring a fresh supply of veterans to help the
761st put together its annual convention or at least help keep down the cost.

"To keep our unit alive, I think we have to merge with all the tankers that we
can find throughout the states," Willie Lee Topps, 79, of Chicago, said.

But the thought of merging evoked fears of being swallowed up and disappearing.
"If we merge we have to work out some stipulations," said Leonard Smith, 79. "We
don't want to lose our identity. They may want to take us over."

"If you're dead, you don't have any identity," Jerome Long replied. "I think
it's best to think about the future."

In the end, the men voted to set up a committee to talk with the other
association, not about a merger, but about joint annual conventions. It was the
best solution they could come up with, everyone agreed. But, they also agreed,
it was little more than staving off the inevitable.

"I think we're going to have a convention next year," Harold B. Gary, 79, of
Charlotte, N.C. said. "But we all know that the time is coming."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 4, 2002



CORRECTION: A front-page article on Monday about the dwindling ranks of veterans
of the 761st Tank Battalion, the first black tank battalion to fight in World
War II, used a misspelled given name in some copies for the member who was
awarded the Medal of Honor in 1997. He is Sgt. Ruben Rivers, not Rubin.

GRAPHIC: Photos: Frank Jackson, 83, above center, of Chicago, was among 31
veterans of the 761st Tank Battalion at this year's reunion. Rufus Taylor, 89,
top, of Pontiac, Mich., said: "We've had a good run. Nothing lasts forever."
(Photographs by Scott Olson for The New York Times)(pg. A11)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              220 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 4, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Cherokee County Man Charged with Extorting Teen Girls for
Pornographic Images

LENGTH: 512  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Destin Whitmore has been arraigned and detained on charges of extortion,
enticement of a minor, and distribution and possession child pornography.
Whitmore was indicted by a federal grand jury on February 19, 2014.

"This defendant preyed on teenage girls and attempted to extort them to create
and send him pornographic images," said United States Attorney Sally Quillian
Yates. "He threatened to post compromising images of the girls on the Internet
and to send them to their friends and family. This is a stark reminder of the
need for parents to talk with their children about Internet safety."

Ricky Maxwell, Acting Special Agent in Charge, FBI Atlanta Field Office, stated,
"This case exemplifies the need to remain vigilant against child predators and
others who would exploit the vulnerabilities of minor children over the
Internet. The FBI remains uniquely positioned to investigate and bring forward
for prosecution those individuals who would exploit and harm our nation's
children, and we ask that anyone with information regarding such activity to
call their nearest FBI field office."

According to United States Attorney Yates, the charges, and other information
presented in court: In April 2012, a teen girl in Arizona reported that she was
contacted using a popular social media website by an individual using a profile
name "Ralph Jenkins." The individual using the Jenkins profile, later identified
as the defendant, Destin Whitmore, sent the teen compromising images of herself
and threatened to send those images to others, including her family members, if
she did not immediately create additional images for him. A subsequent
investigation of that profile, along with a profile using the name "Lenny
Carlington," showed that both profiles were used by the defendant, along with
his own social media accounts, to transmit pornographic images of numerous teen
girls to the girls to extort them for additional images. If they did not comply
with his wishes, he threatened to distribute the pornographic images to others
and post them on various websites for public consumption. Many of the girls
Whitmore extorted were known to him through personal relationships or through
long-term communications using web cameras with the girls online.

The indictment charges Whitmore, 22, of Canton, Georgia, with five counts of
extortion, one count of enticing a minor to engage in sexual activity, three
counts of distribution of child pornography, and five counts of possession of
child pornography.

Members of the public are reminded that the indictment only contains charges.
The defendant is presumed innocent of the charges, and it will be the
government's burden to prove the defendant's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt at
trial.

This case is being investigated by the Cobb County Police Department and the
Federal Bureau of Investigation.

Assistant United States Attorney Jill E. Steinberg is prosecuting the case.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           November 23, 2007, Friday

Records go 'on our team',;
Slaton, White aren't concerned with individual achievements, only wins

BYLINE: MIKE CASAZZA, DAILY MAIL SPORTSWRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P3B

LENGTH: 664 words


MORGANTOWN - His heart, it seemed, barely fluttered when Steve Slaton broke
career records for total touchdowns and rushing touchdowns earlier this year.

And even if Slaton were excited, it was so hard to tell that no one bothered to
ask the running back how he felt this past week after becoming West Virginia's
all-time leading scorer.

Slaton holds or shares 10 school records - does that count as another record? -
and couldn't appear to be less impressed by his own exploits and more
appreciative of who has helped him reach the top in so many categories.

"I think that stuff goes on our team," he said. "The offensive line and the
receivers and all the blocking are what makes it work. I wouldn't be there
without all of that."

Slaton lives with Patrick White and, perhaps, the humility is in whatever they
eat in their home because White is also nonchalant when it comes to discussing
his exploits.

Already the most prolific running quarterback WVU and the Big East ever has
seen, White will take it a step further if he plays through next season.

He'll break the NCAA record for career quarterback rushing yardage, have a few
games left to celebrate the occasion and, perhaps, then break the record for
touchdowns.

Last week against Cincinnati, he rushed for 155 yards, moving past former Texas
star Vince Young, and settled into 11th place on the all-time list with 3,129
yards.

"Oh, yeah?" White said, unaware and unimpressed, making it meaningless to
mention he's just 1,170 yards away from Missouri star Brad Smith's record of
4,289.

There is another dimension, though, and with 140 passing yards against the
Bearcats, he became just the seventh quarterback ever to pass and rush for at
least 3,000 yards in his career.

These accomplishments are to be savored later.

"I just live," White said. "I've been playing football for 16 years, 15 years,
whatever, and I just enjoy going out there, running around and having fun."

Well, shouldn't the fun include knowing how well you play and the elite company
you're among?

"That's in the wins and losses column," White said. "That determines how well
you're doing compared to anyone else."

It's not just Slaton and White who maintain the simple focus on the present,
which is one of the reasons WVU is playing Connecticut at 3:30 p.m. Saturday at
Mountaineer Field for the Big East title and a possible place in the Bowl
Championship Series.

But it can't be easy to ignore the achievements and embrace them later.

Yet, this is who they are.

"I don't think it's hard because I think the better you play, the better chance
you have to win and that's what matters," Slaton said. "The stats that come
along are nice, but it helps our team win. That's the best way to look at it."

And so it is that Slaton and White and the rest of the Mountaineers are on the
brink of something the key players are happy to acknowledge. Slaton has 988
yards rushing this season and White has 958. Sometime Saturday, both probably
will surpass 1,000 yards for the season.

It'll be the second-straight season White and Slaton have passed 1,000 yards.
Only two other teammates in NCAA history have back-to-back 1,000-yard seasons.

"Just to be a part of anything successful with a great friend, a great teammate
and somebody you can call a brother, to accomplish anything in a positive sense
is good for us," White said.

Here, though, is the catch and it is what sets these two apart. Marion Barber
III and Laurence Maroney were both running backs at Minnesota in 2003-04 and
Darren McFadden and Felix Jones have been running backs at Arkansas the past two
seasons.

Slaton and White are about to become the first quarterback-running back tandem
to post consecutive 1,000-yard seasons.

"I think that makes it a little different," Slaton said. "Not many quarterbacks
can rush for 1,000 yards or have the ability to. Pat's one of the lucky ones. He
has the ability and he's doing it in an offense we can shine in."

Contact sportswriter Mike Casazza at mikec@dailymail.com or 319-1142.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              222 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Register Guard (Eugene, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 7, 2011 Tuesday

Hackers working to exploit Webmail accounts

BYLINE: Ilene Aleshire, The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


June 07--Hackers have targeted three popular Webmail platforms in recent days,
said Trend Micro, an Internet security company.

"Google recently revealed details surrounding a successful phishing campaign
that targeted the Gmail accounts of government officials and of political
activists," Trend Micro said in an alert on its website. But "Google's services
haven't been the only ones targeted," Trend Micro said. Hotmail and Yahoo! Mail
also have been affected.

While these appear to be separate attacks, there are significant similarities,
according to Trend Micro, which was founded in the United States but now has its
headquarters in Tokyo.

Google said that the hackers used a phishing attack to get access to a user's
Gmail account and then added their own e-mail addresses to the "forwarding and
delegation settings," which allowed the hackers to send and receive e-mails via
the account.

The hackers also collected information on antivirus software victims had on
their computers, making it easier to stage future attacks, taking control of the
victim's computer, not just the e-mail account, Trend Micro said.

In addition, Trend Micro said, hackers targeted journalists and political
activists, modifying their delegation settings "so (the hackers) can continue to
monitor the compromised Gmail accounts."

The Internet security firm said its researchers discovered a phishing attack
that exploited a vulnerability in Microsoft's Hotmail service in which "even the
simple act of previewing the malicious e-mail message can compromise a user's
account. That phishing e-mail pretended to be from the Facebook security team."

And the security firm recently alerted Yahoo! "of an attempt to exploit Yahoo!
Mail by stealing users' cookies in order to gain access to their e-mail
accounts. While the try appeared to fail, it does signify that attackers are
attempting to attack Yahoo! Mail users as well."

"These attacks can be difficult to defend against because these often appear to
come from recognizable sources," Trend Micro said. "However, there are some
clues that can help identify phishing e-mail messages.

"There are generally spelling and grammatical errors present in the messages
that help indicate that it did not originate from the expected source. ...In
addition, while the malicious links may contain keywords like "google,"
"hotmail," or "yahoo," these will actually be links to third-party websites that
can be easily spotted."

To see more of the Register-Guard or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.registerguard.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Register-Guard, Eugene,
Ore. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110607-EU-Hackers-working-to-exploit-Webmail-accounts-0607-20110607

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EU


                       Copyright 2011 The Register Guard


                              223 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 2, 2007 Tuesday

PLAY BY PLAY; MANGINI: JETS NEED BIG EFFORT EVERY DOWN

BYLINE: MARK CANNIZZARO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 60

LENGTH: 623 words


Eric Mangini gathered his players together yesterday in the aftermath of the
Jets' indefensible loss to the Bills and showed them edited film of several
mistakes that led to a 17-14 loss and cost them a victory that would have gotten
them to 2-2.

What he should have done was show film of the Giants' resounding Sunday night
win over the Eagles, because the Giants did to the Eagles what the Jets failed
to against the Bills: They attacked an injury-depleted team where it was hurt
and exploited it en route to a 16-3 victory.

For a litany of reasons (everyone deserves blame on this one, from the coaching
staff on down through the active roster) the Jets didn't similarly attack and
exploit the injury-riddled Bills.

The Giants, knowing Eagles running back Brian Westbrook was sidelined with an
injury and Philadelphia could not hurt them on the ground, went after
quarterback Donovan McNabb with a vengeance. The end result was an
NFL-record-tying 12 sacks, six from Osi Umenyiora, who has three more sacks this
season than the Jets have as a team.

Why didn't the Jets exploit a Bills defense that began the game without four
starters and lost two more defensive backs during the game? Why couldn't the
Jets defense do anything to confuse, rattle, pressure or distract Buffalo's
rookie quarterback, Trent Edwards, making his first NFL start for starter J.P.
Losman?

There was much that didn't make sense about the Jets' loss in Buffalo, one that
dropped them to 1-3 as they prepare to face the rejuvenated Giants this Sunday.

One clear message that came from Mangini, though, was this: It's time to move
on, forget what has happened in this underachieving first quarter of the season
and focus on the next task.

Mangini's message came in the form of a recent conversation he had with Marty
Schottenheimer, who was visiting New York last week for the Miami game.

"In talking to the team (yesterday) morning, I shared a story (about) a
conversation that I had with Marty Schottenheimer last week," Mangini said. "I
was asking him how he had gotten the 200 (career) wins, why he was so consistent
year in and year out and so productive.

"He started explaining about when he was a player. He said that he didn't get in
(the games) very much, (but) he got in one game against (Joe) Namath, and Namath
was a friend of his, and the first play . . . he got the blitz . . . and had a
clear shot at Namath. He felt like he should win that situation because of
Namath's knees and his mobility and all that stuff, and he whiffed. On the next
drive they ran right at (Schottenheimer) and he got pushed back, and the next
drive he got beat in coverage.

"He said, 'Eric, what I realized at the end of that drive when I single-handedly
gave up the touchdown was that . . . I hadn't let go of the fact that I missed
him on the first play.' And he said, 'I applied that lesson to all of my teams.
I told them the play that you're playing is the most important play and that you
can't get caught up in what happened before, because every single game is going
to come down to a handful of plays.'

"The difference between a winning team and a losing team is very small and you
don't know which one of those plays is going to be in that handful of plays, and
(Schottenheimer) wanted all his teams at all times to approach each play the
same way.

"That's what I showed this morning - a handful of plays that, if we had played
them a little bit better and executed a little bit better, the outcome could
have been different. It wasn't a function of assigning blame . . . or saying
that these were the only plays that were important, it was just a function of
showing how at any point, slight execution can dramatically affect the outcome
of the game."

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PICKED OFF: Jets quarterback Chad Pennington trudges off the field
after throwing an interception during Sunday's 17-14 loss to the Bills. (AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Scotland On Sunday

                           October 30, 2013 Wednesday

New energy

LENGTH: 274  words


Lost in the midst of the near-catastrophe of the Grangemouth dispute are the
facts about energy in Scotland. I recently met a couple from West Virginia who
stand to gain up to £300,000 per annum over the next five years  by allowing
fracking on their land. It is easy to see how low-income households all over the
USA see the benefits of this new energy resource giving them prosperity and
energy self-sufficiency for the immediate future, despite recent protests.

In Scotland, home of the shale oil industry from the time of Paraffin Young,
there seems to be a reluctance to exploit our natural resources in the same way.
Rather than processing ethane from our own fracking at Grangemouth, it will be
brought in from the US to ensure the plant's future. Why do we not exploit our
own resources?

Drilling is about to start in north-west England to exploit  geothermal energy,
which is about three kilometres beneath our feet and about as clean a form of
energy as you can get. We have all the technological resources here to exploit
it, along with the knowledge of drilling from the oil industry and yet the SNP
can only think about covering our landscape with wind turbines.

More voices are raised against the march of foreign-built wind turbines.
Government ministers are expressing reservations about them and are looking at
exploiting other energy sources.

In light of the reliance of Scotland's energy industry on Grangemouth, surely it
is time  we had people running things north of the Border with some of the
vision which the government is showing and of which the Holyrood administration
displays none.

Andrew HN Gray

Craiglea Drive

Edinburgh

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWTS thescotsman


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           October 30, 2013 Wednesday

New energy

LENGTH: 274  words


Lost in the midst of the near-catastrophe of the Grangemouth dispute are the
facts about energy in Scotland. I recently met a couple from West Virginia who
stand to gain up to £300,000 per annum over the next five years  by allowing
fracking on their land. It is easy to see how low-income households all over the
USA see the benefits of this new energy resource giving them prosperity and
energy self-sufficiency for the immediate future, despite recent protests.

In Scotland, home of the shale oil industry from the time of Paraffin Young,
there seems to be a reluctance to exploit our natural resources in the same way.
Rather than processing ethane from our own fracking at Grangemouth, it will be
brought in from the US to ensure the plant's future. Why do we not exploit our
own resources?

Drilling is about to start in north-west England to exploit  geothermal energy,
which is about three kilometres beneath our feet and about as clean a form of
energy as you can get. We have all the technological resources here to exploit
it, along with the knowledge of drilling from the oil industry and yet the SNP
can only think about covering our landscape with wind turbines.

More voices are raised against the march of foreign-built wind turbines.
Government ministers are expressing reservations about them and are looking at
exploiting other energy sources.

In light of the reliance of Scotland's energy industry on Grangemouth, surely it
is time  we had people running things north of the Border with some of the
vision which the government is showing and of which the Holyrood administration
displays none.

Andrew HN Gray

Craiglea Drive

Edinburgh

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            October 16, 2011 Sunday

SCOTT TO BRAZIL TO TALK TRADE

BYLINE: LLOYD DUNKELBERGER H-T Capitol Bureau

SECTION: B; ARCHIVES; Pg. BN01

LENGTH: 947 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


PROJECTIONS: State agency sees 11,685 jobs from deal, but questions arise

TALLAHASSEE

Next weekend Gov. Rick Scott begins a five-day trade mission to Brazil that is
part of an overall strategy to expand Florida's role in the global market.

The trip comes just after Congress ratified new trade treaties with Colombia,
Panama and South Korea that could also aid Florida. And it comes as Florida
continues to expand its deepwater seaports in anticipation of the widening of
the Panama Canal in 2014.

All these elements may play a role in helping generate new jobs in a state with
a 10.7 percent unemployment rate and more than 900,000 jobless workers.

Enterprise Florida, the state's economic development agency, says the new trade
agreements could yield 11,685 jobs in the state over the next year once they
take effect.

And with its geographic proximity and large Hispanic population, Florida would
appear to be strongly positioned to take advantage of expanding markets in Latin
America.

But many challenges remain.

Labor groups question the trade treaties and job projections.

Florida has a relatively small manufacturing base -- it spends less per-capita
on manufacturing than any of the other southern states -- and that may limit its
ability to exploit the new trade opportunities.

Continuing budget shortfallsmay hamper the state's ability to fund
transportation projects linked to the port expansion or to offer financial
incentives to manufacturers.

And Florida will face stiff competition from other states also looking to
attract the increased Panama Canal trade as well as exploit the new Latin
American markets.

Nonetheless, Scott, who has made job creation the centerpiece of his
administration, said the trade agreements with Panama and Columbia will benefit
the state's economy "for years to come."

"By eliminating the need to pay tariffs in order to export Florida goods and
products to those expanding economies, Florida companies will now be able to
invest their money in creating jobs," he said after Congress approved the
agreements.

He also said the agreements underscored the need to continue the state's port
expansion. As one of his first acts as governor, Scott earlier this year pushed
for an additional $77 million to deepen the port of Miami so it could
accommodate the bigger ships that will be coming through the Panama Canal
beginning in 2014.

Port Manatee already has work under way to provide berths for the larger ships.

And ports in Jacksonville and Broward County are considering deepening their
facilities.

In a speech to a business group in Tallahassee this week, Scott said there is no
reason why Florida could not become the "shipping capital" of the eastern
seaboard.

But he also acknowledged that Florida faces competition from nearby ports,
including Savannah, Georgia.

And with the announcement the state has a new budget shortfall in the range of
$2 billion, Scott said "we don't have a lot of tax dollars" to finance major
rail or road projects that may be related to the port expansion.

But he said the state could find alternative solutions, including toll roads.

Many labor groups have assailed the trade agreements, saying they will result in
more American jobs being shipped overseas, and have questioned Colombia's
history of violence against union organizers.

"This is a human rights violation of epic proportions in our own backyard and we
reward it by giving them a trade deal," said Rich Templin, a spokesman for the
Florida AFL-CIO.

Templin also cast doubt on the projections that the trade agreements could
generate more than 10,000 jobs in the state. "Where are those jobs?" he asked.

Although President Barack Obama supported the agreements, the vote split the
Florida congressional delegation.

"The Colombia deal will increase the availability of cheap labor with
historically poor worker protections," said U.S. Rep. Ted Deutch, D-Boca Raton.

U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Miami, backed the agreements saying they will boost
Florida's economy.

"They will create thousands of jobs in Florida," Rubio said. "These are good
free trade agreements that are also fair to the American worker."

A major roadblock that may prevent Florida from realizing all the benefits of an
expanding Latin American market is the state's historically small manufacturing
base.

That is critical because 85 to 90 percent of Florida's exports come from its
manufacturers.

Although Florida is the nation's fourth largest state, it ranks only 15th in
manufacturing. Florida manufacturers employ some 306,000 workers, making up 4.2
percent of the state's work force.

Those manufacturing workers earn on average $51,847 per year -- compared to the
state average of $41,570.

But Florida clearly lags behind many other states when it comes to its
manufacturing spending.

An August report from Florida TaxWatch, a nonprofit business-oriented research
group, showed Florida was dead last among the Southern states in per-capita
spending by manufacturers. In 2008, Florida manufacturers spent an average $176
per capita, while the regional average was about $700.

In another comparison, Florida manufacturers spent $3.25 billion on capital
goods in 2008, while Texas manufacturers spent $17.2 billion.

Among the barriers to manufacturing, the TaxWatch report pointed to the state's
tax policy, including tax incentives for new or expanding businesses.

As part of his 2012 legislative agenda, Scott agreed that the tax policy for
manufacturers needs to be overhauled, looking to eliminate "double taxation" and
the taxation of materials for the manufacturers.

Scott also said incentives need to be provided not just to new companies but
also to encourage the expansion of existing Florida companies.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gov. Rick Scott is scheduled to begin a trade mission to Brazil next
weekend.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 12, 2016 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Federal Report Faults Agencies on Visas

BYLINE: By RON NIXON

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 584 words


WASHINGTON --  Human traffickers used fiancé and work visas to bring dozens of
victims to the United States, exploiting a lack of data sharing between
immigration offices within the Department of Homeland Security, according to the
agency's internal watchdog.

In a report released on Monday, investigators found that from 2005 to 2014, 17
of the 32 known traffickers they examined used the visas to bring in victims who
were exploited for either forced labor or prostitution. In addition, the report
found that 274 suspected traffickers successfully petitioned federal officials
to bring 425 family members or fiancés into the United States.

The report, by the Department of Homeland Security's Office of the Inspector
General, comes as Congress is beginning to examine the visa program after the
mass shootings in San Bernardino, Calif., that left 14 people dead and 22
wounded.

Tashfeen Malik, one of the attackers, was granted entry to the United States
under a K-1 visa, also known as a fiancé visa. Her husband, Syed Rizwan Farook,
was an American-born citizen. Both died in a shootout with the police.

The attack has added to fear that terrorist groups like the Islamic State could
exploit gaps in the visa system.

Homeland Security auditors say human traffickers were able to exploit the work
and fiancé visa system because the two agencies responsible for immigration
enforcement, Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Citizenship and Immigration
Services, did not always share data that was collected on human traffickers.

Auditors found that Citizenship and Immigration Services did not always collect
the names and other information that the victims of human trafficking provided
in their visa applications. In one case, auditors found that children who had
been sold and brought to the United States and forced into involuntary servitude
had identified the human trafficker by name, as well as other victims, to
immigration officials, but the information was not entered into agency
databases.

In addition, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement office had problems with
the quality of the data it maintained on people investigated, arrested or
prosecuted for immigration law violations, the report found.

The report said that after more than a year, the agency was unable to provide
auditors with a complete set of data containing basic information such as names
and dates of birth for suspected traffickers. And each time the agency provided
the data, the results varied widely, auditors said.

''Without concerted D.H.S. efforts to collect and share information, the risk
exists that some human traffickers may remain unidentified and free to abuse
other individuals,'' the report said.

Homeland Security auditors also found that some victims of human trafficking had
overstayed their visitor visas.

Visa overstays also have become a major focus of Congress. Nearly 20 years ago,
Congress passed a law requiring the federal government to develop a system to
track people who overstayed their visas.

Since then, the federal government has spent millions of dollars on the effort,
yet officials can only roughly estimate the number of people in the country
illegally after overstaying visas because the United States does not routinely
collect biometric information -- fingerprints, iris scans and photographs that
can be used for facial recognition -- of people leaving the country. Nearly
three dozen countries, including many in Europe, Asia and Africa, collect such
information.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/12/us/politics/human-traffickers-found-to-
exploit-us-visas-and-data-sharing-failures.html

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              228 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Gold Coast Bulletin (Australia)

                            August 3, 2013 Saturday
                                B - Main Edition

Mark Wahlberg on prison, fatherhood and respect "I have friends who are in jail
for the rest of their lives

BYLINE: DONNA WALKER-MITCHELL

SECTION: Pg. 35

LENGTH: 544  words


MARK Wahlberg was in familiar territory playing the charismatic, death row-bound
con artist, kidnapper and murderer Daniel Lugo in the new comedy crime drama
Pain & Gain.

``Have I known people like Danny Lugo?'' the 42-year-old actor, wearing a
baseball cap, jeans and a white T-shirt, asks from a couch in a Miami hotel
suite while discussing his days as a hood growing up in a tough area of Boston.

Wahlberg smiles and nods.

``I knew a lot of crazy people back then and I still know a lot of crazy
people,'' he says.

``I have friends who are in jail for the rest of their lives.

``I have known a lot of unsavoury characters.''

Pain & Gain is based on the real-life exploits of the fast-talking Lugo, a
personal trainer who managed Miami's Sun Gym but craved the good life.

Lugo, played by Wahlberg, wanted everything his high-flying clients had - the
girls, luxury cars, mansions and money - but didn't want to waste time working
hard to get them.

With the help of fellow Sun Gym trainer Adrian ``Noel'' Doorbal and ex-con Paul
Doyle, Lugo formed a gang that kidnapped, murdered, brutalised and extorted
victims in order to get their piece of what they perceived as the American
dream.

The gang's exploits were detailed in a series of compelling 1999 articles in the
Miami New Times by journalist Pete Collins, which Hollywood director Michael Bay
used as the source for Pain & Gain.

Lugo and Doorbal were sentenced to death in 1998 after being convicted of
murder, kidnapping, racketeering and other charges.

They remain on death row in Florida.

``For whatever reason, they were convinced that you can just take it as opposed
to going out there and earning it and doing it the hard way with blood, sweat
and tears, which is the only way to do it,'' Wahlberg says.

Today Wahlberg is one of Hollywood's highest paid actors and a successful
producer, but he achieved that against the odds.

At 13 he was addicted to cocaine and aged 17 he was sentenced to two years' jail
for assaulting a man, leaving the victim permanently blind in one eye.

While sitting in his cell, Wahlberg knew he wanted his life to change for the
better.

``When I went to jail, that was a wake-up call for me, certainly,'' he says.

Based in Los Angeles, Wahlberg married model Rhea Durham in 2009 at the Good
Shepherd Catholic Church in Beverly Hills, California.

The couple has four children, two boys and two girls, ranging in ages three to
nine.

Prior to reading the script for Pain & Gain, the actor hadn't heard about the
crimes committed by Lugo and his recruits and during filming, Wahlberg - despite
his own tough guy past - found himself amazed at the bizarre world he was
portraying.

``You're seeing a true story from the point of view of the criminals,'' he said.

``They weren't the brightest guys in the world.

``They did bad things and they paid for those mistakes.''

Wahlberg, who has starred in films such as Boogie Nights, The Departed and The
Fighter, says turning 40 was a big milestone.

``Once I turned 40, I stopped giving a shit,'' he laughed.

``I'm embracing getting older.

``The things that were important

to me in the past aren't as important any more.

``I care more about the important things in life, like being a hard worker and a
father.''

Pain & Gain releases in Australian cinemas on August 8.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GCB


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            October 25, 1999 Monday
                                  City Edition

Nu finds perspective in Texas

BYLINE: STEVE SIPPLE, column, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: D; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 599 words


Nothing like a friendly visit to Austin, Texas, to lend some perspective on
Nebraska football.

A word of wisdom as you contemplate this Texas-sized inferiority complex that's
rapidly developing in these parts in the wake of a third straight crushing loss
to the Longhorns: Things are never quite as bad as they seem, nor are they ever
quite as good.

Nebraska No. 8 in the nation? Actually that's about right. Go ahead and cling to
those national title hopes. But you'll drive yourself crazy trying to figure out
a scenario in which the Huskers could possibly end up in New Orleans playing for
all the marbles.

Anyway, there's more pressing matters.

The Nebraska defense the best in school history? Major Applewhite took care of
that notion with a second-half flurry of well-placed and well-timed blows to the
heart of a defensive backfield that wears T-shirts proclaiming "Secondary to
none." There's now a Major stain the color of burnt orange on those T-shirts.

Julius Jackson, a Heisman candidate? Julius Jackson, an All-American? Julius
Jackson managed two tackles Saturday, and if you can remember both of them,
please put down this newspaper right now, take off your Tommie Frazier jersey
and turn on National Public Radio or something. Jackson is a nice player, not an
All-American.

Mike Brown, one of the top five players in Nebraska football history (as was
suggested by a perspective-starved local radio talk-show host last week)?
Consider that Texas began extending its passing game downfield in the second
half partly because the Longhorns felt they could exploit Brown. Yes, exploit
Mike Brown.

Frank Solich has turned the corner as head coach? It began to look that way as
Nebraska ripped off six straight triumphs, the last three in dominating fashion.
Then the familiar bugaboos returned deep in the heart of Texas.

There were two questionable fourth-down gambles. Solich went with short-side
option plays both times on a day when the option was mostly ineffective. There
were untimely penalties and turnovers. And you know Frankie's going to get
grilled this week on the time-management issue.

Rightfully so. Nebraska was out of timeouts with 13 minutes left in the game,
depleting its allotment because it couldn't get plays in from the sideline in
due time. Inexcusable.

These sort of problems show up in big games, not against Iowa State with a
three-touchdown lead in the comforts of a home field.

Funny how a single loss brings back a flood of nagging questions.

If you're a Nebraska fan, and your pain still lingers this morning, take comfort
in the knowledge that this is a Husker team loaded with big-play talent, a squad
capable of beating any team in the nation. Take comfort in the fact you're not a
Texas A&M fan. And that NU gets a breather Saturday at Kansas. And that Dan
Alexander found a cure for tackling himself. And that your defense is still a
force and will now be an angry force at that. And that Eric Crouch is only a
sophomore. And that help is on the way in the offensive line. And that Bobby
Newcombe is bound to bust loose any Saturday now . . .

See, things aren't so bad.

Remember, you never have to look far to find someone with problems worse than
your own.

I said -- OK, I wrote -- that I'd streak naked down Cornhusker Highway if Texas
scored 21 points or more. Imagine the pain in the pit of my stomach as the final
seconds ticked away in Nebraska's 24-20 loss.

Please, this is Nebraska, land of the kindhearted and forgiving. Give me
double-or-nothing and I'll take the Huskers to capture the Big 12 North
Division.

Please. You don't want to see me naked . . .

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Clovis News Journal (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 29, 2014 Saturday

Angelo exploits Hound miscues for win

BYLINE: Clovis News Journal, N.M.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 361 words


March 29--SAN ANGELO, Texas -- Eastern New Mexico University's baseball team
continues to struggle trying to close out close games in Lone Star Conference
play.

Junior first baseman Blake Cooper belted his second home run of the game, a
two-out, two-run shot in the top of the ninth, but the Rams responded for three
runs in the bottom half -- helped by two ENMU errors -- to pull out a 9-8 win in
the opener of a four-game series.

ENMU (15-14, 5-12 LSC) has lost five games in the league by two runs or less,
and also let an 11-3, seventh-inning lead get away in a 19-11 loss at Cameron
last Sunday.

Freshman Keigan Basso (3-3) relieved starter Ben Monticello to begin the ninth
and struck out Reggie Rodriguez to start the frame. Leadoff man Tyler Coughenour
beat out an infield hit before a throwing error by Cooper put runners at the
corners.

Christian Summers hit an RBI single to right, then he and David Goggin stole
second and third. A sacrifice fly by designated hitter Derek Tyner tied it, and
the Rams (18-12, 8-9) won it when third baseman Sam Hedrick booted a slow roller
by Blake Bass to allow Summers to score.

Cooper had a monster game for the Hounds, going 4-for-4 with five RBIs. He also
belted a pair of doubles, and gave the Greyhounds a 4-2 lead with a first-pitch
homer off ASU's Jake Feckley leading off the sixth.

Monticello labored a bit through eight innings, but was poised for his fifth win
of the season following Cooper's seventh home run of the campaign.

Graylon Brown (3-2), the fifth ASU pitcher, managed to get the final out in the
top of the ninth and was awarded the win.

Both teams had 13 hits. Leadoff man Matthew Burks went 3-for-5 for the Hounds
with two doubles and three runs scored, while Hedrick and second baseman Colton
Sims were both 2-for-4.

Catcher Cameron Massengill was 3-for-4 and Summers went 3-for-5 with three RBIs
for ASU.

The teams play a pair of seven-inning games starting at 3 p.m. (MDT) today, then
close the series with a nine-inning tilt at 1 p.m. on Sunday.

___ (c)2014 the Clovis News Journal (Clovis, N.M.) Visit the Clovis News Journal
(Clovis, N.M.) at www.cnjonline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140329-CJ-Angelo-exploits-Hound-miscues-for-win-0329-20140329

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJ


                       Copyright 2014 Clovis News Journal


                              231 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                 July 23, 2001

New Worm Called Code Red Exploits Windows NT Flaw

BYLINE: Sumner Lemon, IDG News Service

SECTION: NEWS - HIGH; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 275 words

A malicious worm named Code Red that exploits a buffer overflow vulnerability in
certain configurations of Microsoft Corp.'s Windows NT and Windows 2000
operating systems has spread rapidly over the Internet, according to the CERT
Coordination Center at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh. As of late last
week, as many as 225,000 computers had been affected, CERT said.

Code Red exploits a buffer overflow in the Microsoft Internet Information Server
(IIS) Indexing Service Dynamic Link Library (DLL), CERT said. The vulnerability
is present in most versions of IIS 4.0 and IIS 5.0 and allows an attacker to
gain complete control of a targeted system. The vulnerability was announced in
June.

Code Red defaces all of the Web pages served by the affected host with the
message, "HELLO! Welcome to www. worm.com! Hacked By Chinese!"

In addition to Web defacement, the worm causes a degradation in overall system
performance as it scans other hosts in an attempt to propagate itself, according
to CERT.

Code Red can also initiate severe denial-of-service attacks as it scans
noncompromised systems and networks for the Indexing Service DLL vulnerability,
CERT said.

The White House Web site has been the target of a denial-of-service attack
initiated by the Code Red worm, according to the National Infrastructure
Protection Center (NIPC), which is run by the FBI.

The NIPC called the Indexing Service DLL vulnerability a "serious threat" and
said it expects to see other attacks exploit the security flaw.

Microsoft has developed a security patch to address the vulnerability.

Lemon writes for the IDG News Service in Taipei.


LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Computerworld, Inc.


                              232 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  August 27, 1989, SUNDAY, THREE STAR Edition

HEADING WEST TO FAMILY DEVASTATION FAR FROM HOME: FAMILIES OF THE WESTWARD;
JOURNEY BY LILLIAN SCHLISSEL, BYRD GIBBONS AND ELIZABETH HAMPSTEN 264 PAGES,
SCHOCKEN, $19.95

BYLINE: Reviewed by Lynn Z. Bloom

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 1387 words


'AS AMERICANS tumbled across the continent, in makeshift wagons, jalopies, vans,
pick-up trucks . . . each heart held to the belief that there was a new chance
to erect a city on the hill, to strike it rich, to leave a better future to the
children. But with each move, some image of childhood and the fabric of
affection is torn loose, some part of our selves is left behind.'' American
history has become more human and less glamorous. We used to study our nation's
heritage through the monumental - the exploits and official papers of Great
White Men, th e presidents and politicians, captains of industry, generals and
notable clergy. But today the publication of letters, diaries and oral histories
of ordinary people has provided a greater understanding of those who settled
this unknown and often unmanageable land.  Among them were pioneers,
prospectors, immigrants, farmers, farm wives and their numerous children, all
overworked and underfed.  ''Far From Home'' tells the sad, compelling stories of
three frontier families, the Maliks (interpreted by Lillian Schlissel), the
Browns (interpreted by Byrd Gibbens) and the Nehers and the Martins (interpreted
by Elizabeth Hampsten). These historians have embedded collections of family
letters and memoirs, mostly by women, in a biographical and historical narrative
to provide a grim and gritty interpretation of America's westward movement.
These families sacrificed everything to fulfill the American Dream - their
health, strength, capital, material goods, even their children and their own
lives. Rootless and restless, they left an unstable and disturbing heritage that
contradicts the slick propaganda of the real estate agents hustling to sell
unknown territory who promoted the popular image of serene, sunbonneted women
smiling on their rosy children. In 1848 George and Abigail Malick and six
children began the 2,000 mile trek that took them from Illinois to a
homesteading claim on the Columbia River in the Oregon Territory. The next 17
years alternated between periods of poverty and prosperity, which provided a
veneer for the death and disintegration of a once wholesome and stable family.
One teen-ager drowned on the route west, swept away by a surprisingly swift
current in the Platte River. Another ''drowned'' in the Gold Rush. Six years
after their arrival, George died of a stroke. Abigail lamented: ''The children .
. . Are Not Like Children Raised in the States . . . they have no Father And
they Will Not Mind Me.'' The daughter who married well died in childbirth.
Another daughter, pregnant by the dashing captain of the regiment, married him
only to have him gamble away her dowry within a year. She went insane, tried to
murder her baby, but eventually recovered. Her younger sister left home to
become an actress (the actors ''Are All very Nice People,'' wrote Abigail
defensively).  The sister married, divorced, remarried - before she was 20. As
soon as Abigail died, the ne'er do well son quickly dismantled her shrunken
estate, and with it the tenuous family ties.  Instability likewise dominated the
family of Charles and Maggie Brown in the 1880s and 1890s. Charles, trained as a
physician, overthrew his patrician Virginia heritage in the hope of overcoming
post-Civil War genteel poverty by heading west. ''Searching through Colorado and
New Mexico for the strike that would make them rich,'' the Browns moved 24 times
in 27 years - 16,000 miles.  ''They moved until moving became a way of life.
Looking for a new home, they were homeless; dreaming of wealth, they were
penniless.'' ''I would give 5 years of my life if I had never seen this state,''
wrote Maggie, while Charles replied with his incorrigible optimism, ''You must
not get so discouraged. Things will work out all right yet.'' But six of their
beloved children died, and Maggie aged prematurely, dried out by the sun, the
blowing grit of the desert and the 110-degree New Mexico temperature.  Although
the Browns finally returned to Virginia, they had become alienated from their
families there, just as they had become erased, too, from the series of ghost
towns where they had been only passing through.  Yet the Maliks and the Browns
derived considerable solace from their children, frail hostages to their
parents' fortune-hunting. The Nehers and Martins, Baptists who had emigrated
from Germany to Russia before emigrating again to North Dakota in 1909, treated
their children - and their wives, sisters whose marriages were arranged - as
beasts of burden.  The 12 members of the two families spent their first harsh
winter in an airless, windowless boxcar on the plains. The immigrants had no
money, tools, knowledge of how to farm or of English, and were forced to depend
on the largesse of the established farm families. The men kept their wives
pregnant, busy plowing and constantly malnourished; in desperation, Martin sold
his two children temporarily into virtual slavery for two pairs of shoes.
Hardship, in this case, did not build character or cement family closeness; it
simply wore people out.  ''Far From Home'' is superbly edited. Each collection
of letters or personal narratives is embedded in its appropriate contexts -
cultural, historical, geographical. The saga of displacement goes on. In our
past is our future, for better and worse.  Lynn Z. Bloom, a former resident of
St. Louis, has also lived in Michigan, North Dakota, New Hampshire, Ohio,
Indiana, New Mexico and Virginia. She currently teaches English at the
University of Connecticut.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO from The Kansas State Historical Society, Topeka...A
pioneer woman gathers buffalo chips for fuel

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              233 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                               December 15, 2003

Oracle patches SSL server bugs

BYLINE: ROBERT MCMILLAN

SECTION: ENTERPRISE APPLICATIONS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 419 words



Oracle has issued a security alert and software patches for a set of serious
vulnerabilities in the security protocols some of its server products use.

The flaws affect certain versions of Oracle's 8i and 9i Database Server, Oracle
9i Application Server and Versions 8 and 9 of the Oracle HTTP Server, according
to the alert.

Any client that can access an affected Oracle server could exploit the
vulnerabilities, according to the alert, which characterizes users' risk of
exposure from the vulnerability as "high." Oracle "strongly recommends" that
users apply patches for these vulnerabilities and says there were no alternate
workarounds to correct the issues.

The flaws exploit the Abstract Syntax Notation 1 (ASN.1) syntax notation, which
the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocols use,
which are used widely for exchanging data securely on the Internet.

"A lot of the problems have to do with the way that ASN.1 handles purposefully
badly constructed data," says Art Manion an Internet security analyst with
Carnegie Mellon's CERT Coordination Center.

By submitting data that was "purposefully badly constructed," a malicious client
theoretically could gain control over certain servers running SSL or TLS
software, Manion says.

"In a worst-case scenario, a malicious client, using a specially crafted client
certificate, could execute arbitrary code on a vulnerable server," he says.

Though the exploit is technically possible, hackers have yet to use it, Manion
says. "These vulnerabilities aren't so dead easy to exploit," he says.

Researchers at London's National Infrastructure Security Coordination Center
originally discovered the vulnerabilities and then documented them in a CERT
advisory Oct. 1, Manion says.

Oracle could have reduced the risk that these bugs present had it removed
certain features from the OpenSSL software libraries included with its servers,
says Thor Larholm, a senior security researcher with PivX Solutions, a network
security consultancy in Newport Beach, Calif.

"Oracle . . . should have done more to tailor the available functionality in the
libraries they included, as some of the vulnerabilities in OpenSSL - which
Oracle subsequently became vulnerable to - [are] not even used by Oracle
itself," he says.

The vulnerabilities have affected a variety of software that employs the SSL and
TLS protocols, including Oracle's, he says.

McMillan is a correspondent with the IDG News Service's San Francisco bureau.


LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 Network World, Inc.


                              234 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 29, 2011 Wednesday

W&M to exploit tourism on campus

BYLINE: Steve Vaughan, The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 483 words


June 29--WILLIAMSBURG -- Ask not what you can do for tourism, ask what tourism
can do for you.

That's the tenor of a report by a task force at the College of William & Mary
that's been sitting on a shelf for two months and was just released.

The report suggests promoting historic buildings and events to attract more
visitors to the campus, perhaps with welcome centers.

"It's a double opportunity," said Leonard Sledge, W&M director of economic
development and a co-chair of the task force. "We have the opportunity to
attract tourists to events we have on campus, sporting events, events at the
Muscarelle and at Phi Beta Kappa Hall. And we have the opportunity to let
visitors who are already at the college, for admissions visits or sporting
events, know what's available in the Historic Triangle, to drive more hotel room
nights and more business for our restaurants and attractions."

SuggesÂ­tÂ­ions run from promoting football games to feeding tourists in campus
dining facilities. Wouldn't that put the college in competition with area
restaurants?

Sledge responded "It gives our visitors another dining option."â[#x20ac][#x2c6]

That's not quite what city councilman Scott Foster, then a student, had in mind
when he suggested that the college could be an asset to the tourism industry. He
was talking about exploiting the "captive audience" of parents as they come
through Admissions.

"I think the perspective here is a little skewed by the emphasis on the college
trying to make a buck," he said Friday. "Some of what I talked about in the
campaign is there, but it's not getting sufficient emphasis."

Foster said the idea of a new welcome center, perhaps in the Wren Building,
"might be deja vu" after the recent dust-up over the Hotel Association visitor
center.

He's dubious about feeding visitors. "I could see where it might be good for
large school groups who might overwhelm a restaurant. I don't think the idea of
the average person going there for dinner is likely."

As a recent grad, he said the dining hall food is hit or miss. "It depends on
the night. They have some good fried chicken."

Also in the report, "There's talk of a discount card, but what people want
before they want a discount is they want to know where to go," Foster said. "I'd
like to see a guide that uses the college as the starting place and says, 'This
is in walking distance,' and that would be Merchants Square and Prince George
Street and the Delly. 'This is a five- to ten-minute drive,' and that would be
Richmond Road, and 'this is a 25-minute drive,' and that would be Yorktown."

To see more of The Virginia Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://vagazette.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110629-1VG-W-M-to-exploit-tourism-on-campus-0629-20110629

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VG


                      Copyright 2011 The Virginia Gazette


                              235 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 3, 2010 Wednesday

CCC hope to exploit edge in quickness

BYLINE: Bob Goetz, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 464 words


Nov. 03--PLATTSBURGH -- The Clinton Community College Cougars can't wait to get
out of town and on the road to the nationals.

The Cougars, who were originally scheduled to leave at 6 a.m. Wednesday, instead
will depart at the eye-squinting hour of 3 a.m.

"They want us down there (Largo, Md.) in time for team pictures in the early
afternoon and there is one hour set aside for practice," related Clinton Coach
Donna Dixon, who is facing a nine-hour bus ride with her team.

"That's okay. We can sleep on the bus."

The eight teams involved in the double-elimination National Junior College
Athletic Association (NJCAA) Division III also will be treated to a banquet
tonight on the campus of Prince George's Community College, the host school.
Briana Scurry, a member of Washington Freedom and starting goalkeeper for the US
Women's National Team (1994-1999) and the 2003 Women's World Cup, will be
speaking at the banquet tonight.

It will have to be a short night for the Cougars. They are scheduled to meet
Rochester Community and Technical College of Minnesota in the opening game at 10
a.m. Thursday.

Dixon was successful in getting a scouting report on the Rochester Yellowjackets
from the coach of the Dakota County Technical College of Rosemount, Minn. Dakota
County defeated Rochester C & TC twice (4-3, 2-0) this season.

"They (Rochester) are not real quick, but they play pretty good possession,"
Dixon said. "They're tough in the middle and they're supposed to be one of the
better teams in region, but I'm not sure how strong that region is."

Rochester plays a flat back four with no sweeper or stopper. And the
Yellowjackets oppose diagonally, which would seem to play into the Cougars'
strength of speed.

"We can expose them with speed on the outside," Dixon reasoned.

"Dakota didn't mark any one player, but they have one girl, Beth O'Brien, who
has 20 goals and 43 points. Obviously, they have some kids who can score."

Rochester (14-3) outscored its opponents 68-12 this season, registering 11
shutouts along the way.

Clinton (16-2) is riding a 14-game winning streak into the nationals.

"We can't worry too much about Rochester; we have to play our game, and rely on
our quickness," Dixon stressed. "If (a lack of speed) is their weakness, it
bodes well for us. But we won't know until we get out there Thursday."

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101103-ZI-CCC-hope-to-exploit-edge-in-quickness-1103-20101103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2010 The Press-Republican


                              236 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   InfoWorld

                                  July 5, 1999

SECURITY WATCH; Windows NT remote buffer overflows now a real threat thanks to
eEye security team

BY STUART McCLURE & JOEL SCAMBRAY

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 989 words

From the "be-careful-what-you-wish-for-because-it-might-come-true"
 category, the first remote Windows NT buffer overflow exploit was released to

 the public.  Less than two weeks after our prediction that a remote NT
 overflow was inevitable, the eEye security team (www.eeye.com) released what

 history may define as one of the most damaging NT exploits to date, leaving
 any default Windows NT Server 4.0 with Internet Information Server (IIS) 4.0

 and Service Pack 4 (SP4) or 5 vulnerable to attack.

 The vulnerability isn't in NT itself but rather in a DLL that is used by
 Microsoft's Web server, IIS.  The problem lies in how IIS and the DLL handle

 application mapping for .htr, .stm, and .idc files.  When feeding IIS a file

 name that is larger than expected, the ism.dll can overflow, allowing an
 attacker's code to spill into memory and be executed.

 In many ways the IIS vulnerability is what the Unix hackers have been waiting

 for.  For the past five years, buffer overflows have ravaged Unix systems
 (and most other OSes), allowing a local or remote attacker to execute
 arbitrary code and gain complete control of the system.  The semi-open-source

 nature of Unix allows programmers to discover improper bounds checking of
 program variables in almost any program on a system; this can allow the
 execution of any program.  But due to the closed-source nature of NT, many
 thought such exploits unlikely.

 The eEye team released the exploit late on Tuesday, June 15, with everything

 one would need to break into an NT and IIS system, including the compiled
 exploit, its assembly code, and the program to be executed.  Perhaps as a
 result of pressure, today the eEye Web site contains only the assembly code
 for the program.

 We tested the exploit on NT Service Packs 3, 4, and 5 in the labs.  SP3 is
 not vulnerable to the arbitrary code execution attack, but the exploit does
 effectively crash IIS, producing a wicked denial-of-service attack and
 requiring a server reboot.  On SP4 and SP5 boxes, however, not only does the

 exploit work well, but in most cases the IIS server can be restarted without

 a reboot (and without the administrator being any wiser).  On most of the
 systems we tested, a simple net start iisadmin and net start w3svc from the
 command line brought the Web server back up; on others, only a manual start
 from the Microsoft Management Console would bring it back up.

 The exploit itself was ingenious in that it forced IIS to download and
 execute a program from another Web server.  eEye hacked up the inimitable
 netcat tool (packetstorm.harvard.edu) to do the trick.  The new version
 automatically executed nc -l -p 80 -t -e cmd.exe, which, as any good hacker
 would know, provides a backdoor into any NT system.  Once it is executed, the

 Web server stops and the netcat listener waits for an incoming connection.  A

 simple Telnet command to port 80 produces an NT command shell (C:WINNT>),
 the root prompt of the NT world.

 But what can you do with an NT command shell?  The choices are almost
 limitless, because IIS runs under the System account, which has most of the
 privileges of Administrator.  We used our handy Elitewrap trojanizer (also
 from packet storm.harvard.edu) to create a single executable that extracted
 pwdump.exe and then executed the eEye netcat listener (which we changed to
 listen to port 53).  Once the exploit runs, you not only get a command shell

 but also pwdump.exe in your current directory.  By simply running pwdump on
 the remote system, you can dump the entire local Security Accounts Manager
 (SAM) database.  Now upload the output into L0phtcrack on your local system
 and start cracking.  If the system has been protected with the syskey
 utility, you can simply download pwdump2.exe and its DLL file to dump the SAM

 from memory.  You are not limited to these tools; you can download and
 execute just about anything.

 Once eEye came out with the exploit, Microsoft immediately offered a
 temporary work-around.  But after strong customer pressure, the company
 released a patch for the vulnerable ism.dll file; the fix can be downloaded
 at ftp://ftp.microsoft.com/bussys/IIS/iis-public/fixes/usa/ext-fix/.


 Deja vu

 The controversy surrounding the eEye security team's release of the advisory

 and exploit sounds all too familiar.  The second Security Watch column we
 wrote exposed a denial-of-service vulnerability in NT, for which we provided

 exploit code. (See
 archive.infoworld.com/cgi-bin/displayArchive.pl?/98/20/o03-20.70d.htm.)  By
 creating millions of local groups on a server, a user with a little QBasic
 knowledge could bring down every NT primary domain controller and backup
 domain controller in the domain.  We released the exploit only after more
 than five months of discussions with Microsoft, which was unwilling to
 provide a patch.  A few months later the company did provide a patch.  Do you

 think eEye was right to provide exploit code to help Microsoft remember its
 priorities?  Let us know what you think at security_watch@infoworld.com.

 Stuart McClure is a senior manager and Joel Scambray is a manager at Ernst &

 Young's eSecurity Solutions group.  They have managed information security in

 academic, corporate, and government environments for the past nine years.



LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 InfoWorld Media Group


                              237 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                    The Daily Telegraph (Sydney, Australia)

                            January 1, 1999, Friday

Exploit hot tip for Derby

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: MURRAY BELL

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 75

LENGTH: 147 words


UNDEFEATED US colt Exploit, a stablemate of the last two Kentucky Derby winners
Silver Charm and Real Quiet, is the 6/1 winter favourite for next year's Run For
The Roses on the markets posted by the Flamingo Hilton in Las Vegas this week.

The odds represent a major drop for the Storm Cat colt who was listed at 60/1
when the Derby odds opened.

After winning his first two career starts in California, Exploit rolled to two
Group race victories at Churchill Downs.

This is the venue of the 125th Derby that will run on May 1.

Despite winning the Breeders' Cup Juvenile (Group 1), Answer Lively is at 25/1
odds after opening also at 60/1.

Hollywood Futurity winner Tactical Cat is also at 25/1.

Second favourites in early betting in Las Vegas are Crowning Storm and Worldly
Manner.

Both are at 15/1 odds, followed by the 18/1 odds posted for Prime Timber.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              238 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday

Hundreds of users in region caught in Snapchat hack

BYLINE: David C.L. Bauer, Jacksonville Journal-Courier, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 517 words


Jan. 15--The massive database reads like a "who's who" of local social media
users, with names like "lilprincess" and "inurdreams."

What's scary though, is that among the 4.6 million names are cellphone numbers
and hometowns of users of the popular app Snapchat -- hundreds of them with
Jacksonville and west-central Illinois exchanges.

Although the unidentified person responsible for posting the database obscured
the last two numbers of the information that was posted online, security experts
said it could have allowed the exploitation of other social media accounts
because people tend to use the same screen names from account to account.

The Gibson Security team posted a pair of security exploits online in December
after they said their attempts to get Snapchat creators to fix the problem went
unheeded. Someone used those exploits to create the massive database and post in
online on New Year's Day.

Those behind posting the database said they wanted "to raise the public
awareness around the issue, and also put public pressure on Snapchat to get this
exploit fixed."

Snapchat subsequently apologized and patched the exploit. It found itself
apologizing again Tuesday for a large increase in spam, but said it did not
believe it was related to the database's publication.

Snapchat has been around since 2011 and allows the user to determine how long a
message is shared with someone. After the time runs out, the message disappears.

It was that sense of control that made it popular among younger users, but it
joined a growing list of companies finding customers' personal information
exposed.

During the holidays, Target Corp. acknowledged someone had infiltrated
information for about 40 million credit and debit card accounts and accessed
mostly names, emails, addresses and phone numbers. Last week, Target officials
said the breach involved more people than originally thought and up to 70
million accounts might have been compromised.

About the same time, Neiman Marcus representatives said the high-end retailer
was the victim of a cyberattack and some credit card information may have been
stolen. The extent of the attack was still unknown.

Rob Thomas, owner of DTE Technologies in Jacksonville, has been dealing with
computer security issues for years -- and the aftermath of the problems poor
security can cause.

"The biggest thing to remember is that the more popular the app or the site is,
the bigger a target it becomes," he said.

Thomas urges a strong degree of scrutiny when providing information online and
also said it's important for parents to monitor what information their children
are sharing.

"Never, ever give your bank account, credit account, home address, anything like
that, unless you are absolutely sure the site is protected," he said.

It's also important to watch what information a user allows another service,
such as Facebook, to share, he said.

dbauer@myjournalcourier.com

___ (c)2014 the Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) Visit the
Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) at www.myjournalcourier.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140115-JJ-Hundreds-of-users-in-region-caught-in-Snapchat-hack-0115-20140115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JJ


                  Copyright 2014 Jacksonville Journal-Courier


                              239 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                            February 15, 2013 Friday

Auction

LENGTH: 182 words



TARGET COMPANY: 2235642 Apache Corp. - noncore assets

SELLERS: 1959415 Apache Corp.

DEAL VALUE: $ 1-10 Billion

ANNOUNCEMENT DATE: February 14, 2013

DESCRIPTION: Houston oil and gas explorer Apache Corp. announced Feb. 14 that
the company would look to sell $2 billion in noncore assets during 2013 to pay
down debt. Company CEO G. Steven Farris declined to identify what assets might
be put up for in a conference call.



STATUS: Still on the block

AUCTION UPDATE DATE: February 19, 2013

AUCTION DESCRIPTION: While Apache Corp. did not dispel what assets would be
pegged for sale during a strategic review of the company's operations,
speculation is already arising. Apache CEO Steve Farris said that the company
might sell its New Zealand oil shale assets, which have "tremendous" potential
but too long a time frame to develop. Apache also has assets in Canada, West
Texas, New Mexico, Egypt and Australia, that are likely not for sale, although
Farris said "We have to make some tough choices," and choose assets the company
can "actually exploit" or if another company could "exploit them better."

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Auction

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2013 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             October 6, 2008 Monday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

AG sues dentist in fraud scheme;
Ex-Shrewsbury man was convicted in city

BYLINE: Lee Hammel, Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 708 words


The attorney general's office has filed a civil lawsuit against a former
Shrewsbury dentist and 14 other people and corporations, alleging that they
operated high-volume dental clinics through a web of corporate fronts to exploit
patients and get money from finance companies and insurers.

The attorney general also got a restraining order in Suffolk Superior Court
against Dr. Gary Anusavice and the others that secures their assets, prohibits
them from applying for or maintaining a license to practice dentistry in the
state of Massachusetts, and prohibits them from destroying or altering records.
The case involves dental practices in Weymouth and Fall River.

"Many consumers thought they were going for a routine trip to the dentist and
left these clinics in worse shape, both physically and financially, than when
they walked in the door," said Attorney General Martha Coakley. "Our office
filed this lawsuit to ensure that these defendants can never again exploit
Massachusetts citizens in need of dental care and we intend to seek relief for
the many people already hurt by these unconscionable practices."

That has a familiar ring. Dr. Anusavice, former owner of DDS Dental Center at 44
Front St. in Worcester and other clinics, was convicted of health care fraud in
Worcester Superior Court 11 years ago.

That conviction was a result of a plea bargain that dropped charges of larceny
and conspiracy against him and another dentist. Under that agreement, brokered
with the office of former Attorney General Scott Harshbarger, the dentists were
placed on probation and were ordered to pay $170,000 restitution and surrender
their licenses to practice dentistry for five years.

In the 1997 case, Judge James P. Donohue refused an agreement to continue the
charges without a finding. But he accepted subsequent guilty pleas from the
dentists, even though he still wanted to know why the attorney general's office
was not recommending jail time for Dr. Anusavice and Dr. Michael Weissman, a
periodontist from Wellesley, on a charge that carried a maximum of five years in
prison.

The Worcester Superior Court charges against Dr. Anusavice, his associates and
their business were brought after the Telegram & Gazette published stories about
the practices that led their clinics to generate more than 100 consumer
complaints, the most of any dental practice in the state.

In 1999, Dr. Anusavice also was sentenced in U.S. District Court in Boston to
four months in prison and four months in a halfway house on a charge of filing a
false income tax report. Dr. Anusavice said in his 1992 income tax return that
his adjusted gross income was $7,943, illegally failing to report another
$69,966.

Dr. Anusavice now lives at 165 Shady Hill Lane, East Greenwich, R.I. He could
not be reached for comment.

The suit, filed last week in Suffolk Superior Court, named Dr. Anusavice, who
allegedly operated the scheme; Dr. Merhad Haghkerdar, a dentist who facilitated
the defendants' scheme at Spectrum Dental in Fall River; nine corporations that
they formed; and Michael Rinaldi, Joseph Robbio, Vincent O'Neill and Heather
Pavao, all allegedly finance advisers and business managers at the dental
operations.

The suit alleges the defendants marketed "free" dental exams and affordable
monthly payment plans to prospective patients, set up a call center to control
the alleged deceptive marketing scheme, and instructed their employees to lure
patients into the dental clinics by "always answering a question with a
question" and emphasizing the free exams.

A finance adviser was introduced into the patient-dentist relationship with the
intention of "closing" a patient with credit obligations so that the dentist
could start immediate, often unnecessary and costly treatment, and to prevent
the patient from considering alternatives, according to the lawsuit. The
advisers, who were paid on commission, often proposed more extensive treatment
than was necessary in order to generate larger fees, including unnecessary
bridge and root canal work, according to the complaint. Rather than the low
monthly payments promised to the patients, the loans arranged were essentially
credit card loans that carried monthly interest rates as high as 22.98 percent.

(1997 photo)

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Dr. Anusavice

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

Movie Review: '12 Years a Slave'

BYLINE: George Lang

SECTION:

LENGTH: 531 words


Director Steve McQueenâ??s â??12 Years a Slaveâ? achieves its brutal brilliance
because it will not give viewers an easy out, a chance to avert their eyes from
one manâ??s suffering at the hands of a nationâ??s greatest moral failure.This
story comes from a first-person account of the horrors of human trafficking and
subjugation. Solomon Northupâ??s 1853 memoir â??Twelve Years a Slaveâ? was
published just months after Harriet Beecher Stoweâ??s â??Uncle Tomâ??s Cabin,â?
and the two books played crucial roles in building a case against slavery. It
was not a story emanating from the relative comfort of a post-Emancipation world
â?" when Northup wrote his memoir, the country was still a dozen years away from
freeing slaves in the South, and it proved that even freedmen in the North were
endangered by the system.

McQueen preserves the immediacy and hopelessness of Northupâ??s situation. In
1840, Northup (Chiwetel Ejiofor) was an educated freedman living in upstate New
York, working as both a skilled carpenter and a classically trained violinist
when he was approached about performing a few shows in Washington, D.C. with a
traveling circus. After his performances, Northup was drugged, tortured and then
transported to New Orleans, where he was sold at a slave auction.

Initially, Northup was treated with a measure of noblesse oblige by his first
owner, William Ford (Benedict Cumberbatch), but a series of further injustices
result in Northup being sold to Edwin Epps (Michael Fassbender), a sadist who
exploits the slavery system on all levels. Epps metes out horrific punishments
for his own entertainment and sexually exploits young Patsey (Lupita Nyongâ??o)
while his beleaguered wife (Sarah Paulson) seethes in the background. Under
Eppsâ?? ownership, Northup is made a â??driver,â? a slave overseeing the
fieldwork and forced to punish those under him for stepping out of line. It is
this emotional component of â??12 Years a Slaveâ? that is most sickeningly
resonant: by making Northup involved in his systematic torture of the men and
women on his property, Epps tightens his grip on a man who intimidates him
intellectually.

Ejioforâ??s performance projects the endless frustration of a man separated from
his beloved family by criminals and kept far from rescue with no one to vouch
for his identity and free status. In â??12 Years a Slave,â? there is no
Emancipation Proclamation being prepared to spirit Northup away from his
captors, and his eventual freedom never feels certain. Ejiofor wears this
sadness and sharp pain throughout the film.

While Ejioforâ??s performance is the obvious centerpiece, there are superb
performances throughout, including Fassbender as a personification of corrupting
evil and Tulsa-born Alfre Woodard as Mistress Harriet Shaw, a former slave who
is able to rise out of the fields and into a life of relative privilege.

As with his previous films, â??Hungerâ? and â??Shame,â? British director McQueen
dives deep into his story. There are no safe distances in â??12 Years a Slaveâ?
â?" it is a film suffused with overwhelming sadness over unjustly spilled blood
and the horror of families divided without thought or concern.

â?" George Lang

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            October 31, 2004 Sunday

Why America should reject candidate Kerry

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. F03

LENGTH: 885 words


He's a line-cutter. In Boston, he's legendary for using his entourage to demand
immediate service at restaurants and stores. When he's met resistance, he's
bellowed: "Do you know who I am?"

But he's running as a populist, despite the fact that the Kerrys own five
houses, including one in Ketchum, Idaho, made from an old English barn from 1485
that was disassembled, imported and rebuilt brick by brick near the ski slopes.

His yacht is christened "Scaramouche," which my dictionary says means "boastful
coward or buffoon" in comedic theatre.

He's not good at faking populism. He thinks the Buckeyes play in Michigan and
the Packers play at "Lambert" field. When he needs to relax, he goes
windsurfing.

According to his daughters, he gave mouth-to-mouth to their childhood hamster.
If true: disgusting. If false: his daughters cooked up this story to humanize
him, which is pathetic.

John Kerry is a man of shockingly little accomplishment for a U.S. senator. He
authored no major legislation in 20 years.

His official biographical film barely makes reference to his Senate work,
because he wasted 20 years of his constituents' time there.

He waves the bloody shirt. No presidential candidate in the 20th century - and
arguably ever - has bragged about his exploits in war as much as Kerry. And no
president has ever boasted about such exploits in a war he opposed.

He says he will fight terrorism with the "same energy" he put into going after
the Viet Cong.

Kerry fought the Viet Cong for four months, then came home.

Then, while still in uniform, he denounced the American effort, called his
fellow soldiers war criminals, met with Viet Cong leaders and endorsed a peace
plan with the enemy.

He's never apologized for any of the above.

He never did much for Vietnam veterans until he decided to run for president.

He did not become a famous politician because of his war heroism but for his war
protest. But he doesn't brag about the protesting now.

When he decided to run for Congress, he set up residences in three different
districts.

In that first race, he said that "I'd like to see our troops dispersed through
the world only at the directive of the United Nations" and that he wanted "to
almost eliminate CIA activity."

He thinks life in prison is worse than the death penalty, but he's in favour of
the death penalty for terrorists, so he wants a harsher penalty for Americans
than for foreigners.

He favours "grand alliances" but opposed the first Gulf War.

He is a panderer. In 1991, he wrote a letter to a constituent saying: "I share
your concerns. On January 11, I voted in favor of a resolution that would have
insisted that economic sanctions be given more time to work and against a
resolution giving the president the immediate authority to go to war."

A week later, the same constituent received another letter, accidentally, from
Kerry:

"Thank you very much for contacting me to express your support (of President
Bush). From the outset of the invasion, I have strongly and unequivocally
supported President Bush's response to the crisis and the policy goals he has
established with our military deployment in the Persian Gulf."

Now, he salutes Ronald Reagan's leadership at every opportunity, but at the 1988
Democratic convention, he called the Reagan years a period of "moral darkness"
for the country.

In 1997, he said Yasser Arafat had moved from outlaw to "role model" and
"statesman." In 2004, he said: "Obviously, Yasser Arafat has been an impediment
to the peace process .... As far as I'm concerned, he's an outlaw to the peace
process."

He's never done squat for Canada and his aides say that, if elected, he won't
meet with leaders from Canada and Mexico before he meets with leaders of Germany
and France.

He says Bush is "running on fear" even as he suggests young people should vote
for him in order to avoid the draft.

He told a pro-Palestinian audience he disapproved of the Israel security wall.
He told a pro-Israel audience he liked it.

His aides say Israel will be a bargaining chip for Kerry's rapprochement with
the "international community."

He voted for the war but against reconstruction, the reverse of an honourable
liberal's vote.

He says his mistake was how he explained that vote. His mistake was the vote.

He's more in denial than Bush about the world. He thinks he can get the French
to take bullets for Americans despite the weight of historical precedents on
that front.

He says he could get more allies, calls current allies a "coalition of the
bribed and coerced" and his aides call the new prime minister of Iraq a
"puppet."

He told the New York Times this month that 9/11 didn't change his thinking "much
at all" but merely "confirmed" for him that we should have done what he "thought
we needed doing" all along.

In the 1990s, Kerry considered the biggest threat to be narco-terrorism and the
international mob, not Islamic radicalism or Al Qaeda.

In the same interview, he explained that he wanted to get back to the 1990s when
terrorism was merely a "nuisance."

Of course, the reason there's a war on terror now is that we treated terrorism
like a nuisance in the 1990s.

When asked if America would have invaded Iraq if he'd been president, he said:
"You bet we might have ...."

Syndicated columnist Jonah Goldberg is editor-at-large of National Review Online
and a CNN commentator.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2004 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              243 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Mail (South Australia)

                             August 11, 2013 Sunday
                                   1 Edition

Tough beginnings gave Wahlberg edge for role

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 436  words


Mark Wahlberg was in familiar territory playing the charismatic, death row-bound
con artist, kidnapper and murderer Daniel Lugo in new comedy crime drama Pain &
Gain.

"Have I known people like Danny Lugo?" the 42-year-old asks from a couch in a
Miami hotel suite while discussing his days as a hood growing up in a tough area
of Boston.

He smiles and nods. "I knew a lot of crazy people back then and I still know a
lot of crazy people," he says. "I have friends who are in jail for the rest of
their lives. I have known a lot of unsavoury characters."

Pain & Gain is based on the real-life exploits of the fasttalking Lugo, a
personal trainer who managed Miami's Sun Gym but craved the good life.

Played by Wahlberg, he wanted everything his high-flying clients had - girls,
luxury cars, mansions and money - but didn't want to waste time working hard to
get them.

With the help of fellow Sun Gym trainer Adrian "Noel" Doorbal (Anthony Mackie)
and ex-con Paul Doyle (Dwayne Johnson), Lugo formed a gang that kidnapped,
murdered, brutalised and extorted victims in order to get their piece of what
they saw as the American dream.

The gang's exploits were detailed in a series of compelling 1999 articles in the
Miami New Times by journalist Pete Collins, which Hollywood director Michael Bay
used as the source for Pain & Gain.

Lugo and Doorbal were sentenced to death in 1998 after being convicted of
murder, kidnapping, racketeering and other charges. They remain on death row in
Florida.

"They were convinced you can just take it as opposed to going out there and
earning it and doing it the hard way," Wahlberg says.

Hard work was a lesson the star learned growing up in Boston with his eight
older siblings.

"I knew early on in my life that you had to work for it," he says.

"Sometimes when I'd go out and I took something, sometimes I would get away with
it and other times I'd get caught.

"I knew I had to go out there, work hard and earn it instead.

That's the thing - when you work hard and earn it, it feels so good."

Today Wahlberg is one of Hollywood's highest-paid actors and a successful
producer, but he did it against the odds.

At 13 he was addicted to cocaine and at 17 was sentenced to two years' jail for
assaulting a man, leaving the victim permanently blind in one eye.

While sitting in his cell, Wahlberg knew he wanted his life to change for the
better.

"I got there and I knew this is not what I wanted out of my life. I thought,
'OK, let me start turning this around'.

"Certainly now that I have a beautiful family, I have all the more reason to
stay focused and stay on the right path."

PAIN & GAIN IS NOW SHOWING

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           March 17, 1999, Wednesday

EXPLOIT INJURED, RETIRED TO STUD

BYLINE: ED FOUNTAINE

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 054

LENGTH: 290 words


Trainer Bob Baffert's star colt Exploit, the early favorite for the Kentucky
Derby until he suffered his first defeat Saturday in the San Felipe Stakes, has
been retired.

According to a report on the Blood-Horse magazine internet site, the 3-year-old
son of Storm Cat suffered a chip in his left knee finishing second in the San
Felipe. Baffert and owners Bob and Beverly Lewis made the decision to sent
Exploit to stud late yesterday afternoon after X-rays revealed the injury.

Baffert, meanwhile, plans to send Straight Man, unbeaten in two starts, to
Turfway Park for the Galaxy Furniture.com Stakes (formerly the Jim Beam) March
27.

There, he'll meet one of Nick Zito's late-developing Derby hopefuls, Steven Got
Even.

Baffert will run at least two horses - Prime Timber and previously unbeaten
General Challenge, fifth in the Louisiana Derby - in the Santa Anita Derby April
3.

General Challenge's stablemate, the filly Excellent Meeting, is a possibility
although Baffert has indicated he wants to keep his fillies away from colts for
now. Others pointing for the Santa Anita Derby include Bobby Frankel's filly
Honest Lady and San Rafael winner Desert Hero, now trained by Dick Mandella.The
colt's former trainer, Wally Dollase, was fired over the weekend as the head
conditioner of Prince Ahmad Salman's The Thoroughbred Corp.

Cat Thief, narrowly beaten in the Fountain of Youth and Florida Derby under Pat
Day, should get a new rider for the Blue Grass.

"As a coach I'm always looking to improve my position," trainer D. Wayne Lukas
said. "It's a two-way deal. Pat has a couple of other [Derby] mounts and might
not want to ride him anymore. But [Cat Thief] needs an aggressive ride through
the stretch."

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1999 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              245 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 16, 2010 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Goal for NASA: To Mars, or Not Quite?

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 837 words


To the Editor:

Re ''A New Space Program'' (editorial, Feb. 9):

Your editorial calling for a new goal for NASA and suggesting Mars is right in
spirit, wrong in particulars.

Mars is not yet a feasible goal. Instead, the proposed 2011 NASA budget is all
about developing United States capabilities to expand and exploit the inner
solar system. Part of the initiative is to ''scout'' resources.''

Let me suggest that this should be the whole goal: NASA's prime task should be
developing space resources.

Just as the United States Geological Survey and the Army helped miners and
settlers move west in the United States in the 19th century, NASA -- perhaps
together with other agencies -- should make it possible to exploit the huge
wealth available in space. With the right investments, the risk involved in
bringing these resources back to Earth will become low enough that venture
capitalists will find the enterprise worth the risk, for huge profits.

How big are the resources? A single small asteroid of the right type contains
billions of dollars' worth of platinum alone -- about a year's production on
Earth. Surveys under way will soon find hundreds of small asteroids in
accessible orbits. But picking the right one will take a lot of work, as will
developing the remote mining methods.

Astronomers, planetary scientists, geologists, aerospace engineers, miners and
astronauts will all be needed to make this vision a success. The payoff for the
United States, and for all on Earth, could be endless.

Martin Elvis    Cambridge, Mass., Feb.   10, 2010

The writer is an astrophysicist at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for
Astrophysics.

To the Editor:

As a former director for public information for the National Space Society
(Philadelphia office), I would like to point out that many of the solutions we
seek today were advanced 25 years ago. Space industrialization offers practical
investments in technologies that would yield benefits in energy, materials and
products. That path was rejected by NASA in favor of a Mars mission that holds
no economic promise for the future or the American public.

A return to the Moon for mining, fuel production and in-space manufacturing
offers nearer term economic benefits through investment in our technologies, our
economy and our people. Exploration means little when we refuse the benefits of
the assets we've developed.

Technologies like the solar power satellite and the solar sail offer solutions
for a resource-starved world and a series of economic and political options we
do not have today. We need energy, not Captain Kirk.

Michael Calabrese   Cincinnati, Feb. 10, 2010

To the Editor:

You are spot on regarding the missing goals for NASA's new space plan. The
Vision for Space Exploration was conceived in 2004 as a robust plan to expand
stepwise to the Moon and beyond, exploiting resources and linking robotic
missions to human exploration. Underfinancing, including an unanticipated bill
for Katrina damage, left the program with a clear goal (the Moon) but weak
technology and robotic mission foundations.

The new plan finances technology and robotics, but has no other clear goal.
Perhaps we should listen to the Augustine Commission, which concluded last fall
that the program was simply underfinanced. With $787 billion of stimulus money
already spent, you would think that an extra $3 billion for this national
treasure would be warranted.

Dave Murrow   Highlands Ranch, Colo., Feb.   9, 2010

The writer, a former employee of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, is a
consultant and engineering service provider to the aerospace industry,
specifically robotic mission and launch vehicle providers.

To the Editor:

I propose the idea of assembling our next manned spacecraft at the International
Space Station. The ship could be assembled using modules created on Earth and
transported to the space station using low-cost unmanned rockets. We would no
longer need superexpensive heavy-lift rockets for manned Earth launchings.

Private companies could develop smaller, single-stage space planes that could
take astronauts to and from the space station, returning them to Earth at space
ports like the one being built in New Mexico.

If we use the space station as our base to launch and maintain manned
spacecraft, I believe that we will have taken a major step toward a sustainable
manned space program. From the space station we could go to Mars, the Moon, or
other moons, planets or asteroids. It is time to break free of Earth's gravity
in an affordable way.

David Kaye   Woodland Hills, Calif., Feb. 9, 2010

The writer is a retired aerospace engineer.

To the Editor:

Do we really need a space program that will carry astronauts to Mars?

According to the Nobel laureate Steven Weinberg, the manned space program
''masquerades as science.'' You could say it is a spectator sport, having about
the same relationship to science that intercollegiate football has to education.

V. K. Balakrishnan   Cedar Park, Tex., Feb.    9, 2010

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY LULU WOLF)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              246 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            August 21, 2010 Saturday

President says militants could exploit flood

LENGTH: 681  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Aug. 21 -- Terrorists may exploit the chaos and misery caused by the
floods in Pakistan to gain new recruits, President Asif Ali Zardari warned
Thursday - remarks echoed by a leading US senator who said America would stand
by its vital wartime ally during the crisis.

The floods have affected 20 million people and about one-fifth of Pakistan's
territory, straining its civilian government as it also struggles against
al-Qaida and Taliban violence. Aid groups and the United Nations have complained
that foreign donors have not been quick or generous enough given the scale of
the disaster.

"All these catastrophes give strength to forces who do not want a state
structure," Zardari said during a press conference with John Kerry, chairman of
the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, after the two visited some of the
country's hardest-hit areas and a relief camp.

"There is a possibility that the negative forces would exploit the situation,"
Zardari said. "Like they would take the babies who have been made orphans and
take them to their camps and train them as the terrorists of tomorrow."

There also are concerns the scale of the suffering could stoke unrest and
political instability that may distract Pakistan from the fight against the
Taliban. Already, the military has had to divert thousands of soldiers and a
good deal of equipment from battling the militancy to rescuing flood victims.

"None of us want to see this crisis to provide an opportunity or an excuse for
people who want to exploit the misery of others for political or ideological
purpose, and so it is important for all of us to work overtime," Kerry said.

More than three weeks after the floods first began, the US, Germany and Saudi
Arabia all announced new pledges of aid, while Japan said it would send
helicopters to help distribute food, water and medicine. The Asian Development
Bank said it would redirect $2 billion of existing and planned loans for
reconstruction.

"If we don't do it quick, if we don't do it well, what will the Pakistani people
think?" asked Juan Miranda, the development bank's director general for Central
and West Asia. "We have to put every road and every bridge back into the shape
where they should be."

The United States has dispatched 19 army helicopters to hard-hit areas and given
other aid worth $90 million. Kerry said the monetary assistance would increase
to $150 million, a figure expected to be formally announced at a UN General
Assembly meeting in New York on Thursday.

The US's primary concern is humanitarian, Kerry said, while adding, "Obviously
there is a national security interest."

Richard Holbrooke, the US special representative for Pakistan and Afghanistan,
told the Asia Society in New York that the United States was the first and
largest contributor, and he challenged other countries, especially Pakistan's
close ally China, to "step up to the plate."

Holbrooke said says "many billions" of dollars would be needed to help Pakistan
rebuild. He spoke ahead of the UN General Assembly meeting to spotlight the
immediate need for $460 million for food, shelter and clean water.

Saudi Arabia said it would donate $80 million to Pakistan, the official Saudi
Press Agency reported, making it one of the largest donors.

The senator witnessed much of the devastation during a helicopter tour in Punjab
province. The muddy brown water stretched for miles, with only treetops and
upper levels of houses showing in some areas. A train stood idle on a track just
out of the water's reach.

At a relief camp in Jampur, hundreds of flood victims mobbed Zardari and Kerry,
pleading for help. Women and children said they needed water and food, and
moaned about lost homes.

"I've seen, unfortunately, a lot of bad things, but this ranks very high in
terms of basic human devastation," Kerry told reporters afterward. "It's going
to take an enormous international effort. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 17, 2013 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths NADHERNY, FERDINAND

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Classified; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 751 words


NADHERNY--Ferdinand, 86, passed away on March 12, 2013. Born December 12, 1926
in Berwyn, Il to Fred and Martha Nadherny. He attended Jefferson Grade School
before entering Morton East High School outside of Chicago. At Morton, he was an
honor student and played three varsity sports, receiving All State recognition
as fullback his senior year. Ferd was later recognized as one of the four most
distinguished graduates of Morton East in the last century.

He graduated from Morton in 1945 and joined the Navy. Following his discharge
from the Navy he attended Yale University on the G.I. Bill, having been
introduced to the school by Robert Anderson. Ferd later established a
scholarship in the name of Anderson for scholar athletes from the Chicago area.
At Yale he majored in economics and earned eight varsity letters in the late
1940's in football and basketball, receiving All America Honorable Mention
recognition for his exploits on the gridiron as a hard running fullback. These
exploits earned him the nickname, Ferdinand the Bull," which affectionately
stayed with him throughout his life. Following graduation from Yale in 1950 with
a degree in economics and sociology, he entered Harvard Business School,
graduating in 1952. While at Harvard he married his beloved wife of 62 years in
June, 1951. After Harvard, Nadherny commenced his business career with The Cabot
Corporation eventually settling in Wellesley, MA and had three sons (Chris,
Steve, and Jeff) and two daughters (Wendy and Sandy). He was a very devoted
father who loved his family and made it a priority throughout his life. In 1964
Ferd took a leave of absence from Cabot to further serve his country, joining
the Lyndon Johnson administration in Washington, DC to help organize the Office
of Economic Opportunity (The War on Poverty). He and the family returned to
Chicago (Winnetka, Il) in 1966 where he held executive positions in several
businesses before discovering his calling, executive search, that would become a
passion for the next 25 years. He joined Russell Reynolds Associates in 1974 to
start the firm's Chicago office, only the fourth office in the company. By the
time he retired from the firm in 1996 it had grown to 30 worldwide offices, a
number of which he helped open. Continuing to serve clients he became President
of Russell Reynolds in 1980 and Vice Chairman in 1988 always working out of
Chicago. Known as a consummate professional whose integrity, enthusiasm and
respect for others were hallmarks, he built and left a legacy in Chicago and
more broadly across the firm, and industry. Others trusted him with their lives.
Ferd was recognized as an engaging leader who built teams and was genuinely
excited by the successes of others. He had a never ending quest for quality,
professionalism, and a willingness to listen to others. His honesty was
surpassed only by his work ethic. Nadherny was a great believer in education and
giving back to his community, serving as a Board Director for Leadership Greater
Chicago, and Leadership for Quality Education. He also became a life Trustee of
the Golden Apple Foundation, and life Member of the Advisory Council for Kellogg
Graduate School of Business. Over the years, he stayed close to his alma mater,
chairing three successful 1950 class reunion alumni drives. An avid golfer, he
became a member of Old Elm Country Club in Highland Park, Il, the Country Club
of Florida in Boynton Beach where he resided winters with his wife. A special
interest of Ferd's in later years were the Achievement Centers for Children and
Families in Delray, FL whose mission is to nurture safe environments for those
children at greatest risk and helping families to break the cycle of poverty. He
cared about making a difference. In his final five years, beset by congestive
heart failure and advanced peripheral neuropathy, he continued to exhibit
optimism, courage and faith. He is remembered for living life fully, being a
role model, caring, his complete integrity, humility, the twinkle in his blue
eyes, and the inviting smile with which he greeted his family and many dear
friends. He is survived by his devoted wife, his five children, eleven
grandchildren, a great-grandson, and sister Marjory. Those wishing to make a
donation in Ferd Nadherny's name may contribute to the Robert Gardner Anderson
Scholarship Fund, at Yale University, Office of Development, P.O. Box 2038, New
Haven, CT 06521; or Achievement Centers at 555 N.W. 4th Street, Delray Beach, FL
33444.

URL:

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Paid Death Notice

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              248 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 15, 2013 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths NADHERNY, FERDINAND

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Classified; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 751 words


NADHERNY--Ferdinand, 86, passed away on March 12, 2013. Born December 12, 1926
in Berwyn, Il to Fred and Martha Nadherny. He attended Jefferson Grade School
before entering Morton East High School outside of Chicago. At Morton, he was an
honor student and played three varsity sports, receiving All State recognition
as fullback his senior year. Ferd was later recognized as one of the four most
distinguished graduates of Morton East in the last century.

He graduated from Morton in 1945 and joined the Navy. Following his discharge
from the Navy he attended Yale University on the G.I. Bill, having been
introduced to the school by Robert Anderson. Ferd later established a
scholarship in the name of Anderson for scholar athletes from the Chicago area.
At Yale he majored in economics and earned eight varsity letters in the late
1940's in football and basketball, receiving All America Honorable Mention
recognition for his exploits on the gridiron as a hard running fullback. These
exploits earned him the nickname, Ferdinand the Bull," which affectionately
stayed with him throughout his life. Following graduation from Yale in 1950 with
a degree in economics and sociology, he entered Harvard Business School,
graduating in 1952. While at Harvard he married his beloved wife of 62 years in
June, 1951. After Harvard, Nadherny commenced his business career with The Cabot
Corporation eventually settling in Wellesley, MA and had three sons (Chris,
Steve, and Jeff) and two daughters (Wendy and Sandy). He was a very devoted
father who loved his family and made it a priority throughout his life. In 1964
Ferd took a leave of absence from Cabot to further serve his country, joining
the Lyndon Johnson administration in Washington, DC to help organize the Office
of Economic Opportunity (The War on Poverty). He and the family returned to
Chicago (Winnetka, Il) in 1966 where he held executive positions in several
businesses before discovering his calling, executive search, that would become a
passion for the next 25 years. He joined Russell Reynolds Associates in 1974 to
start the firm's Chicago office, only the fourth office in the company. By the
time he retired from the firm in 1996 it had grown to 30 worldwide offices, a
number of which he helped open. Continuing to serve clients he became President
of Russell Reynolds in 1980 and Vice Chairman in 1988 always working out of
Chicago. Known as a consummate professional whose integrity, enthusiasm and
respect for others were hallmarks, he built and left a legacy in Chicago and
more broadly across the firm, and industry. Others trusted him with their lives.
Ferd was recognized as an engaging leader who built teams and was genuinely
excited by the successes of others. He had a never ending quest for quality,
professionalism, and a willingness to listen to others. His honesty was
surpassed only by his work ethic. Nadherny was a great believer in education and
giving back to his community, serving as a Board Director for Leadership Greater
Chicago, and Leadership for Quality Education. He also became a life Trustee of
the Golden Apple Foundation, and life Member of the Advisory Council for Kellogg
Graduate School of Business. Over the years, he stayed close to his alma mater,
chairing three successful 1950 class reunion alumni drives. An avid golfer, he
became a member of Old Elm Country Club in Highland Park, Il, the Country Club
of Florida in Boynton Beach where he resided winters with his wife. A special
interest of Ferd's in later years were the Achievement Centers for Children and
Families in Delray, FL whose mission is to nurture safe environments for those
children at greatest risk and helping families to break the cycle of poverty. He
cared about making a difference. In his final five years, beset by congestive
heart failure and advanced peripheral neuropathy, he continued to exhibit
optimism, courage and faith. He is remembered for living life fully, being a
role model, caring, his complete integrity, humility, the twinkle in his blue
eyes, and the inviting smile with which he greeted his family and many dear
friends. He is survived by his devoted wife, his five children, eleven
grandchildren, a great-grandson, and sister Marjory. Those wishing to make a
donation in Ferd Nadherny's name may contribute to the Robert Gardner Anderson
Scholarship Fund, at Yale University, Office of Development, P.O. Box 2038, New
Haven, CT 06521; or Achievement Centers at 555 N.W. 4th Street, Delray Beach, FL
33444.

URL:

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Paid Death Notice

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              249 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                                 August 7, 2006

Startup releases network access control device for Windows desktops

BYLINE: Tim Greene

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1743 words


Startup FireEye is introducing a network access control appliance that monitors
network traffic to discover and blockmalicious traffic aimed at Windows 2000 and
Windows XP desktops.

Called FireEye 4200, the device works in two phases, first to identify traffic
that diverges from normal in some way and second to run that traffic through
virtual machines on the appliance to see whether it is actually an exploit.
Proving the traffic as malicious on the virtual machines prevents false
positives, says company founder, President and CEO Ashar Aziz.

If so, the device can be configured to perform one of three defensive options.
It can reassign the offending machine to a quarantine VLAN, shut down all
network access by blocking the switch port it is attached to or create virtual
access control lists for the port to block the traffic that has been identified
as malicious but to allow all other traffic from the machine generating it.

It takes somewhere between seconds and tens of seconds from the time malicious
traffic is picked up and when the appliance takes action to isolate it. FireEye
4200 machines are attached to spanning ports or test access ports (TAPs) so they
are not in line with traffic and so do not introduce delay as they seek harmful
packet flows.

While the time it takes to discover an exploit gives the exploit time to unfold
on the production network, it still discovers malicious behavior in time to curb
an attack, says Fred Archibald, network manager for the Electrical Engineering
and Computer Science Department at the University of California at Berkeley. The
department has beta tested the device and is installing it to protect its
wireless network. "It's going to limit how much damage [an attack] can do," he
says. "It's a concern, but we feel it will give us at least an additional
measure of protection."

He says he was testing InfoExpress CyberGatekeeper gear that checks computers
for compliance with security policies based on a scan of the device performed by
a software agent. He says members of the department opposed the agents because
they had too many rights on the host machine. They were concerned that if the
agent were compromised, it could be used to steal proprietary data.

Archibald also says endpoint checking doesn't necessarily mean a device is not a
threat. Zero day attacks and delay updating signature libraries can leave
devices open to infection. "Signature-based security was a little bit daunting
for keeping it up to date," he says.

FireEye also competes against ConSentry and Nevis whose devices scan network
traffic from switch monitoring ports and shut down badly behaving machines, says
Scott Crawford, an analyst with Enterprise Management Associates. He says the
virtual machine component of FireEye is unique as far as he knows.

FireEye 4200 communicates with switches via SNMP, XML over HTTP, and via command
line interface with Cisco switches. It can also employ custom scripts to talk to
switches if other methods don't work, the company says.

While the virtual machines only check for exploits against Windows 2000 and XP
desktops, the company says it may later set up server-class versions. The more
pressing need is to protect LANs from infected machines, particularly laptops
that come and go from networks, the company says.

The device does not authenticate machines or users, nor does it scan them for
whether they have an acceptable security posture.

But it can work in conjunction with other NAC schemes that authenticate and
perform endpoint checks.

Setting up an appliance entails assigning it an IP address, attaching it to a
switch (the appliance has six 10/100/100 copper Ethernet ports) and setting what
the customer wants the machine to do with malicious traffic once it finds it.

According to Aziz, the device is set with a low threshold for what it considers
anomalous traffic, which it then runs through the virtual machines. This
sensitivity is designed so the appliance doesn't miss subtle or slow-developing
attacks, he says.

Once an exploit is discovered, its pattern is stored as a signature to check
against future traffic with the aim of finding a recurrent exploit faster on
subsequent attempts.

FireEye 4200 is available now and costs $30,000.



LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2006 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            December 15, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Quiznos fires 8 franchisees The Denver-based company's action in several states
follows the publication online of a store owner's suicide note.

BYLINE: Kristi Arellano Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 681 words


Quiznos has terminated the contracts of eight franchise owners affiliated with a
group that publicized a suicide note left by a California franchisee who
recently shot himself.

The Long Beach, Calif., franchise owner killed himself in a Quiznos bathroom
after a long-running legal dispute with the Denver-based chain. In a two-page
suicide note,

Bhupinder "Bob" Baber angrily accused Quiznos of mistreating franchise owners
like him, contributing to a rapid decline in his physical and mental health.

"Quiznos has killed me. Destroyed my life. Destroyed my family life for the past
seven years," Baber said in the note.

The Toasted Subs Franchisee Association, a group of Quiznos franchisees that is
highly critical of the Denver chain's business practices, posted the note
online. The group said the note was found on his body.

Baber shot himself in a Whittier, Calif., Quiznos on Nov. 27 after walking in
and asking to speak to the owner. He died later that night.

In the note, posted on the association's website, Baber called for intense
scrutiny of the company. After the letter was posted, eight of the association's
board members received termination notices.

The company, which responded only by written statement, accused the franchisees
of seeking to exploit Baber's death.

"We ... continue to be deeply saddened by Mr. Baber's death," Quiznos said in
its statement. "We find it deplorable and utterly reprehensible that the TSFA
has chosen to exploit this tragic situation to further their ongoing and
continuing efforts to damage the Quiznos brand and, consequently, all of their
fellow franchisees in the Quiznos system."

Justin Klein, an attorney representing the association, said the group believes
Quiznos is trying to discourage franchisees from speaking out.

The terminated franchisees were located in several states, including Michigan,
Minnesota, Montana and Texas. None were in Colorado.

Some were told to cease operations immediately, while others were given a period
of time in which to "cure" the situation, Klein said.

Quiznos has been dogged by franchisee complaints. In addition to individual
lawsuits, the company has been named in proposed class-action lawsuits in
Wisconsin and Canada.

The Wisconsin lawsuit alleges that the company sets franchisees up for failure
by forcing them to buy food and supplies at inflated prices while setting retail
prices so low that franchisees can't profit. It also claims that Quiznos omits
or misrepresents key facts about its business operations when selling
franchises.

Quiznos has said the Wisconsin lawsuit is without merit and that it will defend
itself vigorously.

The company has successfully defended itself against lawsuits by franchisees
claiming that it builds new locations too close to existing ones and that it
takes franchise fees without providing adequate locations within the allotted
time frames.

Baber had sued Quiznos for allowing new stores to open too close to his two
locations. He later alleged that the company tried to terminate his leases as a
form of retaliation for filing the suit and for trying to organize a franchisee
group.

Chris Bray, president of the Toasted Subs Franchisee Association, said the
group's membership includes "several hundred franchisees" representing as much
as 10 percent of the company's franchisees. Bray received an order dated Dec. 8
indicating that his two franchises in Texas were being terminated.

Bob Purvin, chairman of the American Association of Franchisees and Dealers,
said it was the first time he has seen a franchiser terminate multiple
franchisees for publicly criticizing it.

Purvin, whose association represents franchisees in their dealings with
franchisers, said Quiznos has emerged as a significant concern for the group
because of its apparent lack of willingness to engage with its franchisee
associations.

Staff writer Kristi Arellano can be reached at 303-954-1902 or
karellano@denverpost.com.

Al Día: Para leer este artículo en español. denverpost.com/aldia

More online: Bhupinder Baber's suicide note, a termination notice and a Quiznos
statement. denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Palo Alto Daily News (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 22, 2011 Thursday

Boyd terrorized foes with exploits

BYLINE: John Reid, Palo Alto Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 764 words


Dec. 22--A major clue that Palo Alto senior BJ Boyd was going to have one
memorable season came in the Vikings' season-opener against San
Benito-Hollister. On the game's first kickoff, Boyd caught the ball at his own
5-yard line, took a few steps ahead, stopped to read his blockers, then shot the
gap for a 95-yard touchdown.

Boyd, the inaugural Daily News special teams player of the year, had a 97-yard
kickoff return called back for holding in that 28-18 win over the Balers. That
didn't stop Boyd from having six more kickoff returns for TDs, which may be a
record of some sorts for kickoff returns for touchdowns in one year.

"BJ can change directions so fast," Palo Alto coach Earl Hansen said. "That's
what makes him a great kickoff returner. And he doesn't like to be tackled.
We've had faster return men, but they didn't change directions as fast as BJ.
I've never seen anyone return that many kickoffs for touchdowns. Not since I've
been here."

"BJ has a knack for finding that seam," Vikings special teams coach David
DeGeronimo said. "He can run and make a cut at full speed. He has great balance
and is a big, strong kid."

DeGeronimo noted that he puts his best athletes on kickoff return.

"He had some good blocking with Morris Gates-Mouton leading the wedge,"
DeGeronimo said. "There was Austin Braff, Gabe Landa and Erik Anderson doing a
lot of the blocking."

Against crosstown rival Gunn in Week 3, Boyd took an onside kick back 46 yards

for a score. That started a string of a kick return for a TD in three straight
games. Boyd had returns of 86 and 80 yards against Homestead-Cupertino and
Wilcox-Santa Clara, respectively. It was the second year in a row Boyd had taken
a kickoff all the way back against the Chargers.

The 5-foot-10, 193-pound Boyd registered a 76-yard kickoff return for a TD
against Los Altos, his fifth of the season. Boyd had his most spectacular kick
return while playing in a game to clinch the Santa Clara Valley Athletic League
De Anza Division title. Boyd scooped up a wobbly kick around his own 23-yard
line, broke a few tackles before finding himself surrounded by Trojans. Boyd
somehow escaped, then reversed field to his left, broke another tackle, then cut
it upfield. He broke two more tackles before finding the sideline on his way to
the house.

Earlier, Boyd had caught a 48-yard touchdown pass from Keller Chryst, the
Vikings capturing the De Anza crown with a 62-35 rout.

"That kickoff return against Milpitas was my favorite," Boyd said. "The ball
bounced up to me. I started to my right, then went to my left and got through
some tackles."

In Boyd's final prep football game, he took a kick back 98 yards for a touchdown
to give the Vikings a 7-6 lead over Bellarmine-San Jose in the Central Coast
Section Open Division title game. The lead was short-lived as the Bells cruised
in a 41-13 win. Bellarmine went on to lose a heartbreaker to Santa
Margarita-Rancho Santa Margarita in the Div. I state bowl championship game.

"The Bellarmine game was disappointing," Boyd said. "Their quarterback, Travis
McHugh, knows how to run that offense. We couldn't stop them."

Boyd was voted the SCVAL De Anza Division's offensive player of the year for
good reason. Boyd, who was switched from running back to wide receiver after the
second game, caught 36 passes for 1,108 yards and 17 touchdowns. He averaged an
astounding 30.8 yards per catch. As a running back, Boyd rushed 25 times for 174
yards.

"We needed to get more vertical," Boyd said as to why he was switched to wide
receiver. "It gave us more weapons on the field. The only thing I didn't like
about it was that I had to learn more plays."

Boyd's future may be in baseball. Boyd -- a first team all-Daily News baseball
pick last spring with a .442 batting average for the CCS champion Vikings -- is
a sure-fire draft pick as an outfielder in the MLB First-Year Player Draft next
June. There is also a possibility that Boyd will play football at the next
level, though baseball will have to be part of the equation.

"My heart is with baseball," Boyd said. "That's what I want to play. If a
college wants me for football, I'd have to be able to play baseball."

"BJ could play Div. I football," DeGeronimo said. "He has the skill-set, the
size and the speed. Even if he just returns kickoffs, he's a very dangerous
threat."

Seven Paly opponents found that out this past season.

Email John Reid at jreid@dailynewsgroup.com

___ (c)2011 the Palo Alto Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) Visit the Palo Alto
Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) at www.paloaltodailynews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111222-PL-Boyd-terrorized-foes-with-exploits-1222-20111222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PL


                      Copyright 2011 Palo Alto Daily News


                              252 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 2, 2012 Friday
                                 Drive Edition

OUR VIEWS ;
YOU KNEW IT WAS GOING TO HAPPEN;
Climate change lobby in full throat post-Sandy

SECTION: OPINION; OUR VIEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 590 words


NEVER let a natural disaster go to waste.

Even before Hurricane Sandy slammed the Northeast, tweeters and bloggers and
pundits - oh my! - engaged in rank speculation about the superstorm's ties to
climate change. Now the speculation is going mainstream.

Bound to happen. Global warming zealots never waste a chance to exploit tragic
events for political gain. Superstorms have hit the Northeast a number of times
since records started being kept. They hit the area countless times before
record-keeping began. If global warming was to blame then, it wasn't caused by
coal-fired power plants.

"It's Global Warming, Stupid" was the headline used by Bloomberg Businessweek to
exploit Sandy. "Our cover story this week may generate controversy," editor Josh
Tyrangiel wrote, "but only among the stupid."

Only among the arrogant elite can such speculation be stated as scientific fact
by people who wouldn't know a mesocyclone from mesothelioma. Bloomberg's
namesake, who happens to be mayor of New York City, also got into the act - as
did New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo. The usual pattern following a Sandy-like event
is to note its ferocity and uniqueness, link it to climate change and then link
that to human activity.

Human activity is indeed a factor in the devastation. The greater the number of
people who live in coastal areas and the more expensive the property in those
areas, the higher the death toll and property damage from superstorms.

"Public discussion of disasters risks being taken over by the climate lobby and
its allies, who exploit every extreme event to argue for action on energy
policy," Roger Pielke Jr. wrote Thursday in an op-ed for The Wall Street
Journal. Pielke is a professor of environmental studies at the University of
Colorado, which isn't a hotbed of conservative academic views. Pielke argues
rationally that storms must be kept in perspective and exposure to storms must
be managed.

Sandy shouldn't be used as an excuse to reshape the economy just so more wealthy
people can protect their beach homes. Other rational voices point out that the
Atlantic is in a warming cycle while the Pacific is in a cooling pattern. This
will reverse in short order and unleash other weather trends, which no doubt
will also be blamed on climate change due to perceived assaults on the
environment.

A rise in sea levels - which has occurred since the dawn of time - obviously
puts coastal areas at more risk from storm surges. Shrinking sea levels would
put $2 million beachfront homes farther from the surf. A rational approach would
include not rewarding people who live too close to the shore, which we do when
we help them cover their losses.

Couldn't that approach be used against tornado-prone Oklahoma? We think not. The
chance of any tornado, much less an EF5, hitting any particular spot in this
state is remote. The chances of a hurricane hitting the Outer Banks is much
higher. Still, people should be allowed to live near a beach if they're willing
to take the risk.

Pielke notes that the deadly 2011 tornado outbreaks, also linked by some to
climate change, were comparable only to those of 1953 and 1964, but "such
tornado impacts were far more common in the first half of the 20th century."
That would be the half when the population was much lower and far fewer cars and
trucks were overheating the air.

Our conclusions about global warming may generate controversy, but only among
those easily swayed by the well-financed climate change lobby. Unlike Bloomberg,
we won't insult them by calling them stupid.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: EDITORIAL

GRAPHIC: A vehicle rests on its side in the sand in Seaside Heights, N.J, in the
aftermath of superstorm Sandy. AP PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                                August 30, 1999

Hacker ruse can exploit ActiveX controls

BYLINE: ELLEN MESSMER

SECTION: FRONT NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 745 words



WASHINGTON, D.C. - If you're using Microsoft Outlook Express in Internet
Explorer 5.0 for e-mail and you don't disable the ActiveX Controls feature,
someone could send you a message that could wipe the files off your hard drive
or put a new file onto it.

Last week Bulgarian computer consultant Georgi Guninski showed how the deceit
can be done by embedding malicious script in an Internet mail message that can
delete files while the victim is reading the message with Microsoft Outlook
Express. This exploit takes advantage of ActiveX Controls, Microsoft's
technology for executing a program on the Web, and doesn't appear to work with
Internet Explorer 4.0.

"What Georgi did was create the 'nuclear e-mail message,' " claims Richard
Smith, president of Cambridge, Mass., tools developer Phar Lap Software, who has
kept close track of the security implications of ActiveX since Microsoft started
developing the technology in the early 1990s.

"We have been anticipating something like this for years. In theory, it's no
longer safe to read e-mail if you use Outlook Express," he says. "When you hear
about browser exploits, think e-mail, too."

In his presentation at the Usenix security conference last week, Smith explained
how Guninski's ploy works. The Outlook Express e-mail viewer reads HTML by
default with Internet Explorer 5.0.

Guninski's "nuclear e-mail" takes advantage of an ActiveX Control called "Object
for constructing type libraries for scriptlets," or "Scriptlet Type Lib" for
short, that ships as part of Internet Explorer 5.0.

In this case, Guninski's malicious code instructs Internet Explorer 5.0's
ActiveX Control to wipe out an entire hard drive if the attacker drops an
executable to do so. The trick also can add files to the user's hard drive,
regardless of the Microsoft browser's security settings.

"Microsoft has shipped from the factory an ActiveX Control marked 'safe for
scripting,' which it shouldn't have," Smith says. For its part, Microsoft last
week acknowledged the problem, although the company did not make its technical
staff available to talk about it. A company spokeswoman did acknowledge the
vulnerability means "you can drop an executable file into the system to do
whatever you want. It could do anything."

Microsoft issued a statement advising users concerned about the problem to
disable ActiveX Controls until the company releases a patch for its browser,
hopefully later this week.

Guninski works as a security consultant for Netscape, which is now part of
America Online. A spokeswoman there says Guninski was hired to review present
and future Netscape products after discovering security problems in Netscape
Communicator earlier this year. But she and Guninski denied Netscape was paying
Guninski to crack Microsoft products.

The ActiveX e-mail escapade is just the latest in a long line of troubles
associated with the technology, asserts Smith, who says about a dozen other
ActiveX Controls written by Microsoft also need to be fixed.

Microsoft provides the tools to let others - both the good guys and the bad guys
- write ActiveX Controls. Smith says he is concerned that ActiveX Controls are
proliferating in a way largely unknown to users, as the Controls ship with a
growing number of laptop, computer and software applications.

"These preinstalled ActiveX Controls are the ones I see as very dangerous,"
Smith says. "Active Controls are pretty difficult to write, and these are
written by the good guys. I'm talking about Controls you never have the option
not to install - I call them 'accidental Trojans.' "

For instance, the Hewlett-Packard Pavilion laptop comes with an ActiveX Control
called "Launch," designed to be used with the HP "System Wizard" for system
diagnostics. Smith thinks it offers a back door into the laptop.

Kodak's imaging software that ships with Windows 98 has a Control to override
files. It looks like a GIF file in the directory, but it's actually an unsafe
ActiveX Control, Smith contends. A Toshiba laptop Smith looked at came with
about 1,000 preinstalled ActiveX Controls.

To locate ActiveX Controls, Microsoft makes a tool called OLE View, part of the
Visual Studio and Visual C++ developer's kits.

Smith says that he and his colleagues have not found a large number of ActiveX
Controls embedded on public Web sites, probably because of the numbers of users
still running a Netscape browser, which doesn't run ActiveX, he surmises.


LOAD-DATE: August 31, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 Network World, Inc.


                              254 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                              May 10, 2015 Sunday

US threatens democracy in Central America by sending Marines: James Petras

LENGTH: 558  words


The Pentagon's move to send hundreds of US Marines to Central America threatens
democracy in the volatile region says, an American professor.

"I think this move by Washington is a threat to democratic and independent
politics which has been the key in Latin America over the last 15 years," said
James Petras.

"Sending of 280 Marines for the United States government to Central America is a
very ominous development that follows a certain pattern that has taken place on
a global level," sociology professor said in an interview with Press TV on
Sunday.

Petras, who is Bartle Professor of Sociology from Binghamton, New York, was
giving his take on US plans to deploy US Marines to several countries in Central
America.

The professor noted that the soldiers who would be sent to Latin America would
not be there for "disaster relief" because "these groups that are being sent are
special forces and they are notable for their counter-insurgency operations."

Troops that will head to Central America would be special forces, Petras said.

Petras said the Pentagon believes that it can now "exploit certain changes that
have taken place in Latin America, essentially the decline of oil and commodity
prices."

"They think the progressive governments in Latin America are more vulnerable at
this moment, at the possibility of some social discontent, which they think they
can exploit via some puppet political and essentially back to interventionism
and the kind of policies that brought dictatorships and overthrew democracy,"
Petras asserted.

"I think it's very telling that Washington will concentrate most of its troops
in Honduras which was the object of a military coup that was backed by Hillary
Clinton when she was secretary of state that overthrew a legally-elected
government and that now is run by a right-wing regime, which has been involved
in repressing farm workers and small farmers and has been running a very
repressive outfit," added Petras.

Former Honduran President Manuel Zelaya (C) participates in the May Day march in
Tegucigalpa on May 1, 2015. (AFP Photo)

The United States was involved in a military coup in Honduras that ousted
President Manuel Zelaya on June 28, 2009.

In 2009, US President Barack Obama said that the military ouster of Honduran
President Manuel Zelaya was illegal and could set a "terrible precedent."

Former secretary of State Hillary Clinton said at the time the United States
government was holding off on formally branding it a coup.

Former secretary of state Hillary Clinton smiles as she speaks at Rancho High
School on May 5, 2015 in Las Vegas, Nevada. (AFP Photo)

Petras compares this policy with the Pentagon's strategy in the Middle East.

"I think this policy is also planted in the Middle East where Washington has
been involved with Saudi Arabia in crushing Yemen, while on the other hand it's
engaging in diplomatic negotiations with Iran," he asserted.

The US is part of the so-called P5+1 group of countries that also include the
UK, France, Russia, China and Germany who are all in the process of drafting a
final agreement over Iran's nuclear energy program.

Petras further stated that he believed the US is practicing a double standard
policy one focusing on diplomacy and the other focuses on military aggression.

"I think it's true in the Middle East and its true now in Latin America," he
stated.

HDS/AGB

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2015 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Computerworld

                                January 6, 2006

Microsoft Releases Fix for WMF Flaw Ahead of Schedule;
Says user pressure influenced decision to change course

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: SECURITY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 880 words


By Jaikumar Vijayan

Citing "very strong customer sentiment" and an earlier-than-expected wrap-up of
testing work, Microsoft Corp. last week released a patch for a flaw in a Windows
image- processing module after initially saying the fix wouldn't be issued until
tomorrow.

Microsoft's reversal of course on Thursday came as malicious hackers ratcheted
up their attempts to exploit the flaw and IT managers and security analysts
differed on whether corporate users should install an unofficial third-party fix
or wait for the software vendor's patch.

Some IT executives interviewed by Computerworld said that before Microsoft
issued the patch, they were in a quandary over how best to protect their systems
against the Windows Metafile flaw.

"We frankly don't know quite what to do," said Matt Kesner, chief technology
officer at Fenwick & West LLP . "To use the old colloquialism, we are damned if
we do and damned if we don't."

Waiting until this week for Microsoft's patch could have exposed the Mountain
View, Calif.-based law firm's systems to exploits targeting the WMF
vulnerability, Kesner said. Fenwick & West's IT staffers were unsure whether the
work-around procedures initially suggested by Microsoft would have provided
sufficient protection, he said.

But, Kesner added, installing an unofficial patch on the law firm's Windows
servers could result in unforeseen consequences and raise potential support
issues with Microsoft if the systems had technical problems in the future.

After hearing of the software vendor's change in plans, Kesner said he was "very
excited and glad that Microsoft broke its usual schedule" of releasing patches
on the second Tuesday of each month. IT workers at Fenwick & West met on
Thursday to discuss plans for testing and rolling out the WMF patch on an
emergency basis.

Dave Jordan, chief information security officer for Virginia's Arlington County,
said Thursday afternoon that staffers there had already started testing
different versions of Microsoft's patch and planned to deploy them as quickly as
possible.

WMF is a 16-bit image format that is processed by the graphics-rendering engine
in Windows. The flaw came to light in late December after security vendors began
detecting exploit attempts. Attackers could use the vulnerability to run
malicious code on vulnerable machines, steal data from infected systems and turn
the computers into zombies for relaying spam and other malware, according to
advisories from Microsoft and security researchers.

There were no known reports of widespread attacks on corporate systems, and
Microsoft listed 11 security vendors that claimed their antivirus tools could
protect users from attempts to exploit the flaw.

But some security vendors pegged the total number of attack methods targeting
the vulnerability at more than 200 as of Thursday. The escalating number of
attacks prompted some security researchers to recommend that companies
immediately download the unofficial patch developed by Ilfak Guilfanov, a
programmer who works in Belgium.

For example, Bethesda, Md.-based SANS Institute made Guilfanov's patch available
on its Web site and urged IT managers to download it. The unofficial patch had
been downloaded more than 120,000 times as of last Wednesday, said Johannes
Ullrich, chief technology officer at the Internet Storm Center threat-monitoring
service operated by SANS.

F-Secure Corp. , one of the companies on Microsoft's list of antivirus vendors
that can block WMF attacks, also recommended the use of Guilfanov's patch after
testing and installing it internally. The U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team
provided a link to the patch on its site but urged companies to do their own
risk assessments. Wary of Third Parties

Others said that despite the potential seriousness of the WMF flaw, users should
avoid installing any unsupported patches because such code is unlikely to have
been fully tested for application compatibility and quality.

"It is never a good idea to deploy an untested third-party patch. It's an
invitation for bigger problems," said Andrew Plato, president of Anitian
Enterprise Security , a systems integration and consulting firm in Beaverton,
Ore. He added that the WMF vulnerability "is bad, but no worse than a hundred
other exploits, many of which remain undisclosed."

Tom Robertson, senior vice president of IT at Charter Bank in Bellevue, Wash.,
said his staff was updating the bank's antivirus and antispam tools, as well as
its content filters and network intrusion-protection systems while waiting for
Microsoft's fix. But he said the bank was unlikely to install any third-party
Windows patches.

The WMF issue highlights the need for users to have an IT security strategy that
isn't overly dependent on a vendor's ability to get patches out quickly, said
the director of information security at a specialty retail chain in California.

Instead of simply waiting for Microsoft's patch, the retailer relied on
information from online bulletin boards to implement preventive controls such as
intrusion-detection systems and URL, attachment and image filters, said the
security director, who asked not to be identified. He said the company also had
tested Guilfanov's patch and decided that it could be implemented on critical
systems if the need arose. w

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Computerworld, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Herald Sun (Australia)

                             August 11, 2013 Sunday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

NOT SOLD ON A HARD CELL

BYLINE: Donna Walker-Mitchell

SECTION: MOVIE6; Pg. 100

LENGTH: 697  words


Mark Wahlberg confronts his past with Donna Walker-Mitchell

MARK Wahlberg was in familiar territory playing the charismatic, death row-bound
con artist, kidnapper and murderer Daniel Lugo in the new comedy crime drama
Pain & Gain.

``Have I known people like Danny Lugo?'' the 42-year-old actor, wearing a
baseball cap, jeans and a white T-shirt, asks from a couch in a Miami hotel
suite while discussing his days as a hood growing up in a tough area of Boston.

Wahlberg smiles.

``I knew a lot of crazy people back then and I still know a lot of crazy
people,'' he says. ``I have friends who are in jail for the rest of their lives.
``I have known a lot of unsavoury characters.''

Pain & Gain is based on the real-life exploits of the fast-talking Lugo, a
personal trainer who managed Miami's Sun Gym but craved the good life.

Lugo, played by Wahlberg, wanted everything his high-flying clients had -- the
girls, luxury cars, mansions and money -- but didn't want to waste time working
hard to get them.

With the help of fellow Sun Gym trainer Adrian ``Noel'' Doorbal (played by
Anthony Mackie) and ex-con Paul Doyle (Dwayne Johnson), Lugo formed a gang that
kidnapped, murdered, brutalised and extorted victims to get their piece of what
they perceived as the American dream.

The gang's exploits were detailed in a series of compelling 1999 articles in the
Miami New Times by journalist Pete Collins, which Hollywood director Michael Bay
used as the source for Pain & Gain.

Lugo and Doorbal were sentenced to death in 1998 after being convicted of
murder, kidnapping, racketeering and other charges. They remain on death row in
Florida.

``For whatever reason, they were convinced that you can just take it as opposed
to going out there and earning it and doing it the hard way with blood, sweat
and tears, which is the only way to do it,'' Wahlberg says.

Hard work was a lesson the star learned while growing up in the Dorchester
neighbourhood of Boston with his eight older siblings.

``I knew that early on in my life, that you had to work for it,'' he says.

``Sometimes when I'd go out and I took something, sometimes I would get away
with it and then other times I'd get caught.

``I knew I had to go out there, work hard and earn it instead. That's the thing
-- when you work hard and earn it, it feels so good.

``You respect it, you appreciate it, you take good care of it.''

Today Wahlberg is one of Hollywood's highest paid actors and a successful
producer, but he achieved that against the odds.

At 13 he was addicted to cocaine and aged 17 he was sentenced to two years' jail
for assaulting a man, leaving the victim blind in one eye.

While sitting in his cell, Wahlberg knew he wanted his life to change for the
better.

``When I went to jail, that was a wake-up call for me, certainly,'' he says.

``I got there and I knew this is not what I wanted out of my life.

``I thought, `OK, let me start turning this around'.

``Certainly, now that I have a beautiful family, I have all the more reason to
stay focused and stay on the right path.''

Based in Los Angeles, Wahlberg married model Rhea Durham in 2009. The couple has
four children -- two boys and two girls -- aged three to nine.

Failing as a father is not an option for the former model and rapper.

``I work so hard to make sure I give them all the things I never had, but I also
want them to understand and appreciate things and be respectful and kind to
people,'' he said.

``If I succeed in business and I fail as a father, it's all for nothing.''

Before reading the script for Pain & Gain, the actor hadn't heard about the
crimes committed by Lugo and his recruits, and during filming, Wahlberg was
amazed at the bizarre world he was portraying.

``They weren't the brightest guys in the world.

``They did bad things and they paid for those mistakes.''

Wahlberg, who has starred in films such as Boogie Nights, The Departed and The
Fighter, says turning 40 was a big milestone.

``The things that were important to me in the past aren't as important any more.
I care more about the important things in life, like being a hard worker and a
father. It's all about getting the balance right in life and I've got it pretty
good.''

Pain & Gain is now showing.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SHS


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Sunday Times (Australia)

                             August 11, 2013 Sunday
                              1 - STREETS Edition

REAL WILD CHILD

BYLINE: DONNA WALKER-MITCHELL

SECTION: Pg. 84

LENGTH: 763  words


MARK Wahlberg was in familiar territory playing the charismatic, death row-bound
con artist, kidnapper and murderer Daniel Lugo in new comedy crime drama Pain &
Gain.

``Have I known people like Danny Lugo?'' the 42-year-old actor, wearing a
baseball cap, jeans and a white T-shirt, asks from a couch in a Miami hotel
suite while discussing his days as a hood growing up in a tough area of Boston.

He smiles and nods.

``I knew a lot of crazy people back then and I still know a lot of crazy
people,'' he says.

``I have friends who are in jail for the rest of their lives.

``I have known a lot of unsavoury characters.''

Pain & Gain is based on the real-life exploits of fast-talking Lugo, a personal
trainer who managed Miami's Sun Gym, but craved the good life.

Lugo, played by Wahlberg, wanted everything his high-flying clients had: the
women, luxury cars, mansions and money. But he didn't want to waste time working
hard to get them. With the help of fellow Sun Gym trainer Adrian ``Noel''
Doorbal (played by Anthony Mackie) and ex-con Paul Doyle (Dwayne Johnson), Lugo
formed a gang who kidnapped, murdered, brutalised and extorted victims to get
their piece of what they perceived as the American dream.

The gang's exploits were detailed in a series of compelling 1999 articles in the
Miami New Times by journalist Pete Collins, which Hollywood director Michael Bay
used as the source for Pain & Gain.

Lugo and Doorbal were sentenced to death in 1998 after being convicted of
murder, kidnapping, racketeering and other charges.

They are on Florida's death row.

``For whatever reason, they were convinced that you can just take it as opposed
to going out there and earning it and doing it the hard way with blood, sweat
and tears, which is the only way to do it,'' Wahlberg says.

Hard work was a lesson the star learnt while growing up in the Dorchester
neighbourhood of Boston with his eight older siblings.

``I knew early on in my life that you had to work for it,'' he says.

``Sometimes when I'd go out and I took something, sometimes I would get away
with it and then other times I'd get caught.

``I knew I had to go out there, work hard and earn it instead.

``That's the thing; when you work hard and earn it, it feels so good.

``You respect it, you appreciate it, you take good care of it.''

Wahlberg is one of Hollywood's highest-paid actors and a successful producer,
but he achieved that against the odds.

At 13 he was addicted to cocaine and at 17 was sentenced to two years jail for
assaulting a man, leaving the victim permanently blind in one eye.

While sitting in his cell, Wahlberg knew he wanted his life to change for the
better.

``When I went to jail, that was a wake-up call for me, certainly,'' he says.

``I got there and I knew this is not what I wanted out of my life.

``I thought, `OK, let me start turning this around'.

``Certainly now that I have a beautiful family I have all the more reason to
stay focused and stay on the right path.''

Based in Los Angeles, Wahlberg married model Rhea Durham in 2009 at the Good
Shepherd Catholic Church in Beverly Hills.

The couple have four children, two boys and two girls, from three to nine years.

Failing as a father is not an option for the former model and rapper, as he
strives to raise his children with everything they need, without spoiling them.

``I work so hard to make sure I give them all the things I never had, but I also
want them to understand and appreciate things and be respectful and kind to
people,'' he says.

``If I succeed in business and I fail as a father, it's all for nothing.''

Prior to reading the script for Pain & Gain, the actor hadn't heard of Lugo and
his recruits and during filming, despite his tough-guy past, he found himself
amazed at the bizarre world he was portraying.

``You're seeing a true story from the point of view of the criminals,'' he says.

``They weren't the brightest guys in the world.

``They did bad things and they paid for those mistakes.''

Wahlberg, who has starred in films such as Boogie Nights, The Departed and The
Fighter, says turning 40 was a big milestone.

``Once I turned 40, I stopped giving a s---,'' he laughs.

``I'm embracing getting older.

``The things that were important to me in the past aren't as important any more.

``I care more about the important things in life, like being a hard worker and a
father.

``I have two daughters and we recently went to a tea party with (Disney
princess) Sophia the First so that was pretty great, too.

``It's all about getting the balance right in life and I've got it pretty
good.''

Pain & Gain is in out now. See our review page opposite.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SDT


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 7, 2014 Friday

Prep roundup (Feb. 6): Murphy exploits Chi-Hi's D for 51

BYLINE: The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 430 words


Feb. 07--No one player has exploited the run-and-gun style of Chippewa Falls
more than River Falls' senior Luke Murphy did Thursday night.

Murphy exploded for 51 points in the Wildcats' 96-60 win over their Big Rivers
rivals, scoring almost all of his baskets on right-handed layups.

Murphy's historic night was the most points by a player in the area since
Chi-Hi's Tyson Kalien scored 52 in a game in 2011.

As a team, the Wildcats had 43 field goals with all of them coming inside the
3-point arc.

Western Cloverbelt

Altoona 60, Stanley-Boyd 59: Micah Burch had 19 points as the Rails stormed back
for the win.

Fall Creek 62, Thorp 53 (OT): Cameron Folkers hit a 3 with 34 seconds left in
regulation for the Crickets, who trailed by eight with two minutes left, to tie
the game.

The Cardinals held for the last shot which didn't fall, and Fall Creek's Matt
Anderson took over, scoring seven of his 18 points in the extra period.

McDonell 65, Cadott 36: Sam Sorensen had 16 points and Sam Bleskachek added 12
points and 10 boards for the Macks.

Nonconference

Menomonie 49, Superior 40: Hayden Swartz had 12 points and Nate Stanley added 10
for the Mustangs.

Dunn-St. Croix

Colfax 56, Spring Valley 44: Zac Webster had a game-high 28 points for the
Cardinals, but Ethin Kiekhafer and Sawyer DeMoe combined for 30 to lead the
Vikings.

Heart O'North

Bloomer 40, Spooner 30: Colton Seibel led the Blackhawks with 15 points while
Levi Hanson paced the Rails with 13.

GIRLS BASKETBALL

Nonconference

Chippewa Falls 59, Holmen 36: Brenna Roshell had 14 points and 10 rebounds to
lead the Cards.

Elk Mound 68, McDonell 42: Madeline Pitts hit six 3-pointers and finished with
22 points to lead the Mounders.

Eleva-Strum 57, Osseo-Fairchild 35: Kara Enos scored 29 points and a strong
defensive effort helped the Cardinals hold off the Chieftains.

Dunn-St. Croix

St. Croix Central 59, Elmwood 24: Emma Landry scored 30 points to lead the
Panthers.

Dairyland

Alma Center Lincoln 58, Blair-Taylor 53 (OT): The Hornets' Mikayla Simmons broke
her own school record with 39 points.

BOYS HOCKEY

Big Rivers

Memorial 5, Menomonie 4: The Old Abes outshot the Mustangs 40-18.

Jace Cseter and Zach Redner scored in a third-period rally for Menomonie.

River Falls 8, North 2: Hunter Dolan had three goals and an assist while Mason
Woiwode scored twice and added two assists for the Wildcats.

Hudson 4, Chippewa Falls 2: Ryan Swenson and Josh Flaig scored for the
Cardinals.

___ (c)2014 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140207-EW-Prep-roundup-Feb-6-Murphy-exploits
-Chi-Hi-s-D-for-51-0207-20140207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2014 The Leader-Telegram


                              259 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 15, 2013 Friday

College hoops: Blue Devils look to exploit matchups

BYLINE: Adam Smith, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 422 words


Nov. 15--DURHAM -- Being undersized in the post doesn't have to be a detriment
for Duke, even when the Blue Devils choose to go smaller minus starter Amile
Jefferson in the frontcourt.

Through two games, those situations have produced some of Duke's most
free-flowing moments when forwards Jabari Parker and Rodney Hood have been
placed in isolations as initiators on offense.

"We try to put those two guys in different spots on the court where they can use
their offensive abilities," coach Mike Krzyzewski said. "Not just call a play,
but call a set and go out there and get it, and then go to work from there. We
have guys out there that can hit a 3, so you can't just play off."

Indeed, those become tough predicaments for defenses, with either Parker or Hood
-- both 6-foot-8, talented and versatile -- attacking off the dribble from out
high or receiving feeds at the corners of the free-throw line (the elbows).

From that high post area, several options come into play for the forwards. They
can pivot and take face-up jumpers or drive the lane or kick passes to shooters
spotting up on the wings.

Parker is the nation's leading freshman scorer on the young season after
delivering 22 points against Davidson and 27 points against Kansas, an average
of 24.5 per game.

But more than his star power and Hood's diverse ability -- he's supplying 16.5
points, six rebounds and three assists per game -- their efficiency and
decision-making are keys in turning those isolated sets into crisp possessions.

"If we're sharp in our movements, if we're precise, we're hard to guard. I think
that's the biggest thing," Hood said. "When we go from the elbow, we've got
different plays that we can run through that. Sometimes we might rip through and
go. Sometimes we might look for a dribble handoff. Sometimes it might be a ball
screen."

Forcing things hasn't been an issue so far. Parker and Hood are shooting a
combined 63 percent (29-for-46) from the field and 71.4 percent (10-for-14) from
3-point range.

Tip-off

Who: Florida Atlantic (1-1) at No. 4 Duke (1-1)

When: 7 tonight

Where: Cameron Indoor Stadium, Durham

Series: First meeting

Tip-in: Mike Jarvis is in his sixth season as Florida Atlantic's coach. He was
the St. John's coach in February 2000, when St. John's was responsible for
Duke's last loss at home to a non-conference opponent. Duke has won 102 straight
non-league games at home since then.

___ (c)2013 Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) Visit Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) at
www.thetimesnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131115-BT-College-hoops-Blue-Devils-look-to-exploit
-matchups-1115-20131115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2013 Times-News


                              260 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 12, 2010 Thursday

EDITORIAL: A senate candidate seeks to exploit a tragedy for votes

BYLINE: The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 676 words


Aug. 12--Just when it looked as if political advertising couldn't get more
tasteless, along comes a series of TV commercials that seek to promote the
fortunes of a U.S. Senate candidate by exploiting the murder of a police officer
and the death sentence given his killer. The commercials, for Republican U.S.
Senate candidate Kelly Ayotte, cheapen political discourse in the state far
beyond the sniping of conventional attack ads.

She's hardly holding back. These ads have been on the air for several weeks in
various lengths. They sometimes run twice an hour during Channel 9's evening
newscast. Staged like a crime drama, they open with a nighttime city scene. A
hushed voice tells us that it's October of 2006 and "Michael Briggs, a decorated
Manchester police officer, had been murdered." Then follows an explanation of
the structure of the criminal justice system. A Manchester detective explains
that it was the police department's job to catch the killer and "it was Kelly
Ayotte's job to bring him to justice." True enough. Ayotte was New Hampshire's
attorney general at the time.

The police officer's widow then says that Ayotte showed "real leadership," and
the announcer, now on a first-name basis, says, "Kelly won a conviction and a
death sentence."

The ad ends with a picture of Ayotte and Briggs' widow sitting side by side on a
couch. Pursuant to electoral rules, Ayotte tells viewers that she approves of
the message.

But just what is the message? With smarmy intensity, the ads suggest that the
pending execution is not only admirable, but also a reason to send Ayotte to the
Senate. Yet if Michael Briggs' killer is eventually put to death, his execution
will be the first here since 1939. There must be a reason for that. Perhaps it's
because New Hampshire has a life-without-parole statute that keeps killers out
of society without making them famous, and without the costs associated with
executions. For now, no death chamber has been constructed. The condemned man's
appeals have barely begun. And the expense of carrying out an execution can
range well into the millions of dollars. So this case is sure to be
controversial on economic grounds alone.

Then there are the ethical and moral issues. Although many people believe in the
philosophy of an eye for an eye, others take the Sixth Commandment seriously. On
practical grounds, some people fear that state killings serve to cheapen the
value of life and can lead to more murders. That's why the Legislature voted to
repeal capital punishment several years ago, a vote vetoed by then-governor
Jeanne Shaheen. Last year, the House again voted against the death penalty, but
the Senate did not go along. Currently, a special study commission is examining
all aspects of capital punishment in New Hampshire. Its report is expected by
year's end.

Kelly Ayotte is free to celebrate whatever aspects of her life and career she
wants to, as part of her Senate campaign. And she has decided to use this
delicate matter to further her political prospects. Polls indicate that a
majority of New Hampshire residents support capital punishment. This is
particularly true of Republicans. We can only speculate whether TV ads can
transfer that support into votes, and how it will hold up if we begin strapping
people down and killing them, at great public expense.

For now, let us simply note that these television commercials do not really tell
us anything about capital punishment. Nor do they tell us anything about Michael
Briggs, the fallen police officer who deserves better. For good or ill, however,
they do tell us a lot about Kelly Ayotte.

To see more of The Keene Sentinel, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sentinelsource.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100812-KN-EDITORIAL-A-senate-candidate-seeks-to-exploit
-a-tragedy-for-votes-20100812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                                 Copyright 2010


                              261 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            April 18, 2009 Saturday

Bouton's lesson on success;
Book offered insight that roguishness, ability not mutually exclusive

BYLINE: Vit Wagner, Toronto Star

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E04

LENGTH: 606 words


Although I've moved on to more challenging literary terrain in the 38 summers
since I first read Ball Four, Jim Bouton's baseball expose left as enduring an
impression as the more serious works.

As a 13-year-old with parallel passions for sports and reading, it was the first
time they collided with kinetic force. Here was a book about a subject I loved,
written in a way that made me feel like a chaw-spewing, dugout-savvy insider.
And much of it was flat-out hilarious.

Bouton infuriated the baseball fraternity by sharing secrets from his career as
a pitcher with the New York Yankees, the Houston Astros and the Seattle Pilots,
during that expansion franchise's one and only year (it decamped to Milwaukee,
reincarnated as the Brewers). The tell-all book has become de rigueur these
days, yet it is easy to forget that in 1970, spilling the beans about what went
on off the field simply wasn't done.

Far from being chagrined to learn that my sports heroes were profane, drunken,
skirt-chasing louts - come to think of it, traits shared by many authors I came
to admire - Bouton's descriptions of his colleagues' more unbecoming exploits
somehow made these sultans of swat loom even more gigantic in my adolescent
estimation.

You mean Mickey Mantle pinch-hit a home run when he was so hung over he could
barely see straight? Whoa.

Then there were all those nasty, even childish little pranks they played on each
other. There was a reason they weren't called the Men of Summer.

Ball Four cured me of any lingering temptation to regard pro athletes as role
models. This useful instruction applied equally as well to Jimmy Page of Led
Zeppelin as it did to any of the battle-scarred combatants on my favourite
teams, the Baltimore Orioles and the St. Louis Blues, upon whose exploits so
much of my daily equanimity depended.

No, that's not quite right. What I learned from Bouton was that on those
occasions when my behaviour did resemble that of a reckless rocker or
misbehaving sports star, there was no one to blame but yours truly.

This is not to say that Ball Four is a literary masterpiece, or even the
greatest baseball book ever written. It certainly doesn't rank as my favourite
sports book. That distinction belongs to The Fight, Norman Mailer's masterful
account of the 1974 "Rumble in the Jungle" in Zaire between Muhammad Ali and the
rope-a-doped George Foreman.

But Ball Four provided an early and enduring insight into the notion that
roguishness and transcendent ability are not mutually exclusive traits.

It's possible to applaud the seeing-eye single without vouching for the moral
character of the batter who deftly executed it - just as it's possible to love a
masterpiece written by an egomaniacal bully you probably wouldn't have wanted
for a father.

THE POETRY OF BASEBALL

From Torontonian and Blue Jay diehard Kevin Connolly's collection Revolver
(House of Anansi), one of three Canadian finalists for this year's Griffin
Poetry Prize, to be announced in June. "I Really Need Ted Lilly to Throw the
Hook"

We're up two and I'm sick to death of losing.

It's Posada, never an easy out, but the hook

Is there for Lilly. It's the seventh and his old team,

the 250-million-dollar Yankees, have beaten the

shit out of us all week. Faced with a real

pitcher, they're driving up the count,

knowing it's Speier or Lightenburg or Frasor

to follow, who never seemed to get a call, or

forgot how to pitch the minute they put on the

stupid new uniform. High fastball ... strike. Change,

down the shoot, whiff. Fastball, fishing, off the plate.

And now I really need Ted Lilly to throw the hook.

It changes nothing, but it's suddenly more important now.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Tim Boyle NEWSMAKERS Jim Bouton infuriated the baseball fraternity by
sharing secrets from his career as a major-league pitcher.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2009 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              262 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 22, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Kimes, Son Get Life Sentence in L.A. Murder

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: A Section; A04

LENGTH: 354 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES March 21


--  Sante Kimes and her son, Kenneth, whose con-artist exploits have been the
subject of several books and a TV movie, were sentenced to life in prison
without parole Monday for the 1998 murder of a family friend and business
associate.

Sante Kimes, 71, who also has been convicted of the 2000 murder of New York
socialite Irene Silverman, was found guilty in July of ordering Kenneth Kimes to
shoot Los Angeles business associate David Kazdin, who was about to expose their
scheme to take a $280,000 loan in his name.

Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell called Sante Kimes "one
of the most evil individuals" she had met during 16 years on the bench. The
judge said Kimes had "brutalized and dominated" her son and "has a unique
ability to recognize the weaknesses, the avarice and the flaws in other human
beings and exploit them."

In a plea agreement, Kenneth Kimes, 29, pleaded guilty in June to the murder of
Kazdin and testified against his mother in a bid to avoid a potential death
sentence for them both.

Sante Kimes, described during the trial as a manipulative con artist, was
portrayed by Mary Tyler Moore in the 2001 made-for-TV movie "Like Mother, Like
Son."

Sante Kimes denied killing Kazdin and again proclaimed her innocence on Monday,
telling the court from a wheelchair that jailhouse doctors said she did not
need: "We are innocent. I object. I object. I object. This is one of the worst
criminal obstructions in U.S. history."

The duo are already serving sentences of more than 100 years each for killing
Silverman, 82, in 2000 so they could take over her mansion. The judge said it
was up to the Los Angeles and New York authorities to work out where they would
serve their jail time.

In the Los Angeles case, Kenneth Kimes testified that he went to Kazdin's home
and shot him in the back of the head. His body was later found in a trash bin
near Los Angeles International Airport. Kimes said his mother planned the
murder.

Kenneth Kimes also said he and his mother were involved in the murders of
Silverman and an Arab banker who went missing in the Bahamas in 1996.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              263 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                          December 28, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to International Business Machines Corporation on
December 27, 2016 titled as "Methods of cache preloading on a partition or a
context switch"

LENGTH: 212 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,529,723 on December 27, 2016, to International Business Machines Corporation
titled as "Methods of cache preloading on a partition or a context switch"

Inventors: Cain, III; Harold W. (Katonah, NY), Srinivasan; Vijayalakshmi (New
York, NY), Zebchuk; Jason (Toronto, CA)


Assignee: International Business Machines Corporation (Armonk, NY)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
scheme referred to as a "Region-based cache restoration prefetcher" (RECAP) is
employed for cache preloading on a partition or a context switch. The RECAP
exploits spatial locality to provide a bandwidth-efficient prefetcher to reduce
the "cold" cache effect caused by multiprogrammed virtualization. The RECAP
groups cache blocks into coarse-grain regions of memory, and predicts which
regions contain useful blocks that should be prefetched the next time the
current virtual machine executes. Based on these predictions, and using a simple
compression technique that also exploits spatial locality, the RECAP provides a
robust prefetcher that improves performance without excessive bandwidth overhead
or slowdown."

The patent was filed on July 27, 2015 Application No. 14/809,631


LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                             March 4, 2017 Saturday

SAP SE applies for US Patent titled as "Automated Security Vulnerability Exploit
Tracking on Social Media"

LENGTH: 267 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170061133 for US Patent, published on February 27, 2017, by
SAP SE, titled as "Automated Security Vulnerability Exploit Tracking on Social
Media"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Trabelsi; Slim; (Biot, FR)

Applicant: SAP SE

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Embodiments automate tracking of exploit information related to
initially-identified security vulnerabilities, through the data mining of social
networks. Certain social network communities (e.g., those frequented by hackers)
share information about computer security breaches (zero-day events).
Embodiments recognize that further relevant security information may be
revealed, in conjunction with and/or subsequent to such initial zero-day
vulnerability disclosures. That additional information can include valuable
details regarding known (or unknown) vulnerabilities, exploit codes and
methodologies, patches, etc. Tracking that additional information can benefit
security researchers/experts/law enforcement personnel. Embodiments monitoring
social media traffic based upon initial security vulnerability information,
perform analysis to detect patterns and create relevant keywords therefrom.
Those keywords in turn form a basis for generating social media stream(s)
responsible for harvesting additional security-relevant data. Results of further
analysis of the social media stream can be fed back in an iterative manner to
refine pattern detection, keyword creation, and media stream generation."


LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             April 19, 2005 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Baghdad Ujjal

BYLINE: Rick Fuschi, National Post

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 164  words


Re: Hands Off Medicare, Ujjal Dosanjh, April 18.

In cataloguing the Liberals' imagined exploits in the field of health care
Canada's Health Minister Ujjal Dosanjh borrows a page from Baghdad Bob, the
celebrated Iraqi information minister.

He too spoke of the incredible exploits and leadership of another failing
regime, just before its fall.

What Mr. Dosanjh does not wish to see, from his wonderland world of health care,
is the 100,000 people a year who have no choice but to jump borders for the
immediate help they need. Or the 4,000 Windsor nurses who have been lured to
Detroit for employment. Or the ever-lengthening waiting lists. Or the continuing
erosion of doctor availability.

Mr. Dosanjh and the rest of his crowd are standing amidst the rubble of a
crumbling edifice, with the bricks of its inadequacy falling all around him, as
he claims to defend its integrity. Step one in reviving our failing health care
is to remove its current Liberal curators.

Rick Fuschi, Windsor, Ont.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                           September 23, 2016 Friday
                               Telegraph3 Edition

It's a Buddy good month

BYLINE: NEIL CORDY

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 101

LENGTH: 448  words


September exploits fast becoming legendary

NEW York Yankees slugger Reggie Jackson was dubbed "Mr October" for his exploits
in the baseball World Series.

Michael Jordan earned the nickname "Mr June" in honour of the month he dominated
to win six NBA championships.

Now Lance Franklin is well on his way to claiming the title of "Mr September".
Franklin will knock on the door of history against Geelong tonight as he returns
to his favourite stage, the MCG, for his 14th final at the famous venue.

Another four goals in the preliminary final will move Franklin into outright
fifth on the finals goalkicking list, moving him past greats Gary Ablett snr,
Alistair Lynch, Doug Wade and Stephen Kernahan.

Franklin eclipsed Wayne Carey and Billy Brownless with his four-goal haul
against Adelaide at the SCG last week and moved within striking distance of
Hawthorn greats Leigh Matthews (72) and Jason Dunstall (78). Only Gordon
Coventry's 111 goals looks out of reach.

Eighty in a season is considered the new 100 these days as kicking bags of goals
in modern footy is proving much harder against different tactics and -defensive
structures.

In pressure-cooker finals matches, it's even tougher.

But Franklin still averages 3.4 goals per game from his 19 September outings.
None of the current champions get near him. Nick Reiwoldt is the closest,
averaging 2.41 goals, while Franklin's old Hawks teammate Jarryd Roughead is
next at 2.21.

Even mercurial GWS Giant Steve Johnson kicks only 1.61 goals per finals game.
Franklin inherited his No. 23 guernsey from an equally famous Hawk in Dermott
Brereton. Brereton said Buddy's dominance could be attributed to his physical
prowess.

"He's the best athlete to ever play AFL," Brereton said.

"He's a 199cm running machine with huge endurance and happens to be 107kg and
can kick it out of sight." Brereton kicked 53 goals in his 26 finals matches for
the Hawks, which included five winning grand finals and a losing one in 1985 -
when he booted eight majors. He said Franklin's good health and form would have
him thinking he can dominate tonight.

"He'll be thinking, 'I'm ready for it, I'm the man and I don't think I can be
beaten'," Brereton said.

"Buddy's body is right and he believes he's the linchpin and he'll be hoping
they throw the best player they have at him." That player will almost certainly
be veteran Geelong -defender Tom Lonergan, who has done well on Franklin in
recent outings - including in round 16 when he held him to just one goal.

"Lonergan isn't as slow as people think," Brereton said.

"He has long arms and likes to play from behind."Geelong help Lonergan out by
putting extra numbers -behind the footy with Corey Enright peeling off."

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Telegraph


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                           September 23, 2016 Friday
                               Telegraph Edition

A BUDDY GOOD MONTH

BYLINE: NEIL CORDY

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 101

LENGTH: 449  words


Franklin's finals exploits fast becoming legendary

NEW York Yankees slugger Reggie Jackson was dubbed "Mr October" for his exploits
in the baseball World Series.

Michael Jordan earned the nickname "Mr June" in honour of the month he dominated
to win six NBA championships.

Now Lance Franklin is well on his way to claiming the title of "Mr September".
Franklin will knock on the door of history against Geelong tonight as he returns
to his favourite stage, the MCG, for his 14th final at the famous venue.

Another four goals in the preliminary final will move Franklin into outright
fifth on the finals goalkicking list, moving him past greats Gary Ablett snr,
Alistair Lynch, Doug Wade and Stephen Kernahan.

Franklin eclipsed Wayne Carey and Billy Brownless with his four-goal haul
against Adelaide at the SCG last week and moved within striking distance of
Hawthorn greats Leigh Matthews (72) and Jason Dunstall (78). Only Gordon
Coventry's 111 goals looks out of reach.

Eighty in a season is considered the new 100 these days as kicking bags of goals
in modern footy is proving much harder against different tactics and defensive
structures.

In pressure-cooker finals matches, it's even tougher.

But Franklin still averages 3.4 goals per game from his 19 September outings.
None of the current champions get near him. Nick Reiwoldt is the closest,
averaging 2.41 goals, while Franklin's old Hawks teammate Jarryd Roughead is
next at 2.21.

Even mercurial GWS Giant Steve Johnson kicks only 1.61 goals per finals game.
Franklin inherited his No. 23 guernsey from an equally famous Hawk in Dermott
Brereton. Brereton said Buddy's dominance could be attributed to his physical
prowess.

"He's the best athlete to ever play AFL," Brereton said.

"He's a 199cm running machine with huge endurance and happens to be 107kg and
can kick it out of sight." Brereton kicked 53 goals in his 26 finals matches for
the Hawks, which included five winning grand finals and a losing one in 1985 -
when he booted eight majors. He said Franklin's good health and form would have
him thinking he can dominate tonight.

"He'll be thinking, 'I'm ready for it, I'm the man and I don't think I can be
beaten'," Brereton said.

"Buddy's body is right and he believes he's the linchpin and he'll be hoping
they throw the best player they have at him." That player will almost certainly
be veteran Geelong defender Tom Lonergan, who has done well on Franklin in
recent outings - including in round 16 when he held him to just one goal.

"Lonergan isn't as slow as people think," Brereton said.

"He has long arms and likes to play from behind."Geelong help Lonergan out by
putting extra numbers behind the footy with Corey Enright peeling off."

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Telegraph


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 2, 2008 Thursday

Tipp's Murray medalist at sectional golf tournament

BYLINE: ALEX SATOR HERE AND THERE

SECTION: TROY AND TIPP CITY; Pg. RA-8

LENGTH: 633 words


Golfer Laura Murray is very good at what she does. For the second straight year,
the Tippecanoe High School sophomore was medalist at the sectional tournament.

She shot a 77 to take first-place honors at the Division II girls sectional
Sept. 25 at the Pipestone Golf Club in Miamisburg.

This was the first season the girls high school tournament has been split into
two divisions. Last year, when there was only one division, she shot an 80 at
Beechwood in Arcanum for top honors.

She went on to qualify for state meet on the Ohio State Gray course in Columbus.
At state, she had backto-back round of 82 to finish in a tie for 20th.

Murray and her Tipp teammates played in the D-II district at the Heatherwood
course in Springboro on Wednesday, Oct. 1, hoping to get to state as a team.

They were second in the sectional with a 354 team total. Alter won it, shooting
a 349.

After Murray's 77, junior Megan Swan shot an 81, senior Catherine Reed an 83,
sophomore Taylor Cook a 113 and junior Erika Asher a 135.

Tipp won the Central Buckeye Conference tournament earlier this season. Swan was
the CBC medalist with a 69.

Exploits not unnoticed

Murray's exploits haven't gone unnoticed by college coaches. She has been one of
the better age-group golfers in the Midwest for several years, playing well in
regional and national tournaments.

"No one is allowed to even talk to me," she laughed. "It's all because of my age
and rules and stuff. But the coach of the University of Illinois talks to coach
(Mike) Moore, like, once a month. I get a lot of mail, too. It all seems a
little strange, but I want to go to college and I want to play tennis - and it
is nice to be wanted."

Has she decided on a major?

"No, I'm just a kid," Murray said. "I just want to be a golfer."

Her parents, Scott and Tracy Murray, encouraged her to play and provided her
with opportunities to learn. For example, last summer she attended Ohio State's
golf camp and worked with Emma Jandel, the Buckeyes' team captain and a state
champion while at Oakwood High School.

The rest of her summer involved playing a series of American Junior Golf
Association invitational tournaments. That's pretty much what she has always
done and she believes that is why she is as good as she is.

"(Murray) has a really good short game," Moore said. "When she is hitting greens
she responds by making putts. She really gets up and down."

Swan, Reed consistent

Swan has been almost as consistent as Murray. She has had the low round in
several matches and shot a round of 70 earlier in the year before shooting the
69 at Liberty Hills in Bellefontaine to win the conference,

"Megan's sister, Nikki Swan, was a great player here at Tippecanoe and now she
is playing college golf at Oakland State University (Michigan)," Moore said.
"Megan has already broken all of her records.

"Catherine Reed is easily my most consistent player. She is a senior and in all
of those years of playing here she has only lost three dual-meet matches. A
coach can't ask for much more than that."

Perhaps not, but if he were in the wishing mood he might be thinking about a
fourth quality player, because in OHSAA match scoring the lowest sum total of
the four best scores wins.

"There is little doubt that we will only go as far as that fourth player can
take us," Moore said. "We have several kids with a shot at helping us, but it
doesn't do us any good to be shooting in the 30s and 40s only to have to accept
a 60 from the fourth spot.

"We need someone to emerge."

The leading candidate is Cook.

"(Cook) just picked up golf this summer," Moore said. "When we got her she was
shooting in the 80s. Recently she has been in the 40s a couple of times.

"If we can get some consistency out of her - which is really more than we can
really ask of her at this point - then we could be really good."

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              269 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Telegraph (Australia)

                             August 11, 2013 Sunday
                               1 - State Edition

Mark muscles up for gritty role

BYLINE: Donna Walker-Mitchell

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 135

LENGTH: 761  words


He's one of Hollywood's highest-paid actors but his road to riches was potholed
with tough times, Donna Walker-Mitchell writes

Mark Wahlberg was in familiar territory playing the charismatic, death row-bound
con artist, kidnapper and murderer Daniel Lugo in the new comedy crime drama
Pain & Gain.

``Have I known people like Danny Lugo?'' the 42-year-old actor, wearing a
baseball cap, jeans and a white T-shirt, asks from a couch in a Miami hotel
suite while discussing his days as a hood growing up in a tough area of Boston.

Wahlberg smiles and nods.

``I knew a lot of crazy people back then and I still know a lot of crazy
people,'' he says. ``I have friends who are in jail for the rest of their lives.
I have known a lot of unsavoury characters.''

Pain & Gain is based on the real life exploits of the fast-talking Lugo, a
personal trainer who managed Miami's Sun Gym but craved the good life.

Lugo, played by Wahlberg, wanted everything his high-flying clients had -- the
girls, luxury cars, mansions and money -- but didn't want to waste time working
hard to get them.

With the help of fellow Sun Gym trainer Adrian ``Noel'' Doorbal (played by
Anthony Mackie) and ex-con Paul Doyle (Dwayne Johnson), Lugo formed a gang that
kidnapped, murdered, brutalised and extorted victims in order to get their piece
of what they perceived as the American dream. The gang's exploits were detailed
in a series of compelling 1999 articles in the Miami New Times by journalist
Pete Collins, which Hollywood director Michael Bay used as the source for Pain &
Gain.

Lugo and Doorbal were sentenced to death in 1998 after being convicted of
murder, kidnapping, racketeering and other charges. They remain on death row in
Florida.

``For whatever reason, they were convinced that you can just take it as opposed
to going out there and earning it and doing it the hard way with blood, sweat
and tears, which is the only way to do it,'' Wahlberg says.

Hard work was a lesson the star learned while growing up in the Dorchester
neighbourhood of Boston with eight older siblings.

``I knew early on in my life that you had to work for it,'' he says.

``Sometimes when I'd go out and I took something, sometimes I would get away
with it and then other times I'd get caught. I knew I had to go out there, work
hard and earn it instead. That's the thing -- when you work hard and earn it, it
feels so good. You respect it, you appreciate it, you take good care of it.''

Today Wahlberg is one of Hollywood's highest paid actors and a successful
producer, but he achieved that against the odds.

At 13 he was addicted to cocaine and by 17 he was sentenced to two years' jail
for assaulting a man, leaving the victim permanently blind in one eye. While
sitting in his cell, Wahlberg knew he wanted his life to change for the better.

``When I went to jail, that was a wake-up call for me, certainly,'' he says. ``I
got there and I knew this is not what I wanted out of my life. I thought `OK,
let me start turning this around'.

``Certainly now that I have a beautiful family, I have all the more reason to
stay focused and stay on the right path.''

Based in Los Angeles, Wahlberg married model Rhea Durham in 2009 at the Good
Shepherd Catholic Church in Beverly Hills, California.

They have four children, two boys and two girls, aged three to nine.

Failing as a father is not an option for the former model and rapper, as he
strives to raise his children with respect without being too spoiled.

``I work so hard to make sure I give them all the things I never had, but I also
want them to understand and appreciate things and be respectful and kind to
people,'' he says. ``If I succeed in business and I fail as a father, it's all
for nothing.''

Prior to reading the script for Pain & Gain, the actor hadn't heard about the
crimes committed by Lugo and his recruits and during filming, Wahlberg --
despite his own tough guy past -- found himself amazed at the bizarre world he
was portraying.

``You're seeing a true story from the point of view of the criminals,'' he says.
``They weren't the brightest guys in the world. They did bad things and they
paid for those mistakes.''

Wahlberg, who has starred in films such as Boogie Nights, The Departed and The
Fighter, says turning 40 was a big milestone.

``Once I turned 40, I stopped giving a s . . .,'' he laughs.

``I have two daughters and we recently went to a tea party with (Disney
princess) Sophia the First so that was pretty great. It's all about getting the
balance right in life and I've got it pretty good.''

>>Pain & Gain is now showing. See review page 138

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STE


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Daily Times-Call (Longmont Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 10, 2012 Tuesday

Longmont police arrest two suspected of using Facebook to exploit children

BYLINE: Pierrette J. Shields, Daily Times-Call, Longmont, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 312 words


Jan. 10--LONGMONT -- Longmont police over the weekend arrested two men suspected
of using Facebook to access young girls for sexual conversations and activities.

Kyle Damato, 21, was arrested on the 500 block of Utica Court in Boulder, where
he believed he was going to pick up a 12-year-old girl for sexual activity,
police said.

After a mother in North Carolina contacted Longmont Police and turned over
conversations Damato and her 12-year-old daughter had on the social networking
site, Longmont Police Detective Victoria Bellah posed as the girl on Facebook
and sent Damato a friend request on Dec. 19, police reported.

Within days, Damato was sending sexually explicit messages to the detective's
account and

arranged to meet the girl in Boulder. When he arrived, police arrested Damato on
suspicion of Internet sexual exploitation of a child and two counts of attempted
child sexual assault, according to police.

In a second case, a Longmont woman asked police to help her retrieve her
14-year-old daughter from a 24-year-old man's home on the 600 block of Elliot
Street early Sunday morning.

The girl told officers she met Evan Gotzmer on Facebook four to five months ago
and they struck up a friendship that involved sexual behavior.

Gotzmer was arrested on suspicion of felony contributing to the delinquency of a
minor, sexual assault on a child, enticement of a child, Internet luring of a
child, dispensing marijuana to a person younger than 15, and possession of less
than 1 ounce of marijuana.

Both men are due in court Wednesday for filing of charges. Damato is being held
on a $35,000 bond and Gotzmer is being held on a $25,000 bond.

Pierrette J. Shields can be reached at 303-684-5273 or pshields@times-call.com

___ (c)2012 the Daily Times-Call (Longmont, Colo.) Visit the Daily Times-Call
(Longmont, Colo.) at www.timescall.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120110-1LC-Longmont-police-arrest-two-suspected-of-using-Facebook-to-
exploit-children-0110-20120110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LC


                        Copyright 2012 Daily Times-Call


                              271 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 8, 2008 Wednesday

PALIN RIPS BARACK AS A LIAR; FUROR OVER SOC. SEC.

BYLINE: CARL CAMPANILE

SECTION: Metro+Sports Extra; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 466 words


Pit bull Sarah Palin took another bite out of Barack Obama yesterday -  claiming
the Illinois Democrat is a fear-mongering liar unfit to be commander-in-chief.

"This election is about the truthfulness and judgment needed in our next
president. John McCain has it. Barack Obama doesn't," the Republican
vice-presidential candidate said while stumping in Jacksonville, Fla.

Palin charged that Obama lied to Florida retirees about McCain's Social Security
plan and has sought to exploit the Wall Street economic crisis for political
gain.

Obama and Democrats have been wooing senior voters by putting heat on McCain's
proposal to allow taxpayers to put a portion of their Social Security payroll
taxes into the stock market.

The plan is strictly voluntary, but the Obama camp has run ads saying McCain
would "privatize" Supplemental Security Income at a time when stocks are
plummeting.

"No presidential election cycle is complete without the Democratic candidate
coming down here to Florida to stir up fear and panic on this issue," Palin
said.

"And if you expected any better from the guy who promised to get rid of
'old-style politics,' you're in for a disappointment -  because Barack Obama has
exploited this issue the way he exploits so many others."

She also defended McCain's health-care plan, which provides a $5,000 tax credit
to allow families to choose their own insurance instead of relying only on
employers.

But Obama has homed in on another element of McCain's plan -  taxing health-care
benefits -  which, he claims, would "crush" small businesses by raising costs
for employers.

Palin yesterday also continued to hammer Obama about his association with 1960s
Weather Underground terrorist William Ayers.

Obama held a political event at Ayers' Chicago house in 1995, when the candidate
first ran for public office.

Obama political adviser David Axelrod told reporters Monday that Obama initially
had not been aware of Ayers' past as a violent radical.

"Wait a minute. He didn't know that he had launched his political career in the
living room of a domestic terrorist?" Palin asked.

"What next? Will he claim he's just learned that tax increases on small
businesses kill jobs," she said, referring to Obama's proposed income-tax hikes
aimed at employers.

Obama and McCain also flung mud as they prepared for their debate by releasing
attack ads.

Obama's 30-second spot slams the 72-year-old McCain as "out of ideas, out of
touch and running out of time."

It says that McCain is trying to smear him with character assassinations to
steer discussion away from the economic crisis.

McCain's ad calls Obama a hypocrite for distorting the Arizona Republican's
record on Social Security and health care.

"Barack Obama -  he promised better. He lied," the announcer says.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BARING HER TEETH: Sarah Palin flashes a smile before going on the
attack in Jacksonville, Fla., yesterday. The vice-presidential candidate accused
Barack Obama of exploiting economic panic among the state's retirees. (AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                           January 11, 2014 Saturday
                               Advertiser Edition

Eiffel Tower tour of duty

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 76

LENGTH: 336  words


WILLIAM OVERSTREET JR WWII pilot Born: 1921; Clifton Forge, Virginia, US Died:
December 29, 2013; Roanoke, Virginia

BILL Overstreet came to fame for an exploit over Paris in the spring of 1944
that gave heart to Parisians after years of occupation.

The occasion was a dogfight between Bill, in his P51C fighter plane and a German
Messerschmitt Bf 109G. The fight had turned into a chase flying low over the
Nazi-occupied city where heavy flak was directed at Bill's plane.

Bill had hit the Messerschmitt's engine, and in desperation the pilot, who is
not identified, made a daring and reckless move by flying beneath the arches of
the Eiffel Tower.

Bill decided to follow, putting him in a position to shoot down the
Messerschmitt - one of his two and a half credited kills of the war - before
escaping by flying low along the Seine.

While the actual details of the encounter remain sketchy, the impact of the
event in Paris and in France was recognised after the war. In 2009, 65 years
after the event, Bill was presented with France's highest honour, the Legion of
Honour, by the French ambassador to the US. The French Resistance movement had
been heartened by the exploit in the run-up to the Normandy landings.

Bill flew more than 100 missions during the war and was himself shot down three
times.

Studying as an accountant, Bill had joined the Air Corps as a private after
Pearl Harbor, hoping to become a pilot.

He was trained as a pilot in California in 1942, and stories of his antics
abound, as do stories of his various crashes and near misses. He saw service
mainly as bomber escort, flying as far as Russia on missions.

After the war he settled down in Virginia as a chartered accountant, having a
successful career with many US Senators among his clients. He also worked free
for various charities as an accountant.

Unlike many veterans, he was happy to speak at public events about his exploits
during the war.These were legion, and included loading his ammunition trays with
contraband on one of his bomber escorts.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           February 22, 2001 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

BRIEFS

SECTION: NEWS; In Brief Overseas; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 517 words


Putin's exploits rift on missile defence

MOSCOW

President Vladimir Putin moved on Tuesday to exploit the increasing rift between
the United States and some of its NATO allies over global security by proposing
an anti-missile defence system tailored to protect Europe but not North America.
Although the plan was handed to NATO Secretary-General Lord George Robertson, Mr
Putin stressed that it was supposed to guarantee the safety not so much of the
Atlantic alliance but "the entire European Union". The proposals appeared
designed to boost the tension between Washington and such capitals as Paris and
Berlin over an American scheme to erect its own missile defence system, policy
on Iraq and plans for a European Rapid Reaction Force.

Body found after flight from London

SAN FRANCISCO

A body was found in the wheel well of a US Airways jet that landed at San
Francisco International Airport after a flight from London. The unidentified man
was discovered a few minutes after the plane touched down late on Tuesday. The
cause of death was not known. Flight 741 originated at London's Gatwick airport
and made a stop in Pittsburgh before landing in San Francisco.

No bail for White House assault man

WASHINGTON

The man shot outside the White House two weeks ago was ordered held without bond
until his trial on a charge of assaulting a federal officer. US Magistrate Alan
Kay denied requests from Robert Pickett's lawyers that the Indiana man instead
be placed in home detention. "The court finds that he does represent a danger to
this community," Mr Kay said. He delayed a decision on whether Mr Pickett should
be sent to a federal prison for psychiatric evaluation.

Dozing Queen urged to step aside

LONDON

Pictures of Britain's Queen Elizabeth asleep in the back of her car were
splashed in newspapers on Wednesday, prompting suggestions that she should hand
over more royal duties to Prince Charles. The top-selling Sun tabloid put the
headline on its report: "Her Royal Tiredness - Busy Queen Grabs 40 Winks". "Life
can be pretty tiring when one is Queen. She is 75 in April and well past normal
retirement age," it said.

Health fears over Fiji's ex-president

WELLINGTON

Deposed Fiji president Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara, below, was exhausted and resting
in an Auckland hotel and had not suffered a heart attack, Fiji's high
commissioner to New Zealand, Isimeli Bainimara, said yesterday. Media reports in
Fiji had said on Tuesday that the 81-year-old had suffered a heart attack and
was in an Auckland hospital, but Mr Bainimara said in a statement that doctors
had ordered Ratu Mara to rest for two days after three weeks of travel.

Cyclists' crash risk soars with alcohol

CHICAGO

Riding a bicycle after just one alcoholic drink increases the risk of fatal or
serious injury by five times, while five drinks raise that risk 20-fold,
American researchers reported yesterday. Previously published studies had
indicated that about a third of all US bicycle deaths were alcohol-related, but
details of the risk had not been assessed until now, said the study from Johns
Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2001 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday
                              SPORTS EXTRA EDITION

Loot law targets storm scum

BYLINE: Erin Durkin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 134 words


LOWLIFES WHO exploit storm victims will face tougher penalties under a bill
signed Tuesday by Mayor Bloomberg.

The bill, passed by the City Council last month, creates new punishments for
people who commit burglaries, damage property, trespass, impersonate city
officials or commit other crimes during states of emergency like Hurricane
Sandy.

"The city's experience during Hurricane Sandy brought to light the need to
address the fear that many home and business owners feel when directed to
evacuate their premises - the fear that criminals will exploit the situation,"
Bloomberg said.

They'll face up to six months in jail and a $5,000 fine - on top of existing
criminal penalties. That will jump to a year in jail or $10,000 if the crime is
committed in an evacuation zone during a mandatory exacuation.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.


                              275 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Security Research Engineer (Network Security)

LENGTH: 548  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following Job Vacancy:


Job Summary

Company
    Palo Alto Networks
Location
    Santa Clara, CA 95054
Industries
    Computer Hardware
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Years of Experience
    2+[#x200b] to 5 Years
Career Level
    Experienced (Non-Manager)

Security Research Engineer (Network Security)
About the Job


Security Research Engineer

To apply, send your resume to Laura Chiang at
Lchiang@[#x200b]paloaltonetworks.[#x200b]com.[#x200b]

Palo Alto Networks[TM] is a revolutionary and dynamic company creating next
generation network security products.[#x200b] If you are a motivated,
intelligent, creative, and hardworking individual who wants to contribute and
make a difference, this job is for you!

Description:
As a member in the Threat Research Team, you will work on projects related to
vulnerability research, malware Command and Control research and corresponding
IPS solution, and some creative projects to improve next generation security
technology.[#x200b] You will be able to work with the best security researchers
in the industry!

Responsibilities:

Research and create IPS signature for Malware Command and Control network
traffic.[#x200b]
                      Research and create IPS signature for network related
vulnerabilities exploits.[#x200b]
                      Program on Linux and Windows system for some creative
project to improve next generation security technology.[#x200b]

Requirements:

Team player, and good communication skills to work with cross-functional
groups.[#x200b]
                      Understanding of exploit techniques such as
Stack/[#x200b]Heap Buffer Overflows, double-free/[#x200b]use-after-free, format
string.[#x200b]
                      Know the malware command and control traffic and exploit
landing page.[#x200b]
                      Strong Understanding of basic network protocols like HTTP,
FTP, SMTP, SMB etc.[#x200b]
                      Familiar with Windows/[#x200b]Linux development
environment.[#x200b]
                      Excellent C programming skills.[#x200b]

Additional:

Experience with PEN testing tools like Metasploit.[#x200b]
                      Experience with IDS/[#x200b]IPS system like snort.[#x200b]

Company Description

Palo Alto Networks[TM] is the leader in next-generation network security,
enabling unprecedented visibility and granular policy control of applications
and content - by user, not just IP address - at up to 20Gbps with no performance
degradation.[#x200b] Based on patent-pending App-ID[TM] technology, Palo Alto
Networks firewalls accurately identify and control applications - regardless of
port, protocol, evasive tactic or SSL encryption - and scan content to stop
threats and prevent data leakage.[#x200b] Enterprises can for the first time
embrace Web 2.[#x200b]0 and maintain complete visibility and control, while
significantly reducing total cost of ownership through device
consolidation.[#x200b] Our market is the network security market and consists of
enterprises, government entities, and service providers.[#x200b] It is an $11Bn
market globally.[#x200b] Our next-generation network security solutions safely
enable applications, prevent threats, simplify network security infrastructure,
and reduce costs.[#x200b] They do so at high speed and with great
flexibility.[#x200b]

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                           February 23, 2017 Thursday
                              Worcester TG Edition

Brothers to be honored

SECTION: SPORTS; 4

LENGTH: 826 words


Among the Central Massachusetts skiers and snowboarders and others who flock
from Rhode Island and Connecticut to the pre-ski season Warren Millermovies in
Worcester are ski veterans who remember when Massachusetts and American ski
legend Dan Egan hosted the annual event.

And most of them have seen the Warren Miller movie exploits of Egan and his
brother, John, Boston natives who formed a world-famous extreme skiing duo,
starring together in 12 Warren Miller ski movies and making risky first descents
and cliff jumps at extreme mountain locales around the world.

After being inducted last year, the Egan brothers will take their places in the
U.S. Ski and Snowboard Hall of Fame in an induction ceremony April 8 at Stowe,
Vermont. The hall is located on Michigan's Upper Peninsula.

Becoming inducted into the hall is a major accomplishment, considering that 75
percent of the 450 members are Olympic medalists.

"I think the meaning is settling in slowly. We're very proud to be part of that
group," Dan Egan told me by phone from Big Sky, Montana. "And doing it with my
brother. We couldn't have done it without each other. We needed each other to
accomplish this. We each brought something unique to it."

While John competed on national race and freestyle tours, the Egans are not
known for competition, but rather for their movie and big mountain exploits, and
for Dan Egan's marketing talent in selling the mystique of the brothers to the
world.

The extraordinary fraternal partnership lasted about a dozen years, from the
mid-1980s through the 1990s; now the brothers live and work not far from each
other in northern New England ski country, and unite for corporate outings,
fundraisers and other events.

The Egans' modus operandi was to ski one right behind the other down treacherous
lines. One of their most famous movie clips, filmed for Warren Miller at Grand
Targhee, Wyoming, shows Dan inadvertently triggering a massive snow cornice the
size of a three-story building, and John, right behind him, narrowly avoiding
likely death by seeming to turn almost in midair and saving himself. They both
kept skiing.

Dan, a ski guide, journalist, filmmaker and businessman, now lives at Waterville
Valley, New Hampshire, and holds ski camps at Killington in Vermont, where he
also trains the ski school; he also spends four or five weeks a year in France
leading ski expeditions and clinics. John is chief recreation officer at
Sugarbush, also in Vermont.

These days, Dan writes a ski blog for boston.com and hosts a weekly radio show,
"Edging the Xtreme," BDC Radio, boston.com's online radio station.

A Babson College grad, Dan chronicled not only the Egan brothers' fame, but over
the last two decades also has made a name as a respected ski journalist covering
competitions around the world, hosting a long-running Boston TV show, "The Wild
World of Winter," and contributing regularly to the Boston Globe. John, Dan said
with a smile, went to "the University of Sugarbush," and in addition to running
many on-hill activities at the Sugarbush, also owns a construction company.

Dan Egan told me that he considers his journalism as part of the lineage of
Warren Miller-style story-telling. Miller, now 92, was the first major ski movie
director, and is certainly the greatest, inspiring generations of skiers and
snowboarders, and other filmmakers.

A few years into starring in Warren Miller movies, Dan said Miller "took him
under his wing."

"From Warren, I really learned the avocation of the sport, the whole idea of
selling the dream, painting a picture for people, passing on the passion," Dan
said. "In a lot of ways, our early movies were really my first forays into
journalism."

Nordic fun

Coming off the most prodigious snowfall in two years, New England is finally
full of the white stuff, and there's no better time to go do some cross-country
skiing close to home.

Worcester County is studded with dozens of both well-known and sort of secret
X-C spots (including on many parcels owned by the Greater Worcester Land Trust),
and also boasts one of the best cross-country and alpine touring gear shops
around: Eastern Backpacker. Here's just a few places to go:

n Saima Park, part of the Finnish Center at Saima Park in Fitchburg, maintains
more than 15K of groomed trails. This place has a long Nordic skiing history
stemming from its status as the bastion of Finnish culture in Central
Massachusetts. Info: www.samia-park.org

n  Leominster State Forest offers a massive network of cart roads with snow that
often has been packed by snowmobilers, making it ideal for X-C skiing. Info:
goo.gl/yPLdAC

n  Rutland State Park has a nice, though smallish, network of walking trails
that are great for X-C. Info: goo.gl/WjA3gP

n  The Windblown private cross-country area in nearby New Ipswich, New
Hampshire, flaunts 40K of groomed trails. This is a top-notch yet affordable X-C
center. Info: www.windblownxc.com

--Contact Shaun Sutner by e-mail at s_sutner@yahoo.com


LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2017 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

Texas: Texas Attorney General's Office Announces Coalition United Against Human
Trafficking

LENGTH: 298  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Austin: Attorney General of Texas Ken Paxton, The State of Taxas has issued the
following news release:



  The Office of Texas Attorney General today announced a new partnership with
the Texas Trucking Association and Truckers Against Trafficking (TAT).  This
coalition is dedicated to combating human trafficking across the state of Texas
through training of the trucking industry.









 "Through this new partnership, we will help educate members of the trucking
industry in Texas about the signs of human trafficking and how to report it,"
said Attorney General Ken Paxton. "We will not tolerate those who exploit others
for profit. We will continue to fight human traffickers and bring them to
justice."



 "According to the National Human Trafficking Resource Center, Texas is the
number one state where truck drivers are reporting incidents of human
trafficking. As a result, TAT is thankful to be partnering with the Texas
Attorney General's Office on five of our coalition builds in the ensuing
months," said Kendis Paris, executive director of TAT. "We recognize that
traffickers not only exploit victims, but also legitimate businesses for
criminal gain, and it is imperative that law enforcement and trucking industry
stakeholders come together to close loopholes which will aid in the recovery of
those who need it most."



 Texas is the second highest in the nation for number of calls to the National
Human Trafficking Resources Center, and Houston has the highest number of
trafficking victims in the nation. This partnership will help combat human
trafficking in Texas by combining forces with an industry well-equipped to
identify and report these horrific crimes.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 6, 2015 Sunday

Success in Santa Cruz

LENGTH: 567 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Azusa: Azusa Pacific University,The State of California has issued the
following news release:



  Victorious in 12 of the 16 event and qualifying a member of the squad for the
NCAA Championships, the Azusa Pacific swimming and diving squad had reason to
celebrate on Saturday.





 The Cougars had an all-around great meet with UC Santa Cruz during its 196-102
win.



 Highlighting the trip up north was the diving exploits of Kianna Mourer. The
sophomore posted a qualifying score for the NCAA Championship from March 10-14
in Indianapolis, Ind. Mourer won the one-meter event with a six-dive score of
272.40. She followed that up with a three-meter win by scoring 268.60. It is the
second straight season she qualified for the national championships.



 Complete Results (PDF)



 In addition to Mourer's exploits on the boards, Rachel Johns continued to show
solid improvement. The freshman tallied 226. 10 points during the one-meter
event then notched 225.25 points in three-meter. Each score was good to place
second to aid in the Cougars team point total.



 During the swimming portion of the meet the Cougars were dominate. The duo of
Heidi Zuniga and Rosalee Mira Santa Ana each won two individual races to propel
Azusa Pacific. Zuniga put together a solid 200-yard butterfly as she topped
teammate Patrica Lucas by touching the wall in 2:11.46. Zuniga finished her day
with a victory in the 500-yard freestyle race. Not a regular event for the
junior she held off a challenged by the Banana Slug's Kelly Henderson to win the
race in 5:22.58 - just 1.29 seconds faster than Henderson.



 Santa Ana continued her dominance as she won the 200-yard freestyle and
400-yard IM. The sophomore was pushed well by a pair of her freshman teammates
in the 200-yard event before winning in 1:57.65. Abigail Wiet (2:02.50) and
Bailie Carroll (2:04.22) placed second and third respectively. A similar story
unfolded in the 400-yard IM with Santa Ana winning (4:42.45) and fellow Cougars
Syndey Bello (4:52.60) and Lucas (4:58.10) touching the wall in second and
third.



 Bello took a home a first place finish of her own as she won the 1000-yard
freestyle in narrow form. Her time of 11:10.19 was just enough to beat
Henderson's time of 11:10.53. Wiet didn't end the day without a first place
finish despite coming up just short in the 200-yard freestyle. The freshman won
the 200-yard breastroke in 2:31.95 as she continued a streak of winning at least
one event in every dual meet this season. Another freshman, Elodie Poo Cheong,
also continued a solid start to her collegiate career as she won the 100-yard
butterfly with a time of 1:01.02.



 Rounding out the individual victories for Azusa Pacific was the tandem of Erica
Knudsen and Alyse Darnall in the sprint freestyle races. Knudsen touched the
wall in 25.58 to win the 50-yard event while Darnall edged out Knudsen in the
100-yard race with a time of 55.19. Knuden finished second in 55.91.



 The Cougars wrapped up the meet with a victory in the 400-yard freestyle race.
The combination of Knudsen, Carroll, Wiet and Santa Ana won with a time of
3:45.34.



 Azusa Pacific completes the 2015 portion of their schedule at the Winter
Invitational next weekend. The three-day competition starts on Friday in South
Gate, Calif. and is hosted by La Verne.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Ames Tribune, Iowa

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Football: TCU's defense, the deep pass and how Richardson can exploit it

BYLINE: Bobby La Gesse, Ames Tribune, Iowa

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 292 words


Oct. 16--The deep pass will be there. Iowa State quarterback Sam Richardson
knows it. TCU uses it to toy with opposing offenses.

"They are going to dare you to throw it over their heads and when you get those
opportunities you have to hit them," Richardson said. "Just kind of taking the
matchups you want."

So how does ISU attack it? The key lies in a pass play against Texas Tech. On
fourth-and-four at the Red Raider 37-yard line, Richardson threw a 36-yard
go-route to wide receiver Quenton Bundrage. ISU scored a touchdown one play
later.

This wasn't the play call. Richardson saw press coverage on Bundrage on the
outside. He went to the audible. It was a gutsy call.

"I have more trust in my receivers than fear of the cornerback so I'm not
worried about that at all," Richardson said. "They are going to get open and you
have to make the throw."

Richardson said he wasn't worried about the safety help over the top. He
believed if he got the ball near Bundrage he'd make the reception.

"That was an example of making the play when they gave us what we wanted,"
Richardson said.

Richardson believes this is the opposite of how ISU handled TCU last season, in
a 55-3 loss. He thought the Cyclones were too passive.

"We sat back and they kind of made us do what they wanted to do," Richardson
said. "We kind of have to do what we go into the game plan (doing what) we want
to do."

There are a lot of different ways the Cyclones can to go after the deep pass the
Horned Frogs will give them. If the offense is to have a succeed they need to
make the most of those shots, like Richardson and Bundrage did on that fourth
down last week.

___ (c)2015 the Ames Tribune, Iowa Visit the Ames Tribune, Iowa at
www.amestrib.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151016-1AT-Football-TCU-s-defense-the-deep-pass-and-how-Richardson-can-exploit
-it-1016-20151016

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AT


                          Copyright 2015 Ames Tribune


                              280 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            November 23, 1992 Monday

On the catwalk, ya

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 285 words


BILL Clinton is as mad as a gator with a toothache. Just the other day
the U.S. President-elect warned press photographers to stop harassing his
daughter Chelsea's cat, Socks. "Special note to the press from the highest
authority," a note from his staff read, "don't touch the cat again."
Taking this as a challenge, the papurrazi used a form of catnip to lure
Socks away from the governor's mansion in Little Rock, Ark., for yet
another photo scrum. The Clinton people vowed revenge.

They have a lot to learn. Presidential pets, everyone should know, are
more than just animals. They are integral members of America's semi-royal
First Family, and a clever president exploits them in the same way he
exploits his children: for their publicity value. George Bush made his dog
Millie the p.r. centrepiece of his White House, pushing the unfortunate
pooch forward for a thousand photo ops and naming a treacly book of Bush
family reminiscences after her (Millie's Book, ghosted by First Lady
Barbara Bush, earned $900,000 in royalties).

If Mr. Clinton has a lick of sense, he will hire an agent to get Socks
some quick exposure - a guest spot on Larry King Live, a pad-on part in a
hot TV series (say, Beverly Hills 90210), a slinky Vanity Fair cover by
Annie Leibovitz. Later, we see a televised White House tour with Barbara
Walters ("this particular chair, Barbara, was a favourite of President
Eisenhower's cat, George"), an authorized biography, perhaps even a
cabinet appointment: Secretary of State would seem to suit the inscrutable
feline temperament. The sky's the limit, as long as Mr. Clinton and his
family pet can get over this sick privacy thing. Wake up and smell the
kitty litter, kids, you aren't in Arkansas anymore.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1992 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Record (Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario)

                           January 19, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Backups will play major roles; Look for Favre to try to exploit banged-up Giants
in tomorrow's NFC title game

BYLINE: Record news services

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 483  words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J.


The New York Giants secondary has gotten used to being called the weakest link.
It's been that way all year.

With Michael Strahan and Osi Umenyiora on the defensive line and Antonio Pierce
in the middle of the linebackers, opposing offences had to go after someone this
year, and it's been the defensive backs.

That won't change in the NFC title game against the Green Bay Packers (14-3).
Brett Favre will try to exploit the banged-up group with some packages that
include five receivers.

"We were a target last week against Dallas,'' cornerback Sam Madison said. "We
were a target the week before. We're always going to be a target. We got a
couple of old guys, a lot of young guys and a lot of guys you think don't have a
lot of confidence. But the last couple of weeks, we've come through.''

They may be facing their biggest test to date tomorrow at Lambeau Field.

Madison and rookie Aaron Ross, the top cornerbacks, are both hurt.

Madison has missed the last two games with a pulled stomach muscle that has made
it hard to laugh. He has not practised this week and it seems unlikely that
he'll play tomorrow.

Coach Tom Coughlin, however, refused to rule him out for the game, saying he was
'optimistic' that he might play.

Ross, the first-round draft pick from Texas, had his right shoulder pop out of
its joint twice in the 21-17 win over the Cowboys last Sunday. He will play
wearing a brace.

Corey Webster, who lost his starting job in the third game of the season because
of poor play, has taken over for Madison and played well, intercepting a Jeff
Garcia pass in the end zone in the wild-card win over Tampa Bay.

Safety is a little more solid with Gibril Wilson and James Butler starting and
rookie Michael Johnson backing them up.

Defensive co-ordinator Steve Spagnuolo was a little concerned making his game
plan. The obvious dilemma was to either make a plan to best attack the Packers'
offence or come up with one that might help the secondary a little.

"I guess I would be lying if I didn't say there was some concern and you think
about some change,'' Spagnuolo said. "But if you're too far from what you are
and what you do, I think you can get into trouble that way, too.''

Throughout most of the season, Spagnuolo has applied as much pressure as
possible on the opposing quarterback. That has not changed in recent weeks.

In fact, the pressure has helped the secondary.

New York had a sack and 11 quarterback hits against Garcia in a 24-14 win two
weeks ago.

Garcia finished 23-of-39 for 207 yards and two interceptions, the second by
veteran R.W. McQuarters, who has gotten more playing time with the injuries and
sealed both playoff wins with picks.

"The guys in the secondary have to step up and make plays,'' McQuarters said.
"Favre isn't going to stop throwing the ball because we have injuries. They are
trying to win like us. Any mismatch they are going to try to exploit, just like
we are.''

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS , Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre
answers a question during a news conference yesterday. The Packers face the New
York Giants tomorrow.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           September 6, 2011 Tuesday

Cyprus spokesman says Turkish threats against Cyprus "unacceptable"

LENGTH: 399 words


Text of report in English by Greek Cypriot news agency CNA

["Spokesman: Turkish threats against Cyprus, unacceptable"-Cyprus News Agency
headline]

Nicosia, Sept 4 (CNA) - -The Republic of Cyprus has the sovereign right to
exploit its natural resources within the international law and order, Government
Spokesman Stephanos Stephanou [Stefanos Stefanou] has stressed.

Commenting on statements made by the Turkish Minister of European Community
Affairs Egemen Bagis regarding Cyprus' plans to exploit its natural gas
resources in its Exclusive Economic Zone, Stephanou described it as unacceptable
and provocative.

"The government expresses its dissatisfaction to the continuous provocative
statements against the Republic of Cyprus and its sovereign rights from Turkish
officials," he said.

"This behaviour is unacceptable and condemnable. It shows that Turkey continues
actions which are against the International Law and the Chapter of the UN
causing openly a member state of the UN and the EU, such is the Republic of
Cyprus, which Turkey violates through the force of arms since 1974 its
independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity," he added.

Cyprus has signed a production-sharing contract with Houston-based Noble Energy.
The company has a concession to explore for hydrocarbons in an offshore field in
its Exclusive Economic Zone, south-east of Cyprus, known as Block 12.

The Eastern Mediterranean area is believed to have a massive amount of natural
gas resources.

Cyprus has signed an agreement to delineate the Exclusive Economic Zone with
Egypt and Israel with a view to exploit any possible natural gas and oil
reserves in its EEZ. A similar agreement was signed with Lebanon but the
Lebanese Parliament has not yet ratified it.

Stephanou pointed out that the international community and especially the
European Union, in which Turkey inspires to be a member, must clearly and
decisively send the message that provocations and threats are unacceptable.

"Turkey must respect the international right and comply its behaviour," he
concluded.

Cyprus has been divided since 1974, when Turkey invaded and occupied its
northern third. Peace talks are currently underway between President Christofias
and the leader of the Turkish Cypriot community to find a negotiated settlement
that will reunite the country under a federal roof.

Source: Cyprus News Agency, Nicosia, in English 0751 gmt 4 Sep 11

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            September 7, 2014 Sunday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Bernie: Fisher right man for tough job with Rams NFL PREVIEW - COMMENTARY

BYLINE:  Bernie Miklasz o bjmiklasz@post-dispatch.com

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 978 words


Before the Rams' season even begins, it's already turned weird.

First of all, this could be the team's final season in St. Louis. Stan Kroenke
is in position to cash in twice on the Rams. Initially, he realized enormous
profits when, as Georgia Frontiere's ownership partner, he helped pull the Rams
out of Los Angeles and bring them to St. Louis in 1995, scooping up a financial
windfall thanks to the exceedingly generous terms provided by the new domed
stadium. Then, after 19 seasons, Enos Stanley Kroenke could yank the Rams out of
St. Louis and away from the aging stadium and decreased profits to haul the
franchise back to LA.

Admit it: that would be quite the exacta for Stan. Dumping LA to exploit the
hunger for the return of NFL football in St. Louis, then abandon STL to exploit
the hunger for the NFL's return to Los Angeles. Quite impressive. And that's not
at all. Kroenke also parachuted into Denver about 32 seconds after his
brother-in-law's deal fell through to buy the NBA Denver Nuggets, NHL Colorado
Avalanche and Pepsi Center Arena. I think Bill Laurie is still probably trying
to figure out what happened.

Second for Fisher, Rams quarterback Sam Bradford was felled for the entire
season when his left-knee ACL blew up for the second time in 308 days. Bradford
was high on the short list of reasons that attracted Rams coach Jeff Fisher to
the St. Louis job before the 2012 campaign. At the end of his third year in
charge of the Rams, Fisher will have had Bradford as his starting QB for only 23
of 48 regular-season games.

Whether you like or dislike Bradford - or occupy the space in between - I think
it's fair to acknowledge that Fisher didn't come here expecting to have the
critical second and third years of his Rams regime led by quarterbacks Kellen
Clemens and Shaun Hill.

Fisher wasn't expecting to move to LA, either.

This is the other side of the coaching life.

In particular, this has been Fisher's coaching life. He's had to deal with some
real misadventures. Not every coach is fortunate to have Tom Brady and superb
ownership.

This 2014 season is a potential double-whammy for Fisher.

Remember, Fisher was coaching the Houston Oilers franchise when the team moved
to Tennessee to be reinvented as the Titans.

After coaching through that chaos, Fisher never wanted to go through another
move again. So as Fisher opens his third season as coach in St. Louis, he
doesn't have his anticipated stability at the quarterback position or the full
security of knowing he's safe from the possibility supervising another franchise
move.

Here's the thing about Coach Fisher: He does some of his best work in trying,
difficult circumstances. Fisher's critics like to point to only six winning
records (and five .500 seasons) in his 18 full years as an NFL head coach. I
won't say the sniping is unfair, but it certainly lacks the proper context.

During a couple of crazy years when the Titans were moving all around Tennessee
until their new Nashville stadium opened in the 1999 season, Fisher kept the
team respectable. The Titans went 8-8 in 1997 and again in 1998, and the record
could have been much worse.

The next five seasons (1999-2003) produced one of the NFL's better records
(56-24) and an AFC championship. And then the Titans entered salary-cap hell,
forcing a rebuild and a restart of his program. By 2006 Tennessee was back up to
a solid 8-8, then won 23 of 32 games in 2007-2008.

From 2006 through 2009, when Fisher's Titans ranked fifth in the NFL with a .609
winning percentage, Vince Young and Kerry Collins were his starting
quarterbacks. Young was talented but restless and unreliable. Collins was in his
mid- to late 30s during his years with Fisher.

If you wonder if it's possible to have success with Hill at quarterback, then
all you have to do is look back to Collins at Tennessee. After bouncing around
with several teams, Collins signed on as a backup with the Titans in 2006. They
needed Collins to take over in 2008, and he delivered a 12-3 record as the
starter, making the Pro Bowl well past his prime at age 36.

Hill is 34. And while Hill is no star, he's not much different now from the
aging Collins circa 2008. That's the point. Fisher doesn't need a superstar
quarterback. His teams are more about toughness than finesse.

Yes, the late Steve McNair was dynamic at times during his 11 seasons with the
Titans. But McNair made it to three Pro Bowls (hardly dominant) and probably
didn't deserve the third selection.

And when the 1999 Titans made the Super Bowl, people forget that McNair was the
starting QB for only 11 of 16 regular-season games. With McNair injured, Neil
O'Donnell subbed in for the other five and went 4-1. Fisher coaxed that
excellent 12-3 record in games started by Collins in '08 and somehow managed to
go 30-17 in games started by Young.

The lesson is that Fisher-coached teams can win as long as they muscle up with
the running game, stop the run, attack the pocket and make Sundays miserable for
rattled, turnover-prone opposing quarterbacks.

As long as Fisher's teams can control the ground and invade the opponent's air
space, they have a chance. That's true of the 2014 Rams. Fisher doesn't need a
great quarterback or astute ownership to win games. Not even in a potentially
goofy year like this one. Fisher is really good at blocking out external noise.

Fisher's most impressive attributes are his ability to manage crises, get
players to follow his lead and construct a sturdy foundation of rushing and
defense that's strong enough to hold his team up in times of adversity. It isn't
glamorous, and it isn't always successful, but his teams are almost always
respectable.

If Fisher could win with Vince Young as his quarterback and Bud Adams as his
owner in Tennessee, then he certainly has a chance to win with the combination
of Hill and Kroenke in St. Louis. Or Los Angeles, for that matter.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  St. Louis Rams head coach Jeff Fisher, center, during the first day of
full squad training camp at Rams Park in Earth City, Friday, July 25, 2014.
Photo by Roberto Rodriguez, rrodriguez@post-dispatch.com  Jeff Fisher rallies
the Rams before the second half of a game against the 49ers last season. (AP
Photo)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     August 10, 1996 Saturday Final Edition

The great pretenders: Munchausen Syndrome, named after the boastful German
baron, is the stuff of fact and high fiction.

BYLINE: Ian Haysom, Southam Newspapers

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 545 words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


Munchausen Syndrome is the stuff of fact and high fiction. Its victims are the
great pretenders, faking illness or fabricating symptoms to gain attention.

Mystery writers Patricia Cornwell (The Body Farm) and Jonathan Kellerman
(Devil's Waltz) have featured the disorder in recent bestsellers.

And the name Munchausen is familiar to film fans who remember the movie based on
the exploits of the fanciful German baron, who exaggerated his war exploits
outrageously.

Munchausen Syndrome was named in 1951 by Dr. Richard Asher, who found a
similarity between his patients' incredible medical complaints and the baron's
embellished tales.

Doctors over the past 40 years have reported incredible stories of Munchausen.

One of the most celebrated fakes was a man who moved from town to town, coughing
up blood as a fighter pilot in Connecticut and reporting chest pains and bloody
urine as a football player in Brooklyn.

Impostors, revelling in the attention paid to them in emergency rooms, fake a
variety of illnesses. They abuse laxatives to mimic digestive problems, sit on
radiators to raise their temperature or even inject themselves with the AIDS
virus.

In the variation known as Munchausen Syndrome by Proxy, an individual makes
another person sick in order to accrue the same gains -- but this time
vicariously. Most of the victims are mothers who make their children sick.

There are few documented cases of the disorder.

In April, a mother in Florida was charged with aggravated child abuse after she
allegedly injected her daughter with fecal bacteria and convinced doctors to
order 200 hospital stays and 40 operations.

Another variation, called factitious bereavement, has sufferers claiming to have
lost a near relative or friend. Again, they're looking for sympathy and
attention.

Dr. Marc Feldman, a University of Alabama psychiatrist who is one of the leading
authorities on the syndrome, said it's difficult to know how many people are
affected by the Munchausen by Proxy disorder.

"It is a mental dysfunction. A mother yearns for attention and fulfils that need
through her child. I've seen cases of mothers faking heart and respiratory
problems in their children or causing them to be sick.

"They want to be centre stage and they feel power in the emergency room."

He likened the disorder to pedophilia.

"That, too, is a mental disorder but we deal with it in the courts. That, too,
is where we're tending to treat Munchausen by Proxy, in the criminal justice
system. It is certainly child abuse."

Dr. Feldman points out that a number of court cases have been launched in the
United States by mothers who claim to have been maligned by doctors diagnosing
the disorder.

"It's a dangerous area. You've certainly got to be very careful before
suggesting Munchausen by Proxy. But if there is a sound medical basis for
suspecting Munchausen, then doctors are on safe ground."

Critics in the U.S. claim some doctors are using Munchausen as an excuse for
failing to diagnose difficult cases.

There's also a pop psychology feel to the subject.

Dr. Feldman agrees caution must be used. He notes that in California, one doctor
diagnosed Munchausen by Proxy in scores of patients, "more than I and my
colleagues would see in a lifetime."

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: In the movie Baron Munchausen, John Neville took the role of a
starry-eyed romantic and hero of fantastic exploits.

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1996 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              285 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 26, 2013 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 393 words

connecticut

Facebook to remove Sandy Hook pages

Facebook offered assurances Monday that it is removing some posts and tribute
pages related to the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting over concerns that
they are being used to exploit the tragedy.

Echoing complaints already brought by some Sandy Hook families and state
officials, Connecticut's U.S. Democratic senators, Richard Blumenthal and Chris
Murphy, and U.S. Rep. Elizabeth Esty, also a Democrat, requested the removal of
offending pages in a letter to Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg on
Monday morning.

The lawmakers said some pages purportedly set up to honor the victims of the
Dec. 14 shooting in Newtown have been used to exploit or harass the victims'
families and could be used as vehicles for financial fraud. State Attorney
General George Jepsen said his office raised similar concerns with Facebook over
the weekend.

- Associated Press

nevada

Warrant for suspect in Strip shooting

Police said Monday that they have a warrant for a 26-year-old ex-convict
identified as the prime suspect in a shooting and fiery crash that killed three
people last week on the Las Vegas Strip.

Police previously released a photo of Ammar Harris taken after his arrest last
year in Las Vegas in a 2010 prostitution case. Police said Harris should be
considered armed and dangerous.

Investigators say Harris was driving a black Range Rover SUV when he fired shots
into a Maserati before dawn Thursday, killing an aspiring rapper and causing a
crash that killed two people when the Maserati slammed into a taxi that exploded
in a fireball at the heart of the Strip.

The SUV was found Saturday parked in the garage of a gated apartment complex
just a couple of blocks east of the Strip. Harris wasn't found at a nearby
apartment where he was believed to have been living.

- Associated Press

new york

Assemblyman offers apology for costume

A New York assemblyman who at first vigorously defended wearing blackface, an
Afro wig and a basketball jersey to a costume party apologized Monday, saying he
didn't mean to hurt anyone.

Democratic Assemblyman Dov Hikind wore the basketball garb at his own party in
his home to celebrate the Jewish holiday of Purim, for which costumes are
commonly part of the celebration.

Hikind initially dismissed criticism of his action as "political correctness to
the absurd."

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 25, 2011 Wednesday

R-Phils' Overbeck stays in spotlight in loss to Thunder

BYLINE: Mike Drago, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 599 words


May 25--Cody Overbeck is not one who cares to draw attention to himself, but
more and more it seems that's all the Reading Phillies first baseman is doing.

The humble 24-year-old from Tennessee would be just as happy to play baseball in
a cocoon, with no one noticing his impressive hitting exploits.

But that's not gonna happen, not when you're knocking the ball out of the park
the way Ryan Howard once did when he was the Reading first baseman.

"I don't care for all the attention, but it's hard to complain when you're doing
so well," Overbeck said after blasting his Eastern League-leading 13th homer
Tuesday night in a 5-2 loss to the visiting Trenton Thunder.

No one's complaining about Overbeck's exploits, least of all him.

He admits he's enjoying the media attention he has received the last several
weeks, though he doesn't particularly enjoy talking about himself.

Reporters from Philadelphia have regularly made their way to FirstEnergy Stadium
to talk to him; he recently was featured in Baseball America; and he's the most
frequent guest on the nightly "Tommy The V" star of the game interview,
conducted after each home game in front of the Phillies dugout.

Overbeck's been the league's home run leader since he homered three times in the
first five games, though he tries not to notice such things.

"It's hard to do that," he said of taking an inventory of his best pro season to
date. "I don't want to jinx it. It's a day-to-day game. I don't try to do
anything different. I try to do the same thing every day."

Overbeck's eighth-inning homer, a two-run shot off former big leaguer Warner
Madrigal, helped the Phillies (24-19) avoid being shut out for the sixth time.
It didn't, however, prevent them from losing for the ninth time in 14 games, or
from slipping into fourth place in the Eastern Division, behind the Thunder
(25-18).

The Phils have gone just 9-12 in May, and slipped to 10-11 at home.

Reading fell behind 3-0 in the third on Cody Johnson's towering 420-foot,
three-run homer to right, a ball last seen in the southbound lane of Centre
Avenue.

The league's top-hitting team continued to struggle at the plate and was held to
six hits -- the fifth time in the last six games the Phils have had eight or
fewer hits in a game.

"We're getting away from what we do best, and that's hit a fastball," said
Reading manager Mark Parent. "Cody's the one guy that never got off the
fastball. He didn't the other day. And when the guy threw him one up (tonight)
he was ready for it.

"Cody's the one guy, consistently, who stays on his pitch. He struggled there
for a little bit (earlier this month) when they started throwing him a lot of
breaking balls, because he tried to hit the breaking ball, and he wasn't getting
to the fastball. Now he's back to waiting for his fastball, and he's not missing
it."

-- Phillers: Infielder Niuman Romero was added to the Reading roster while
infielder Fidel Hernandez was sent from Reading to Single-A Clearwater Tuesday.
Romero, 26, was acquired in a trade from the Blue Jays earlier this month. He
opened the season at Triple-A Las Vegas, batting .160 in eight games, and played
one game for Lehigh Valley. Hernandez played 29 games for Reading, batting .307
with 17 runs scored.

Contact Mike Drago: 610-371-5064 or mdrago@readingeagle.

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110525-RE-R-Phils-Overbeck-stays-in-spotlight-in-loss-to-Thunder-0525-20110525

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2011 Reading Eagle


                              287 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 9, 2016 Saturday

Author Richard Killblane tells of the real 'Dirty Dozen'

BYLINE: Rodger Mullen, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 636 words


Jan. 09--One of Richard Killblane's challenges in interviewing Jack McNiece for
his book about the "Filthy Thirteen" was keeping his composure.

"If you listen to the audio tape of the interviews, you'll hear a thud when I
fall off my chair laughing," Killblane said.

McNiece, a World War II paratrooper who died in 2013 at age 93, was full of
stories of his days in the 101st Airborne, in a division that inspired the book
and movie "The Dirty Dozen."

Killblane was at the Airborne & Special Operations Museum this morning to talk
about his book, "The Filthy Thirteen: From the Dustbowl to Hitler's Eagle's Nest
-- The True Story of the 101st Airborne's Most Legendary Squad of Combat
Paratroopers," and to sign copies.

Killblane, who is 60 and lives in Williamsburg, Virginia, works as a historian
for the U.S. Army Transportation Corps at Fort Lee. He met McNiece in the
hometown they share -- Ponca City, Oklahoma.

The author was fascinated by the stories McNiece would tell and decided to
commit them to print -- McNiece is listed as co-author of the book.

"The Filthy Thirteen" was the name given to the 1st Demolition Section of the
Army's Regimental Headquarters Company of the 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment,
101st Airborne Division.

The unit, which secured bridges during the invasion of Normandy, was legendary,
not only for its courage and fighting ability but its off-battlefield exploits.
Members cut their hair Mohawk-style and wore face paint.

The 13 members of the unit were notorious for their drinking and brawling and
for disobeying orders from superiors -- conduct that today would get a soldier
reprimanded or worse. The exploits were tolerated because of the unit's fierce
combat ability.

Killblane said McNiece, who was a quarter Choctaw Indian, was a gifted
storyteller who often had him in stitches.

"The guy missed his calling," Killblane said in an interview before his
presentation. "He should have been a stand-up comic."

Killblane related some of those stories in a talk to about two dozen people at
the museum. Like the time McNiece disarmed two military policemen who were
beating up a drunken friend of his. Killblane said McNiece first clobbered the
policemen and then took their guns and emptied them by firing them into
streetlights.

The author said his subject's storytelling abilities made his job easier.

"Basically, it's his war story. I'm the guy who wrote it out and told it,"
Killblane said. "There's no way I could tell it better than he did."

So colorful were the exploits of the "Filthy Thirteen" that the author E. M.
Nathanson wrote a fictionalized book, "The Dirty Dozen," inspired by the unit.
The book was made into a highly popular 1967 movie starring Lee Marvin, Charles
Bronson and Ernest Borgnine.

Killblane said the book and movie took some liberties with the unit's story. For
example, in the movie the members were ex-convicts.

"When they got up to talk, they always had to say, 'Yes, we're the unit that
inspired 'The Dirty Dozen,' but we're not criminals,' " Killblane said.

After his military service, McNiece worked for the Post Office and became a lay
preacher, Killblane said. He was the second-to-last member of the unit to die;
Jack Womer was the last.

"Most people in his hometown had no idea of the hell-raising he did," Killblane
said. "Everybody remembered him as this God-fearing guy, hosting Tuesday evening
Bible studies."

After Killblane's talk, people lined up in the museum lobby to have their books
signed. Herbert Wray, 77, came from Tar Heel for the event.

"I loved it. There's nothing like history," Wray said. "I'm familiar with 'The
Dirty Dozen,' but this goes beyond that."

___ (c)2016 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160109-FY-Author-Richard-Killblane-tells-of-the-real-Dirty-Dozen-20160109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2016 The Fayetteville Observer


                              288 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Express and Echo (Exeter)

                              July 21, 2008 Monday

Film-makers courting Dom

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 202 words


Tv companies are clamouring to make programmes about Exmouth adventurer Dom
Mee's ocean exploits in his revolutionary kiteboat Little Murka.

Former Royal Marine Dom, 36, said thousands had watched a clip of his exploits
posted on the YouTube site.

Now, American TV network CNN and others are keen to make documentaries.

Dom failed in his bid to cross the Atlantic from Canada to Exmouth after Little
Murka was hit by Hurricane Katrina which devastated New Orleans in 2005.

The boat, uniquely propelled by huge kites, was finally washed up on the shores
of  the west of Ireland almost a year after Dom was forced to cast it adrift
during a dramatic sea rescue.

Little Murka is now being repaired in Exmouth, ready for Dom to finally complete
the voyage from Ireland to Exmouth, probably next summer.

"I think it will be fitting for such a resilient little boat which survived a
year bobbing about on the Atlantic," he said.

"The interest now being shown is phenomenal. American TV companies are eager to
make documentaries about my voyage across the Atlantic.

"The digital TV History Channel is making a programme about my bid to clinch a
world record in Little Murka and so far there have been over 21,000 hits on
YouTube."

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 63


                        Copyright 2008 Express and Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           October 13, 2010 Wednesday

Security Watch

BYLINE: Daniel Wolfe and Sean Sposito

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Pg. 5 Vol. 175 No. 157

LENGTH: 1057  words


Hot Line

Bombarded by phone calls from fraudsters, some victims were unable to reach
their banks to stop illicit transactions that cost them anywhere from a few
thousand to several hundred thousand dollars, The Wall Street Journal reported
Oct. 8.

The idea behind the phone harassment is simple: "If the financial institutions
can't reach the victims to ask about the suspicious activity, the transactions
often go through," the article said.

One duped banking customer, a dentist in Florida, lost nearly $400,000 from a TD
Ameritrade account last December, the Journal reported. That victim was
reimbursed.

Timothy Ryan, supervisor for the cyber-investigations unit of the Federal Bureau
of Investigation's Newark, N.J., office, told the Journal, "They overwhelm a
victim's phones so that the bank can't call the victim and the victim can't call
them."

The hackers' concept was a "twist" on "so-called denial-of-service attacks, in
which hackers overload financialservices websites with information in order to
crash them," the article said. The FBI issued an alert for consumers about
telephone denial-of-service attacks in June.

A fraud ring that was recently broken up through arrests in the United States,
the United Kingdom and Ukraine is believed to have used this technique. The ring
allegedly took over victims' accounts, transferring funds to new ones set up by
"mules," or accomplices, who collected funds and transferred them elsewhere.

The telephone bombardments lasted as long as a week, sometimes forcing victims
to disconnect their lines or switch phone numbers, which bought the suspects
time to raid their accounts.

The Journal reported that the attacks on financial institutions originated from
Eastern Europe, and many but not all of the mules were students visiting the
U.S. from Russia. The ring is suspected of attacking accounts at JPMorgan Chase
& Co., E-Trade Financial Corp., and TD Ameritrade Holding Corp., the FBI said.
All three companies said they are cooperating with the investigation, the
article said.

Big Target

An increasing number of hacks favor exploits found in Java, a program that many
computer users can do without, Brian Krebs reported Monday at the websiteKrebs
on Security.

Krebs, who has previously advocated removing Java entirely - particularly since
updated versions of Java do not always remove their less secure earlier versions
- wrote that "Java vulnerabilities are by far the most useful, comprising more
than 90% of all successful exploits" for one particular piece of malicious
software.Blackhole is an exploit kit that searches for any vulnerability it can
find in common Web browsers, to use them to infect other computers. Blackhole is
successful about 10% of the time, Krebs wrote.

Other exploit kits use Java, which is made by Oracle Corp., for more than 50% of
their successful installations of malicious software, Krebs wrote.

As for why Java is so favored among hackers, Krebs wrote that "many consumers
simply aren't aware that they have this software installed, or that it needs
fairly frequent updating," as Oracle markets it as a business product.

By default, Java automatically checks for updates on the 14th of every month,
Krebs wrote, but this may not be frequent enough for computer users who want to
stay protected. Users can request that the software make daily checks for
updates, though Krebs said in his experience even this may not be enough, since
it does not always detect new versions.

His best advice: "If you don't use Java, consider removing it. You can always
reinstall it later if you find you need it."

After That ATM!

The rising trend of entire ATM theft may be a result of the poor economy, Time
reported Oct. 7.

Time called it "this recession's hottest crime," and it attributes the rise to
the recession at least in part because there is no other clear explanation. By
contrast, bank robberies have dropped in 2010 after rising in 2009, the article
said.

In most cases, the automated teller machine itself is dislodged or even dragged
off entirely by a vehicle so that it can be cracked open at a more secluded
location. The Time article even included an embedded surveillance video online
of a suspect breaking into a convenience store to loop a cable around a
standalone ATM near the store's entrance. After the suspect stepped back
outside, the vehicle (which was not captured on camera)connected to the other
end of the cable then drove off, pulling the ATM loose - destroying the store's
entrance in the process - and driving off with it.

Though crooks may perceive ATM theft as being extremely lucrative, since some
can hold up to $200,000, their profits are not always that high. Many machines
have a lower supply of cash at night when they are left unattended, and there
has even been one report of crooks who stole an ATM that was completely empty.

However, Time noted, there have been some reports of crooks hitting six figures
after just one or two thefts.

And law enforcement agencies are stepping up their response to the crime. San
Diego, for example, formed a task force this year focused on ATM theft, the
article said.

Helpful Customers

When combating fraud, the best weapon may be the victim, Javelin Strategy and
Research suggests.

James Van Dyke, Javelin's principal and founder, wrote on its blog Oct. 4 that
"account-holders and identity-holders are willing and able to join the battle
against a common enemy," but banks are often unwilling to invite their customers
to help.

"When working to stop fraudulent transactions the customer is often treated as
though they are unnecessary or even dangerous," he wrote, and financial
institutions instead use a "near-exclusive 'back-end' fraud-mitigation
strategy."

Van Dyke suggested that a strategy that welcomes victims' participation could be
particularly useful in fighting the Zeus program favored by fraudsters for its
ability to break through banks' defenses by exploiting customers' online banking
sessions.

Banks that do involve the customer to help spot and block fraudulent activity
could find there are other perks to this deeper relationship, such as increased
cross-sales and loyalty, Van Dyke wrote.

Security Watch is a weekly roundup of news and developments in data security and
their impact on financial services companies. E-mail comments, ideas, and
suggestions to Daniel.Wolfe@SourceMedia.com

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 16, 2013 Saturday

Nets deal with growing pains Johnson: Offense must find rhythm

BYLINE: Tim Bontemps

SECTION: Metro+Sports Extra; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 435 words


NETS NOTES

PHOENIX - For all of the theories being tossed around about why the Nets are off
to such a slow start this season, Joe Johnson threw out one of his own Friday
morning: The Nets are trying too hard to find mismatches offensively.

"Every night, somebody is going to have a mismatch, if not all of us," Johnson
said of the Nets' starting five before Friday's game against the Suns. "So you
can't exploit every mismatch. And I think the last couple games, we've been
trying to exploit every mismatch, and it kind of gets our offense out of whack.

"We have to find that fine line to where we're going to play through Brook, and
then we're going to play through Deron [Williams, me, Paul [Pierce], [Kevin
Garnett], however we're going to do it, we've got to fine tune that so we can
get rolling."

Johnson said the Nets are still going through some growing pains on the court,
adding the team missed out on a lot of time to figure these things out with
Williams sidelined for virtually all of training camp with a sprained right
ankle. He said the time is now to get things figured out.

"I'm never one to make excuses," he said. "We've got a lot of great talent on
this team, and our record shouldn't be nowhere near where it is right now.

"We just haven't been getting it done, to be quite honest with you. We're just
trying to find a way. I don't know how, but we're going to find a way."

Nets coach Jason Kidd said he still has fond memories from his days in Phoenix,
where he played for the Suns from midway through the 1996-97 season through the
2000-01 season, after which he was dealt to the Nets.

"The weather is great," Kidd said with a smile. "But it's always good to come
back to Phoenix. This is where I always felt my NBA career started, learning how
to win with that veteran team when I got traded here from Dallas, learning how
to run the pick-and -roll, but also understanding how to win. I learned a lot
here."

The NBA released its 2014 All-Star ballot Friday, with the entire Nets' starting
five listed on it. Fans can vote on Twitter using a player's first and last
name, along with the hashtag, #NBABallot, and fans can now do the same on
Instagram, as well. In addition, fans can also vote on team Facebook pages and
through the NBA Game Time applications for mobile phones.

The 2014 game will be held in February in New Orleans, before the game returns
to New York the following year, when it will be split between Madison Square
Garden, which will host the game, and Barclays Center, which will host the
Friday and Saturday night festivities.

tbontemps@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Joe Johnson. [AP]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                January 6, 2006

Microsoft Releases Fix for WMF Flaw Ahead of Schedule;
Says user pressure influenced decision to change course

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: SECURITY; After initially saying it wouldnt release a patch for a flaw
in its Windows Metafile software until Jan. 10, Microsoft issued the fix last
Thursday -- acknowledging that the change in plans was partly driven by pressure
from users who wanted to protect their systems from ongoing attempts to exploit
the flaw.; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 896 words

By Jaikumar Vijayan

Citing "very strong customer sentiment" and an earlier-than-expected wrap-up of
testing work, Microsoft Corp.  last week released a patch for a flaw in a
Windows image- processing module after initially saying the fix wouldn't be
issued until tomorrow.

Microsoft's reversal of course on Thursday came as malicious hackers ratcheted
up their attempts to exploit the flaw and IT managers and security analysts
differed on whether corporate users should install an unofficial third-party fix
or wait for the software vendor's patch.

Some IT executives interviewed by Computerworld said that before Microsoft
issued the patch, they were in a quandary over how best to protect their systems
against the Windows Metafile flaw.

"We frankly don't know quite what to do," said Matt Kesner, chief technology
officer at Fenwick & West LLP . "To use the old colloquialism, we are damned if
we do and damned if we don't."

Waiting until this week for Microsoft's patch could have exposed the Mountain
View, Calif.-based law firm's systems to exploits targeting the WMF
vulnerability, Kesner said. Fenwick & West's IT staffers were unsure whether the
work-around procedures initially suggested by Microsoft would have provided
sufficient protection, he said.

But, Kesner added, installing an unofficial patch on the law firm's Windows
servers could result in unforeseen consequences and raise potential support
issues with Microsoft if the systems had technical problems in the future.

After hearing of the software vendor's change in plans, Kesner said he was "very
excited and glad that Microsoft broke its usual schedule" of releasing patches
on the second Tuesday of each month. IT workers at Fenwick & West met on
Thursday to discuss plans for testing and rolling out the WMF patch on an
emergency basis.

Dave Jordan, chief information security officer for Virginia's Arlington County,
said Thursday afternoon that staffers there had already started testing
different versions of Microsoft's patch and planned to deploy them as quickly as
possible.

WMF is a 16-bit image format that is processed by the graphics-rendering engine
in Windows. The flaw came to light in late December after security vendors began
detecting exploit attempts. Attackers could use the vulnerability to run
malicious code on vulnerable machines, steal data from infected systems and turn
the computers into zombies for relaying spam and other malware, according to
advisories from Microsoft and security researchers.

There were no known reports of widespread attacks on corporate systems, and
Microsoft listed 11 security vendors that claimed their antivirus tools could
protect users from attempts to exploit the flaw.

But some security vendors pegged the total number of attack methods targeting
the vulnerability at more than 200 as of Thursday. The escalating number of
attacks prompted some security researchers to recommend that companies
immediately download the unofficial patch developed by Ilfak Guilfanov, a
programmer who works in Belgium.

For example, Bethesda, Md.-based SANS Institute made Guilfanov's patch available
on its Web site and urged IT managers to download it. The unofficial patch had
been downloaded more than 120,000 times as of last Wednesday, said Johannes
Ullrich, chief technology officer at the Internet Storm Center threat-monitoring
service operated by SANS.

F-Secure Corp.  , one of the companies on Microsoft's list of antivirus vendors
that can block WMF attacks, also recommended the use of Guilfanov's patch after
testing and installing it internally. The U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team
provided a link to the patch on its site but urged companies to do their own
risk assessments. Wary of Third Parties

Others said that despite the potential seriousness of the WMF flaw, users should
avoid installing any unsupported patches because such code is unlikely to have
been fully tested for application compatibility and quality.

"It is never a good idea to deploy an untested third-party patch. It's an
invitation for bigger problems," said Andrew Plato, president of Anitian
Enterprise Security , a systems integration and consulting firm in Beaverton,
Ore. He added that the WMF vulnerability "is bad, but no worse than a hundred
other exploits, many of which remain undisclosed."

Tom Robertson, senior vice president of IT at Charter Bank in Bellevue, Wash.,
said his staff was updating the bank's antivirus and antispam tools, as well as
its content filters and network intrusion-protection systems while waiting for
Microsoft's fix. But he said the bank was unlikely to install any third-party
Windows patches.

The WMF issue highlights the need for users to have an IT security strategy that
isn't overly dependent on a vendor's ability to get patches out quickly, said
the director of information security at a specialty retail chain in California.

Instead of simply waiting for Microsoft's patch, the retailer relied on
information from online bulletin boards to implement preventive controls such as
intrusion-detection systems and URL, attachment and image filters, said the
security director, who asked not to be identified. He said the company also had
tested Guilfanov's patch and decided that it could be implemented on critical
systems if the need arose. w


LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2006 Computerworld, Inc.


                              292 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Annapolis Opera putting on 'Simply Shakespeare' Sunday

BYLINE: DAVID LINDAUER; For The Capital

SECTION: HOMETOWNANNAPOLIS.CO; Entertainment; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 779  words


I'm sure that when William Shakespeare created his plump and lovable poltroon,
Sir John Falstaff, he had no idea that he was creating one of the most enduring
characters, not only in drama, but in opera as well.

The ardent Sir John has been the subject of no fewer than five operas (putting
him four up on Anna Nicole Smith who to date is the heroine of only one).

But folks at the Annapolis Opera obviously know a good Knight when they see one,
for they've organized their October recital around the rotund gentleman and his
amorous exploits.

The concert, titled "Simply Shakespeare", will feature selections from three of
the operas pertaining to Sir John, and will combine those operatic delights with
dance scenes based on some of Shakespeare's works, together with other musical
and dramatic selections.

The performance is scheduled for Sunday at Maryland Hall for the Creative Arts.

Composers Antonio Salieri, Adolphe Adam, Otto Nicolai, Giuseppe Verdi and Ralph
Vaughan Williams all graced the catalogue of operatic portrayals with their
versions of the exploits of Shakespeare's knight; but only the last three have
really held a firm place in the repertoire of opera houses.

And fortunately for us, the scenes being performed by the Annapolis Opera come
from all three of those works.

It's interesting to compare the operatic portrayals of Sir John and his hapless
attempts to seduce several married ladies around the community of Windsor. They
are each reasonably faithful representations of the characters that Shakespeare
so beautifully limned in his play, The Merry Wives of Windsor.

They all feature such iconic scenes as Sir John in the Tavern, The Garter Inn;
the clever word interplay surrounding his having sent two identical love letters
to two neighborhood ladies (big mistake!); his hiding in a laundry basket when
he suspects he is about to be discovered by a jealous and armed husband - and
subsequently getting tossed into the river with the rest of the dirty laundry;
and finally, his bumbling attempt to seduce one of the ladies in a wooded
setting where she has secreted all of the other characters in the guise of
demons and fairies to alternately torment and beguile the hapless Sir John.

The Annapolis Opera's performances will feature a scene from Nicolai's The Merry
Wives of Windsor and one from Vaughan Williams' Sir John in Love. Operatic
selections will be interspersed with musical interludes by guitarist Jesse
Washburn and dance renditions of scenes from other Shakespearean works. The
Annapolis Shakespeare Company will perform two scenes (the laundry basket scene
from Act III and the letter scene from Act II) from the original Shakespearean
comedy. The concert will then conclude with the Letter Scene from Verdi's opera,
thus giving the audience the opportunity to discern just how cleverly and
faithfully Verdi and his librettist, Arrigo Bo<0x00EF>to, set the dramatist's
words to music.

The Annapolis Opera has brought some marvelous young talent to town to sing
Nicolai's, Verdi's and Vaughan Williams' melodies. Soprano Sarah Davis, in her
debut with the Annapolis Opera, has been praised for the warmth and delicacy of
her voice. Verdi's music is familiar to her, as she has already played the part
of Nannetta in a Peabody Opera Theater performance of Falstaff.

Mezzo-soprano Margaret Mezzcappa has been the recipient of several prestigious
vocal awards from 2008 through this year, including the top prize in the Licia
Albanese-Puccini Foundation International Vocal Competition, 2011. She has an
extensive operatic repertoire covering everything from Henry Purcell through
Jacques Offenbach to Benjamin Britten. She also has some experience with Verdi's
Falstaff, having sung the part of Mistress Quickly in a performance staged by
the Philadelphia-based Academy of Vocal Arts (where she is a third-year
resident).

Soprano Aundi Marie Moore is quickly establishing herself as one of America's
leading young sopranos. The Washington Post hails her as possessing a voice of
"clarion beauty." Moore has received high accolades from audiences and critics
alike, both in the United States and internationally.

During the 2008-09 season, Moore was chosen as a finalist in Operalia
(Pl<0x00E1>cido Domingo's internationally renowned world-opera competition), and
was named first-place winner of one of the district competitions for the
Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions. She has also been first-place
winner of the Vocal Arts Society of Washington D.C. Competition.

With so many different ways to experience the verbal magic of William
Shakespeare in one afternoon, how can one resist the temptation to "Brush up
your Shakespeare?"

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            August 27, 2016 Saturday

HK officials concerned over iPhone security HK officials concerned over iPhone
security;
Users urged to update software on their devices after detection of spyware
threat

SECTION: /EDITORIAL/CONTENT/SCMP/BUSINESS/GENERAL; nws front .pgl; Pg.3

LENGTH: 739 words


Hong Kong's privacy tsar has raised fears about the exposed weakness of Apple's
operating system for its smartphone and tablets, after researchers found new
malicious software that can be remotely installed to quietly turn an iPhone into
a digital spy.


Analysts said the discovery of a "zero-day exploit" - a hole in the software
that can be used by hackers before a fix is made - showed that no system, not
even Apple's closely guarded proprietary iOS mobile platform, was safe from
cyber attacks.


In a statement, privacy commissioner Stephen Wong Kai-yi expressed his concern
about the vulnerability "given the popularity of iOS devices in Hong Kong".


Wong urged iPhone and iPad users in the city "to update the iOS software on
their devices to the latest version as soon as possible in order to fix the
loophole".


As news of the vulnerability spread, iPhone users around the world rushed to
download Apple's latest security update yesterday. Users must tap into "software
update" under their device's general settings to manually get the fix, which is
iOS 9.3.5.


While Apple was quick to release its security update, the news threatened to
knock the wind out of the company's sails amid its rumoured launch of new iPhone
models in the next few weeks.


Retail worker Justin Kwok, 23, was unaware of the emerging problem for users,
but said he was a fan of Apple because of the ease of use and strong security of
its ­devices. "I didn't know about the security issue, but it sounds scary
because my privacy will go out of the window if someone takes my information,"
Kwok said.

I didn't know about the security issue, but it sounds scary because my privacy
will go out the window if someone takes my informationRetail worker Justin Kwok

Another Apple user, Joseph Lee, 40, shrugged off concerns because "there's not
much choice" between iOS and Android-based systems. "Android has so much
trouble...and now we can't live without phones," he said.


Canadian research group the Citizen Lab and mobile security firm Lookout in San
Francisco, California, said their investigation found the exploit, called
"Trident", connected to the NSO Group, an Israel-based "cyber war" company that
sells the Pegasus "lawful-intercept" spyware product.


Paul Haswell, a partner at international law firm Pinsent Masons, said the
exploit worked by having iPhone users follow a link, which then remotely
"jailbreaks" their device to install software not sanctioned by Apple.


"The exploit then installs spyware, which can track the iPhone user's movements,
log encrypted messages, and discreetly activate the device's camera and
microphone." Haswell said.


"It appears to be the type of malware which would be targeted at specific users
rather than just out there in the wild."

We are not aware of any previous instance of an iPhone remote jailbreak used in
the wild as part of a targeted attack campaign, making this a rare findCanadian
research group the Citizen Lab

The user in Citizen Lab's research is Ahmed Mansoor, a United Arab
Emirates-based human rights activist, who received text messages on his iPhone
with links purporting to be about tortured detainees. Instead of clicking,
Mansoor sent the messages to Citizen Lab researchers.


"We are not aware of any previous instance of an iPhone remote jailbreak used in
the wild as part of a targeted attack campaign, making this a rare find,"
Citizen Lab said.


"Remarkably, this case marks the third commercial 'lawful intercept' spyware
suite employed in attempts to compromise Mansoor." Citizen Lab and Lookout said
they swiftly initiated a responsible disclosure process by notifying Apple and
sharing their findings.


"We were made aware of this vulnerability and immediately fixed it with [the
update] iOS 9.3.5," Apple said in a statement.


"We ask customers to always download the latest version of iOS to protect
themselves against potential security exploits."


Major mobile network operators in Hong Kong were quick to respond to the news of
the exploit, as iPhone remains the city's top-selling smartphone brand.


Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong, which operates the "3" brand mobile
service in the city and in Macau, said it had informed frontline staff about the
iOS security update.


"We believe that handset manufacturers must closely monitor potential phone
security issues and release upgrades when necessary," a Hutchison Telecoms
spokesman said.


Additional reporting by


Alice Woodhouse


> ACTIVIST TARGETED a11

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    October 30, 1990, Tuesday, DAILY EDITION

Immorality not issue in trade with Mexico

BYLINE: William Watson

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 13, ADVICE & DISSENT

LENGTH: 733 words

DATELINE: New York,NY


  Reports reaching here from the distant north say NDP Leader Audrey McLaughlin
opposes free trade with Mexico, not solely because she deems it unwise, but also
because it is immoral. It is immoral because the Mexicans exploit their workers
- by paying them insufficiently, by exposing them to health risks, and by
denying them elementary guarantees against wrongful dismissal and other employer
abuses.

Immorality is a serious matter. It might be thought a matter individuals should
decide for themselves. Just as the NDP wants individuals to make their own
decisions about the morality of abortion or obscenity, so might it wish to let
people's own consciences determine whether they should trade with exploiters.

On the other hand (so the argument must go), for the state to take the step of
reducing tariffs on Mexican goods provides an active inducement for people to
trade with exploiters. Of course, by this argument decriminalizing abortion
constitutes active encouragement of abortion, not neutrality toward it.

Assuming the state doesn't want to be neutral on this particular moral issue, a
conscientious attempt to assess the moral consequences of our trade policy
requires us to survey all our trading partners to see whether they, too, exploit
their workers.

It goes without saying that most do. If exploitation means not providing social
benefits or protections on a par with Canada, the U.S., or Western Europe, then
almost all poor countries exploit their workers. Mexico's transgressions in this
area occur, not because of any unique moral blindness on the part of the
Mexicans, but because Mexico is a poor country.

Obvious dilemma

Thus a further implication of a moral trade policy is that we trade with poor
countries only when they have become rich countries. This poses an obvious
dilemma for them: How do they become rich if truly rich countries won't trade
with them? Do they throw up rich-country social programs and then try to hoist
their economies up with grappling-hooks?

In this light, our current tariff policy can only be regarded as viciously
immoral. It rewards poor countries, exploiters all, by giving them even lower
tariffs than our Most Favored trading partners face. Morality presumably
requires us to raise the tariffs we charge poor countries to above what we
charge the Most Favored, most of whom provide quite adequate benefits and
protections.

In any truly moral trade policy the penalty must be made to fit the offence.
Thus places like Cuba and China, which still deny their workers the elementary
freedom of quitting one job and moving to another, should be made to pay dearly
for access to our market. For all its alleged exploitation, Mexico at least has
a labor market that allows people to quit if they don't like their working
conditions and seek employment elsewhere.

A tariff policy that varies with the level of exploitation means, in addition,
that we must reward countries that improve their labor records. Thus the true
moralist would not shrink from trade negotiations with Mexico or, indeed, with
any country. Quite the contrary, she would put labor standards on the table and
offer access to the Canadian market in exchange for improved standards in the
poor country.

This poses a dilemma for Ottawa, for in fact the Mexicans have made dramatic
strides over the last four years to bring about social changes most Canadians
would approve. They are deregulating their economy, privatizing it, and opening
it up to trade and investment. The resulting efficiencies have produced the real
economic growth that is the only possible source of long-run genuine
improvements in working conditions. Indeed, with his much-trumpeted National
Solidarity Program, President Carlos Salinas de Gortari is already moving in
that direction.

Mexico is also undergoing a dramatic democratization, even to the extent that
the defeat of the governing party becomes a possibility. This increased
political competition also encourages the kind of labor market regulation the
NDP likes. Or at least gives the exploitation it disapproves of the stamp of
public approval, something that must give pause to Democrats, even New ones.

Accepting for a moment that we are morally obliged to try to influence how other
people run their countries, isn't now the right time to play the trade carrot
with Mexico?




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              295 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 10, 2016 Thursday

Honoring heroes: Diz Kronenberg's new book documents Chippewa Valley soldiers'
exploits in battle

BYLINE: Emily Miels, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 681 words


Nov. 10--Sgt. Haris Ellis. Pvt. Clayton Slack. Major Hugh McGrath. Cpl. Eric
Gunnison. Sgt. Charles Mower. Cpl. Mitchell Red Cloud. These six men from the
Chippewa Valley are Medal of Honor recipients.

Levi Pettis from Augusta was a water boy in the Revolutionary War at the age of
14 and served in the War of 1812. He lived to be 111 years, 11 months and 8 days
old and died in 1872 from complications after getting his hand caught in a bear
trap, according to stories passed down from decedents.

Capt. Dan Doughty of Ladysmith was a pilot during the Vietnam War when his
unarmed plane was shot down. He was taken to a prisoner of war camp where he
spent almost seven years -- including 13 months in solitary confinement.

These are just a few people whose stories of heroism and bravery are documented
in "A Tribute to Sacrifice," a new book by Harold "Diz" Kronenberg highlighting
local military history.

"Eau Claire is rich in the history of sports and the history of the military,"
said Kronenberg, 92, who himself flew 42 missions as a ball turret gunner on a
B-17 bomber during the 1943 and 1944 European campaign of World War II.

The book, released this month, focuses on combat soldiers from the Eau Claire
area beginning with the Revolutionary War.

"Just as participation in combat can become a source of endless pain, it can
also become a source of pride," the book's introduction states. "And for this,
we choose to honor all of the men and women in the Chippewa Valley who have
served in the fields of combat. They deserve to be proud of what they have
done."

Another person featured in the book is Eugene Moran.

"He's the furthest away but I had to put him in there," Kronenberg said, noting
he was a friend and former roommate. "He fell 21,000 feet out of an airplane and
lived to tell about it."

Because Kronenberg struggles to see and hear, the book was dictated to Warren
Hermodson.

"He always added a lot of interesting things I didn't have in there," Kronenberg
said with a chuckle.

The duo interviewed several living veterans and researched material in the
Leader-Telegram and local libraries and museums.

Hermodson said he always had a tape recorder going wherever they went.

"In fact, I even had one I left at his house so he could tell stories when I
wasn't there," Hermodson said. "So, then I'd take those and write up the article
and come back and I'd read it to him."

He said it was "quite a process" as they went back and forth to get the stories
right.

Even keeping the subject area rather contained to the Eau Claire area, the book
ended up being almost 100 pages long.

"One of the things at the end of the book is a sincere apology to anyone who
thinks they should've been included," Hermodson said. "It's almost impossible to
get all the names."

For many recent veterans, records are still classified, Hermodson said, which
made some names and information harder to obtain.

"You highlight as many as you can," he said.

There will be a book signing event Saturday at Altoona Family Restaurant and
copies of the book will be available locally at Chippewa Valley Museum,
Crossroad Books, Tangled Up In Hue and The Local Store.

"A Tribute to Sacrifice," published by Documation, is Kronenberg's eighth book.
Earlier books, such as "Above and Beyond," which he also worked on with
Hermodson, also celebrated local military and sports.

Kronenberg, a local sports legend, taught social studies at Central Junior High
and South Middle schools.

"It would be so easy to overlook the sacrifices of all these men and women if it
were not for folks like Diz," Hermodson writes at the end of the book. "These
folks have experienced combat -- a foreign existence. But they also have a sense
of history. They understand the monumental implications of their service to our
country. And a few, like Diz, refuse to have us forget the significance of their
sacrifices."

Contact: 715-833-9214, Emily.miels@ecpc.com, @EmilyMiels on Twitter

___ (c)2016 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161110-EW-Honoring-heroes-Diz-Kronenberg-s-new-book-documents-Chippewa-Valley-
soldiers-exploits-in-battle-1110-20161110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2016 The Leader-Telegram


                              296 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sunday Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                             April 15, 2012 Sunday
                        2 - State - Main Country Edition

US mayor a tweet superhero

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 165  words


NEW YORK: The daring exploits of a US mayor went viral on Twitter overnight on
Friday after he dived into a burning building to save a neighbor in a new act of
bravery, earning him the title of ``superhero''.

Cory Booker, the mayor of Newark, suffered second-degree burns and smoke
inhalation when he rescued a young woman trapped upstairs in a house next door.
She survived but suffered burns to her back.

His bold act recalled exploits during a heavy snow storm last year when he
directed snow ploughs to hard-hit areas, and even personally dug out trapped
residents.

On blogging sites Twitter and Tumblr, thousands of users dreamed up fake
situations in which Mr Booker could rush to the rescue.

With the hashtag Cory BookerStories, Twitter users joked about his prowess.
``Potholes fill themselves when Cory Booker walks by,'' quipped one user, while
another said ``CoryBooker bit a vampire and it turned human''.

Mr Booker admitted being afraid for his life when he plunged into the flames.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SML


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            November 14, 2004 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

ROY CUMMINGS' KEYS TO TODAY'S GAME

BYLINE: ROY CUMMINGS

SECTION: SPECIAL SPORTS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 516 words


By ROY CUMMINGS

TAKE WHAT ATLANTA DEFENSE GIVES THEM

The Falcons have the league's 30th-ranked pass defense and aren't that concerned
about it. Their defensive philosophy is to stop the run at all costs, so they
constantly bring an eighth and sometimes ninth defender into the box and leave
their defensive backs in single coverage. It's an odd strategy, but it has
worked to some degree so far.

The Bucs, though, have a hot quarterback and some capable receivers who should
be able to exploit that strategy. With quick passes to receivers running short
and intermediate routes, the Bucs should be able to control the ball and exploit
the Falcons' lack of size at linebacker by getting big yards after the catch
from Michael Pittman, Joe Jurevicius and Michael Clayton.

PUT GRIESE ON MOVE TO NEUTRALIZE BLITZ

The likely return of DT Rod Coleman will give Atlanta's pass rush a much-needed
boost, but the Falcons will continue to blitz frequently.

The Bucs have done a good job of picking up the blitz in recent weeks and they
must continue that this week. To aid the effort, the coaching staff must take
advantage of QB Brian Griese's mobility and get him moving off the snap. By
rolling Griese out and using play-action fakes and screens, the Bucs can keep
the Falcons off-balance and create space for their pass catchers.

The Falcons' blitzes are designed to get Coleman and DE Patrick Kerney into the
backfield, so the Bucs must key on those two and keep them from getting to the
quarterback.

KEY ON FALCONS TE ALGE CRUMPLER

The Bucs had a rough go of it against Chiefs TE Tony Gonzalez last week. This
week's assignment won't be much easier. Falcons TE Alge Crumpler isn't quite in
Gonzalez's class, but he's close. He can get off the line quickly against press
coverage, has good hands, very good speed and is hard to bring down in the open
field. He's at his best against zone defenses, so the Bucs will have their hands
full.

Next to QB Michael Vick, Crumpler is the Falcons' most dangerous weapon, but the
Bucs have the speed to stop him. Crumpler often gets the ball off a rollout in
the flat, but the Bucs can take that away by bumping him as he crosses the
field. The key is not to fall for the play-action fake going the opposite way.

BE STRONG UP MIDDLE AGAINST T.J. DUCKETT

There's a chance Anthony McFarland won't play in this game. If he does, he's not
likely to be 100 percent. That could make the Bucs more vulnerable to a power
rushing attack, and the Falcons have a power back that can gouge them in T.J.
Duckett.

Duckett weighs 260 pounds and runs a lot like Mike Alstott, but he's much
faster. The Bucs may get a heavy dose of Duckett today, so they have to fill
their gaps and hold their ground. They'll need an eighth defender near the line
of scrimmage to stop Duckett but the Falcons will try to spread the field to
take defenders away from the middle.

Duckett has a tendency to give up quickly if he's unsuccessful, so a solid
effort early could eliminate him as a weapon.

Copyright © 2004, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: BUCS AT FALCONS BUCS GAMEDAY

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 4
Michael Clayton and the Bucs receivers should find room to roam in the secondary
today. Brian Griese's mobility should be an asset against the Falcons'
aggressive schemes. Speedy TE Alge Crumpler is one of Atlanta's most versatile
weapons. The Bucs will need to hold their ground against 260-pound RB T.J.
Duckett.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2004 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              298 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           February 16, 2013 Saturday
                                 First Edition

NON-FICTION

BYLINE: Steven Carroll

SECTION: LIFE & STYLE; Books; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 655 words


PICK OF THE WEEK

THEY SANG LIKE KANGAROOS

Anthony Delano

Arcadia, $34.95

THE title comes from a truly execrable poem by Sir Henry Newbolt about the
sinking of German cruiser Emden in 1914 by Australian cruiser Sydney. A history
of the newly formed Australian fleet and its exploits during World War I may
seem unlikely material, but it's intriguing. Nearly all the commanding officers
were from the Royal Navy, and the Admiralty in London saw it as an adjunct to
the British fleet. It might have been a tinpot navy, but it travelled far and
its exploits were daring, not only in the case of the Emden but a land attack -
on Zeebrugge, Belgium, a bloody encounter in which the crew of the Australian
ship, two of whom were named Rudd and Gillard, distinguished themselves. The
book is full of "characters", including Guy Gaunt, an Australian spy who was
based in Manhattan. "Gaunt and New York," Delano says in the lively and witty
writing typical of this highly informed study, "took to each other like gin and
vermouth."

TURN RIGHT AT MACHU PICCHU

Mark Adams

Text, $23.99

A UNIVERSITY professor, archaeologist, adventurer and relic hunter in trademark
fedora. Familiar? Yes, Hiram Bingham III is the model for Indiana Jones. In
2011, Mark Adams, a New York writer of mostly travel and adventure, set out on
an adventure of his own and this smooth, often ironic account is his record of
the trip. Bingham, referred to by Adams' Australian guide as a "Martini
explorer", became famous in 1911 for discovering, in the Andes, the lost
Peruvian city of Machu Picchu. A hundred years later, Bingham's employer, Yale
University, was being sued by the Peruvian government. Bingham the hero had
become a "grave robber". Adams, with guide, mules, "mule whisperers" and a cook,
spent a month following in Bingham's footsteps, barely having slept in a tent
before. The journey, vividly related with a strong sense of place, ends at Machu
Picchu, speculating, among other things, on the purpose of the city.

WALTER LINDESAY RICHARDSON MD

Bruce Steele

Australian Scholarly Publishing, $39.95

THE eponymous doctor is best known as Richard Mahony, father of Henry Handel
Richardson (H.R.H.) and the key character in her epic trilogy. Bruce Steele, a
Richardson specialist from Monash University, has drawn on a wide variety of
sources for this portrait of the figure behind the fiction. It traces Walter
Lindesay Richardson's life from his birth in Dublin in 1825; to Bristol and on
to Edinburgh, where he qualified as a doctor; his migration to Victoria during
gold rushes; marriage; children (including Ethel, H.R.H.); travel; fortune and
financial ruin; mental decline and death. Steele states he tried to "set aside
The Fortunes of Richard Mahony", emphasising the importance of separating "a
novel about a fictional character and the life story of a man", but this
readable, informed study also incorporates the works of H.R.H. in creating a
rounded picture of

19th-century immigrant life.

PARTY TIME

Rowan Callick

Black Inc, $29.99

IF RUSSIA, in Winston Churchill's words, is "a riddle wrapped in a mystery
inside an enigma", what of China? There has been a stream of books on modern
China - what distinguishes this one is its focus on the present state of the
Communist Party. It is a mistake, Rowan Callick says, to assume the vast
economic changes taking place in China today and all its attendant modernity
"automatically displaces communism". The reality is that the party, what he
calls "the most powerful organisation in the world", plays a pervasively
dominant role in Chinese life. But the question of how long it can balance its
contradictions - globalism/nationalism, modern capitalism/Mao-inspired socialism
- also looms. This is an astute, extended journalistic examination of power in
China today, as well as the paradoxical nature of China itself. You catch a
glimpse of where it's heading, "then the outlook changes . . . a fresh view
emerges".

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            October 15, 1995 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

Lucky we've an image problem

BYLINE: SUE WILLIAMS

SECTION: TEMPO; Pg. 151

LENGTH: 624 words


WATCHING The Simpsons arrive in Australia in an episode last week and exploit
every stale old cliche going, I couldn't help wondering how many of the 80-odd
countries that air the show might actually believe we're a nation of dumb,
uncultured oafs.

To exploit a similarly stale cliche about Americans, at least, they're not too
hot at recognising irony. It's more than likely, I'd say, that they'd swallow
every image whole, including the picture of what was supposed to be a typical
Australian MP wandering around in a pigpen. Cheek! A pig farmer? In our
Parliament?

That episode of The Simpsons, however, does serve to highlight a continuing
problem we have with our image overseas, and not just in the US.

There, somehow, a great percentage of the population is so parochial, you just
expect it. "Orrstraylia? Isn't that in the mid-west?" I was once asked while
chatting to some half-wit at a bus stop in Los Angeles.

It's not much better elsewhere, either. In France, they delight in painting us a
nation of killers of Aborigines, rabbits and horses - horses? - according to
this month's article in the top-selling magazine Paris Match, while Indonesians
see us as a country full of laid-back loungers, not having had their attention
drawn, apparently, to all those recent reports that show us these days to be a
country full of completely stressed-out workaholics.

Even in places where they should know much better, the vision's barely any
rosier. The British tabloids are still chock full of apocryphal stories that
they set in Australia for convenience's sake since, after all, we're far enough
away for anything to happen and, quite possibly, stupid enough to believe that
it has.

I have friends in London who routinely phone, saying wasn't that story odd about
the elderly woman who was found dying of thirst on the Nullarbor Plain after
sitting at broken traffic lights for three days waiting for them to change from
red?

To most of the world, it seems we're still a strange, exotic land full of
ignorant yokels with pet kangaroos, eking out a sad, meagre living in the bush.
(Rolf Harris has a lot to answer for.) Relatives descend on me regularly from
overseas, bearing gifts like packets of lollies, soap and knickers, just in
case, presumably, they're in short supply in the Sydney shops.

Friends write to say they're planning to come over and stay for a couple of
months, expecting me to be delighted that at last I'll have a bit of European
culture in my sad, barren life.

Why should the rest of the world's population still have such a lopsided view of
a country that is now 90 per cent urbanised, with some of the most beautiful
cities in the world? Go to London, and you won't find a decent cappuccino for
looking. In Paris, you can't buy a decent meal for under $50. In LA, justice is
only meted out in the omniscient shadow of the spectre of race riots. In
Jakarta, criticism would never be tolerated.

Of course, the televising of the 2000 Olympics will do much to change our image
in the eyes of the world. Suddenly, everyone will see a fabulous, cosmopolitan,
multicultural city full of bright, forward-looking individuals who are quite
capable of producing their own lollies, soap and knickers - or at the very least
importing them from China.

Until then, despite all the grand campaigns of the Australian Tourist
Commission, we're probably destined to be always thought of as some grubby Third
World place by those who don't know any better.

But then again, if it stops them coming here, why not? It's great entertainment
to watch Bart and Homer blunder their way through their own lives, but to lure
people like them here? Maybe, after all, it's not such a bad thing to keep life
in Australia one of the world's best-kept secrets.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cartoon: By Jenny Coopes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1995 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 25, 2011 Thursday

TEMPLE OF DOOM - FEDS BUST 'INDY' RABBI IN $1M TORAH SCAM

BYLINE: BRUCE GOLDING

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 535 words


A rabbi who dubbed himself the "Jewish Indiana Jones" whipped up tall tales of
"rescued" Holocaust-era Torahs to raid more than $1 million in charitable
donations, the feds charged yesterday.

Manhattan federal prosecutors say Rabbi Menachem Youlus concocted cinematic
exploits that included falling through the floorboards of a barracks at the
Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in Germany, then digging for hours before
finding a buried Bible scroll. But travel records show he left the United States
only once during the time he claimed to be risking his life on globe-hopping
missions - for a two-week trip to Israel.

And the hand-lettered, sacred scriptures Youlus passed off as historic relics
were actually just ordinary Torahs he "simply purchased" from dealers, the feds
say.

"Menachem Youlus called himself the 'Jewish Indiana Jones,' but his alleged
exploits were no more real than those of the movie character he claimed to
resemble," Manhattan US Attorney Preet Bharara said of the 50-year-old, who
looked more like Woody Allen than Harrison Ford as he appeared in a lower
Manhattan court yesterday.

Ford played the protagonist Indiana Jones character - a treasure-hunting
archaeologist - in the famous series of Steven Spielberg/George Lucas adventure
films.

His allegedly fraudulent manuscripts include one for which billionaire investor
David Rubenstein paid $32,000 before donating it to Manhattan's Central
Synagogue in 2008.

Youlus - a co-founder of the Maryland-based Save a Torah charity - won
widespread acclaim for his account of unearthing that scroll by using a metal
detector to locate a box in which it purportedly had been buried in a cemetery
near Auschwitz.

But his alleged scheme began unraveling after the Washington Post Magazine
published a searing expos last year that cast doubt on his sensational stories.

According to a criminal complaint, Youlus got more than $1 million from Save a
Torah between 2004 and 2010, representing nearly all of the $1.2-million-plus it
raised during the same time period.

Youlus allegedly claimed that he wasn't paid anything for his efforts - merely
reimbursed for his costs in locating, recovering and repairing the Torahs.

But court papers say he used phony invoices to inflate his expenses, and also
scammed the charity into giving him $144,000 by falsely portraying himself as
deep in debt - even though bank records show he had about $2 million stashed in
various accounts.

Youlus, who was charged yesterday with mail and wire fraud, declined comment
after being sprung on $100,000 bond.

---

TALE OF THE TAPE

JEWISH INDIANA JONES" MENACHEM YOULUS

OUTFIT: High-waisted black slacks, white shirt, yarmulke

JOB: Allegedly went on fictional hunt for treasures stolen by Nazis

HANGOUT: Manhattan federal court

NAME: Named after Israeli statesman

STEVEN SPIELBERG: Looks like him

HAZARDS: Indictments

"'REAL' INDIANA JONES"

OUTFIT: Cool leather jacket, whip, felt fedora

JOB: Went on fictional hunt for treasures stolen by Nazis

HANGOUT: Temple of Doom

NAME: Named after family dog

STEVEN SPIELBERG: Worked with him

HAZARDS: Blow darts

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -"Indiana Jones." David James/Paramount Pictures -Rabbi Menachem
Youlus. [William Farrington]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           November 25, 2008 Tuesday

T-U 2

SECTION: Pg. D-2

LENGTH: 371 words


"Somebody needs to get that kid a supermodel, because he looks like Tom Brady
right now."

CRIS COLLINSWORTH, Former NFL player and current TV analyst on Patriots QB and
Brady's backup Matt Cassel, who threw for 400 yards for the second consecutive
week in a 48-28 win over the Dolphins on Sunday.

LIONS LIKELY TO KEEP LOSING

I hadn't thought it was really possible, but the Detroit Lions might actually go
winless this season.

ESPN.com contributor D.J. Gallo, founder of SportsPickle.com, has me convinced.
Here's his take on what the Lions will have to do to get a win:

- Nov. 27 vs. 10-1 Titans: Follow the Jets' game plan from Sunday. And also
place turkeys in the Tennessee locker room that have tryptophan levels 100 to
200 times above normal.

- Dec. 10 vs. 6-5 Vikings: Don't let the Vikings' offense control the clock. And
don't let the official scorer control the scoreboard.

- Dec. 14 at 7-4 Colts: Put pressure on Peyton Manning. Specifically, in the
neck area.

- Dec. 21 vs. 5-5 Saints: Exploit the Saints' secondary. Exploit the Saints'
sense of charity and mercy.

- Dec. 28 at 5-5 Packers: Hope the Packers are resting their first- through
fourth-string for the playoffs. Then do the opposite of everything they've done
all season.

2 CENTS

It looks like golf superstar Tiger Woods' multi-million dollar annual income
will take a hit soon.

The Associated Press reported Monday that General Motors Corp. and Woods are
ending their nine-year endorsement deal, believed to be worth at least $7
million a year.

The cash-strapped automaker needs to cut expenses, and Woods wants to spend more
time with his family - he and wife, Elin, are expecting their second child - and
less time making commercials for Buick.

Somehow, I think Tiger's wallet will be just fine. It's not like former Swedish
model Elin will have to go back to work for extra cash. Pregnant bikini photos -
not so cute.

It will be strange not to see Tiger in Buick ads, though, after nine years of
associating his face with the brand.

Of course, I did get a good chuckle a few years ago out of spotting a Hummer -
and not a Buick - parked in Woods' space at The Players Championship.

I guess endorsement loyalty has its limits.

Compiled by FRANCINE KING/The Times-Union

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
KIRTHMON F. DOZIER/Detroit Free Press Lions quarterback Drew Stanton is knocked
out of the game against the Buccaneers on Sunday in Detroit. The 0-11 Lions have
a good chance to finish the season without a win.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Florida Times-Union


                              302 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 9, 2001 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A NATION CHALLENGED: THE PLOTS;
Saudi Arabia Also a Target Of Attacks, U.S. Officials Say

BYLINE:  By LOWELL BERGMAN and TIM WEINER

SECTION: Section B; Column 4; Foreign Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 653 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 8


In recent months, Osama bin Laden and his allies have planned attacks against
targets in Saudi Arabia as part of their continuing effort to oust the Saudi
royal family, American officials said today.

The officials said the planned attacks were intended to exploit political
discontent in the region. They said several arrests in connection with the
conspiracy were made in Gulf states over the summer.

The Saudi Interior Ministry said it was investigating whether a parcel bomb that
killed two people, including one American, and injured four near an American
military base in the city of Khobar two days ago was part of those plans.

Mr. bin Laden and his allies dream of forcing American troops and the Saudi
royal family out of Arabia, undermining American political support for moderate
Arab nations like Egypt, and converting them into Islamic states.

And in many ways, according to Arab and American diplomats interviewed by
reporters for The New York Times and the PBS program "Frontline," Mr. bin Laden
tries to exploit rage over corruption and poverty to gain support in Muslim
lands.

The United States "should ourselves do what we can to eliminate the causes which
seem to give some justification to the cause of someone like bin Laden," said
Richard L. Armitage, the deputy secretary of state.

The Saudi ambassador to the United States, Prince Bandar bin Sultan,
acknowledging corruption in his country, said the Saudi royal family has
"implemented a development program that was close to $400 billion." He
continued: "You could not have done all of that for less than, let's say, $350
billion. If you tell me that building this whole country, and spending $350
billion out of $400 billion that we misused or got corrupted with $50 billion,
I'll tell you yes," he said. "So what? We did not invent corruption."

He acknowledged that the root of some of the rage in radical Islamic circles is
economic, and that human rights was a luxury some Arab states cannot afford. "We
want the right to eat for a lot of people," he said. "Let's first finish that.
Then we get to all your fantasies in America."

Mr. bin Laden's two top lieutenants come from a radical group, Egyptian Islamic
Jihad, that has been fighting for more than 20 years to overthrow the Egyptian
government. The group was responsible for a generation of killings in Egypt,
from the assassination of President Anwar el-Sadat in 1981 to the killing of 58
tourists in 1997.

The Egyptian ambassador to the United States, Nabil Famy, said that in facing
down terrorism, Egypt came to understand that it "comes from people feeling
marginalized.  And because they're marginalized, they move toward violent
extremism. And they're wrong."

The Saudis knew Mr. bin Laden as the increasingly wayward son of the royal
family's favorite construction magnate. Prince Bandar met Mr. bin Laden briefly
when the Saudis, the Americans and members of the bin Laden organization were
fighting to help the Afghan rebels -- the mujahedeen, or holy warriors -- repel
Soviet occupiers of Afghanistan in the 1980's.

"Bin Laden used to come to us when America, underline, America, through the
C.I.A. and Saudi Arabia, were helping our brother mujahedeen in Afghanistan, to
get rid of the communist secularist Soviet Union forces," Prince Bandar said.
"Osama bin Laden came and said 'Thank you. Thank you for bringing the Americans
to help us.' "

Prince Bandar added, "At that time I thought he couldn't lead eight ducks across
the street."

Today, as then, the Saudis' coalition with the United States is a delicate
balance. Like the 19 American soldiers killed in 1996 in the bombing of the
Khobar Towers complex, American troops in Saudi Arabia guard the power of the
royal family, but remain targets of radical wrath against the Saudi house.

"In a Western democracy, you lose touch with your people, you lose elections,"
Prince Bandar said. "In a monarchy, you lose your head."


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              303 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Halifax Courier

                               February 16, 2007

Full strength for Mac's men

LENGTH: 588  words


HARROGATE may be languishing in the National League Two basement, but they have
the ability to exploit any complacency in the Halifax camp, coach Kevin
McCallion has warned. And with this in mind, the Ovenden Park chief has named a
full strength squad for the trip to Claro Road tomorrow and is pulling out all
the stops to ensure his side do not take the North Yorkshire based strugglers
lightly and are firing on all cylinders as they return to action after a two
week lay off. "You only have to look at recent results to know Harrogate can be
a dangerous side," said McCallion. "They only just lost out at Bradford and
Bingley and they pushed Manchester all the way, and that's the same Manchester
that gave us a real seeing to earlier this season, so they have the ability to
perform well and have been playing with a lot of enthusiasm in their last few
games."

However, McCallion said weakness among the forwards was an area Harrogate had
suffered in the current testing campaign and his side would be looking to
exploit that. "They have some dangerous players in the backs but their front
five have struggled against some sides and that's an area we will be targeting,"
he said. McCallion said he was delighted to welcome back key man Rob Afoa
Peterson who has recovered from a shoulder problem. In addition Gareth Jones,
who would have missed last week's postponed clash with the same side in the
Yorkshire Cup through suspension, is available and will form a powerful looking
second row partnership with Martin Smith. Will Kay is back in contention and is
set for a place on the bench, and Richard Hill will also be on the bench rather
than in the starting line up as he has been suffering from a flu bug this week.
However, fast improving wingman Ben Mitchell will be rested as he is due to
appear for Yorkshire in an under 20s fixture this week. "Rob came through
traning with no problems and it's great to get him back and we will be able to
field a strong line up," said McCallion. Youth and experience feature strongly
for Rishworthians at Copley. While the first team turn out with an experienced
back line-up for the home Yorkshire Five North/West league game against
Harrogate Pythons, the club's under-15 squad will play a curtain-raiser (12.45)
against youngsters on tour from Bromsgrove. In the league game, Rishworthians
hope to build on the much improved display in the draw with Stanley Rodillians
two weeks ago. However, Pythons are pushing for promotion and started
Rishworthians' run of six defeats in a row last year. Alex Fearnley returns to
the backs and Chris Mitchell steps into the vacant stand-off berth. The forwards
are unchanged, but teenage prop Wes Aldridge comes onto the bench after
impressing with the seconds. Halifax Vandals make the short journey to Wibsey In
Yorkshire Five North West and will be hoping for a similar scoreline to when the
teams met on October 21, the Warley men coming out on top 22-5. Playing at
Wibsey in a public park is never regarded as the highlight of the season but it
is up to the Vandals to put aside such matters and concentrate on gaining a
further two points in the push for a play off spot. Coach Damon Scholes has a
few concerns with the absence of key players. Dave Birch is moving house and Jon
Isherwood and pack leader Andy Lyon are doubts. Scholes includes himself in the
squad, although he is likely to remain on the bench. Birch is replaced by Fraser
Carrington and young Luke Donlan, new to the union code, is on standby to step
into the pack.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            October 21, 2001, Sunday

DEMS RIP BLOOMY EXPLOITS'

BYLINE: FARRAH WEINSTEIN, MARK STAMEY and ZACH HABERMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 021

LENGTH: 478 words


Stumping side-by-side with Mark Green yesterday, Fernando Ferrer blasted a new
ad by Republican Michael Bloomberg - charging the spot "exploits" tensions over
campaign tactics during the Democratic runoff.

But Bloomberg, who was endorsed by Democratic state Sen. Olga Mendez, insisted
the ad shows New Yorkers' "concerns."

The Bloomberg spot - which started airing Friday, soon after Ferrer and Green
mended fences - features mostly black and Hispanic people charging Green was
"dividing" the city during the runoff.

Ferrer, walking in Brooklyn with Green, said the ad "would have been more
believable and more credible if [Bloomberg] had stepped up when these things
were happening, instead of trying to exploit them for his own political benefit.

"I think it's cynical, and I think it's wrong," added Ferrer, who said most of
his backers will stand with Green.

Green said, "I am racially inclusive. I don't have to respond [to the ad]. I'm
proud of the campaign . . . there's nothing more important than racial harmony
and opposing racial divisiveness."

Standing with Mendez, Bloomberg insisted the ad "shows some people who have
expressed those fears and wanted to make a statement."

The flap came as two key Ferrer backers, the Rev. Al Sharpton and Bronx
Democratic Party leader Roberto Ramirez, made clear they're not yet behind
Green.

Ferrer and his supporters were angered by a late-game Green attack ad, and
anti-Sharpton fliers and phone calls that Green strongly denies knowing about.

Bloomberg swiped at Green for waiting "four or five days" to pledge to find who
made the calls.

Mendez also blasted Green - and praised Bloomberg.

Bloomberg adviser William Cunningham said, "Just because [Ferrer] got a
party-loyalty injection yesterday, that does not mean the facts in the case have
changed."

Sharpton criticized Bloomberg, saying, "I kept looking for the rest of the ad
because Mr. Bloomberg, until early this year, was a member of four
exclusive-to-white clubs."

Bloomberg said he left those clubs because he couldn't change their policies.

But Sharpton also swiped at Green and Democratic Party.

Ramirez insisted he didn't duck out of Friday's Green-Ferrer event early, but
that "I did my job, I left . . . The question was not whether I support Mark
Green or not. The question was whether Fernando Ferrer was endorsing him."

Also yesterday:

* A Bloomberg meeting with Assemblyman Adriano Espaillat (D-Manhattan) was
canceled. A Bloomberg aide said it would be rescheduled.

* At the Madison Square Garden benefit show for the terror victims, there were
loud boos when actress Susan Sarandon acknowledged Green.


LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THEY LIKE MIKE: Republican mayoral candidate Mike Bloomberg strolls
through Harlem yesterday with Democratic state Sen. Olga Mendez (center) and a
crowd of supporters.Helayne Seidman

           Copyright 2001 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              305 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                           September 29, 2013 Sunday

Opportunity knocks for bold consultants

LENGTH: 825  words


To exploit the Gulf's fast-growing market, management consultancies have to meet
clients' demand for local professionals in implementing their advice, Edward
Haigh writes


To exploit the Gulf's fast-growing market, management consultancies have to be
able to meet growing demand for local talent in implementing their advice.
Edward Haigh writes
There was a time, not so long ago, when a management consultant could reasonably
expect to be able to turn up at his client's office occasionally,  press some
flesh and impart a few words of wisdom while notionally overseeing a team of
brilliant but inexperienced young analysts.


The consultant would then return home, leaving behind a shiny report and an
eye-wateringly large invoice. That time has passed.
The GCC consulting market is among the most exciting in the world today.
Although small by global standards - our latest GCC report estimates it at
US$1.9 billion, compared with America's $39bn market - it is nevertheless
growing at an annual clip of about 20 per cent, a growth rate you would be hard
pressed to find elsewhere in the world.
But if its success has so far tended to follow a formula long since challenged
by clients in more developed western markets, then its recent maturity curve has
been a steep one.
That's because the offices of Dubai-based clients are now filled with people
making the same demand of consultants as their counterparts in London or New
York. And their demand can be summed up in a word: implementation.
In fact the clamour for consultants to implement the findings of their reports
is arguably even greater in the GCC than it is elsewhere, and it certainly
represents the biggest opportunity in the region's consulting market today.
There are a couple of factors at play here: the first is maturing clients, many
of whom have had their metaphorical fingers burned by consultants in the past.

Those clients will often be the first to admit that the fault for failed
projects lies as much with their own failure to scope, monitor and measure
consulting work in the way they should have (or at least to have reasonable
expectations about what could be achieved in a certain amount of time).
But the truth is that consulting firms were lured by the promise of a fast buck
and, by their own admission, failed to live up to the standards long since
expected of them elsewhere.
There was, as one client so succinctly put it to us recently, "some bad
consulting going on around here". Asking consultants to implement their
recommendations is, by common consensus, the most effective way to make them
accountable for their work.

The second factor is also the biggest: an absence of talent. The simple reality
is that organisations in the GCC are scratching around to find the talent they
need to sustain their rapid growth plans, and when they can't find it, they look
to consultants to help them fill the gaps.
That's not uncommon elsewhere either: our research consistently tells us that
about a third of the global management consulting market is actually what those
of a more sophisticated disposition would call contingent labour, and what those
with a tendency to speak more plainly would call body shopping. But it may now
be an even bigger part of the market in the GCC than it is elsewhere.
That spells trouble because consulting firms are struggling to find talent just
as their clients are. In theory they should be able recruit people to the GCC
from their global networks, but in practice it's rarely as simple as that.
True, the continuing economic stagnation in Europe has led to a certain amount
of oversupply that consulting firms are only too happy to have a home for, but
that assumes that they have the right people, with the right skills, who are
willing to consider moving to the Middle East.
It's a situation which is compounded by clients' demand for a cultural fit
between consultants and their employees in the implementation phase of
consulting projects.
Consultants are expected to be able to work alongside their clients' staff,
sometimes doing the same work, at other times playing the role of trainer and
motivator. They have to fit in.
In other words, what consulting firms really need to find are people with the
right skills who are also GCC nationals. And right now - for all that they're
compelled to do so by policy, let alone the market itself - that's the hardest
kind of talent to find.
The opportunity to act as "body shops" to talent-starved GCC nations is one that
consulting firms will not want to pass up.
That's even if they say  that their real interest lies at the purer,
higher-value end of the consulting value chain.
But finding a way to do so is vital if they are to take advantage of the biggest
opportunity in the world's most exciting consulting market.
This viewpoint is based on the findings of a Source report on the GCC consulting
market
Edward Haigh is the director of Source Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2013 Abu Dhabi Media Company
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                             October 9, 2009 Friday

One to Watch: Merger to add value

BYLINE: Craig Yeaman of Saracen Fund Managers

LENGTH: 422 words



HIGHLIGHT: Resaca Exploitation

56p +2.5p

Scotsman says BUY


RESACA Exploitation is an  oil and gas company based in Houston, Texas, and its
shares are also traded on Aim. The company was formed in 2006 to exploit  oil
and gas properties in the Permian Basin of west Texas and south-east New Mexico.

The firm's activities  are distinct from those of a traditional exploration
company whose focus is on new, unproven reserves. Resaca exploits known, mature
low-to-moderate risk oil and gas reserves and utilises the latest technology
for secondary and tertiary hydrocarbon recovery.

The company came to Aim in 2008 but the shares  performed poorly as sentiment
weighed against them due to the collapse in the oil price. More recently, the
shares have begun to move sharply higher but are still less than half of their
value at the time of the floatation.

Resaca last week  said it is to merge with Cano Petroleum in a stock-for-stock
exchange where shareholders of both firms will own about 50 per cent of the
combined entity. The new company will have an estimated 63.2 million barrels of
oil equivalent  of proved reserves with a value of about $650 million.
Production is estimated at 1,960 barrels of oil equivalent per day.

The combined company will have key strengths including a complementary
oil-focused portfolio with balanced growth opportunities and an increased
critical mass to more efficiently develop projects.

In addition, significant cost savings have been identified, which could add $5m
to the bottom line. It is unlikely that the merger with Cano will be a one-off
and future merger and acquisition opportunities loom large for 2010 and beyond.

&#149 Craig Yeaman is investment director at Saracen Fund Managers. The value of
your investment could fall and you may get back less than you invested. You
should take professional advice if you have any doubt about the suitability of
this stock for your portfolio.

Hays

106p -0.2p

Broker says  SELL

AMBRIAN has lowered its rating on Hays from "hold" to "sell". The broker said:
"Hays has a strong brand name and will be well positioned for the cyclical
recovery. However, the share price rally has already left the shares at 8.5x
peak earnings. This looks high enough in what may  be an anaemic and jobless UK
recovery."

Chi-Med

175p +17p

Broker says  BUY

AIM-LISTED Hutchison China Medi-tech (Chi-Med) has created a joint venture with
Hain Celestial to sell infant food in China, prompting Charles Stanley to
reiterate its "buy" rating.

The broker said: "We remain buyers on the back of prospects for China Healthcare
in the domestic market."

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TS


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Washington: Former New York City Public School Teacher Pleads Guilty To
Receiving Child Pornography

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:


    Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, announced that JON CRUZ, a former teacher and debate coach at the Bronx
High School for Science, pled guilty today to one count of receiving child
pornography.  CRUZ, who was arrested on March 5, 2015, entered his plea before
United States District Judge P. Kevin Castel.



    U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said:  "Crimes that sexually exploit and
victimize children are some of the most disturbing and harmful.  It is
particularly so when those entrusted to teach and guide our children in our
schools, instead lure and then sexually exploit them.  Jon Cruz, a public school
teacher and well-known debate coach, has admitted to doing just that, having now
pled guilty to receiving child pornography."

    According to the Complaint, the Indictment, and other documents filed in the
case, as well as statements made during the plea proceedings:

    From July 2014 through December 2015, JON CRUZ, while employed as a teacher
and debate coach at Bronx High School for Science, engaged in multiple chats
over a mobile communication application and social media service with at least
five minor victims from different states.  In those chats, CRUZ, who was aware
of the ages of the victims, provided payments to the victims in exchange for
sexually explicit photographs of themselves.

    *          *          *

    CRUZ, 33, of New York, New York, pled guilty to one count of receiving child
pornography, which carries a mandatory minimum sentence of five years in prison
and a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.  The maximum potential sentence in
this case is prescribed by Congress and is provided here for informational
purposes only, as any sentencing of the defendant will be determined by the
judge.

    Mr. Bharara praised the investigative work of the FBI in this matter.

    This case is being handled by the Office's General Crimes Unit.  Assistant
United States Attorney Shawn G. Crowley is in charge of the prosecution.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Manchester Evening News

                              July 3, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

SATURDAYHAPPENINGS

SECTION: CITY LIFE;FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 267 words


MIF: MUSIC / ARCA & JESSE KANDA Musician and Bjork's co-producer Arca - aka
Venezuelan's Alejandro Ghersi - teams up with his long term collaborator and
visual artist Jessie Kanda again at the venue last used by MIF for Branagh's
Macbeth.

Halle St Peter's, Ancoats / www.mif.co.uk / 0844 871 7654 / 8pm / £20, £15
concs, £12 GM. . residents on lower wage / @MIFESTIVAL CLUBBING / EXPLOIT &
COVERT PRESENTS DANNY HOWARD & BONTAN Returning to what Gorilla call their "rave
tunnel" with an excitement new summer party, Exploit & Covert bring Global
Gathering/Gatecrasher/ Ministry of Sound fave Danny Howard, pictured, and
producer/mixer Bontan to the city. Gorilla, Whitworth St West . ./
www.thisisgorilla.com / 0161 407 0301 / 11pm-4am / £8-£15 / @thisisgorilla MIF:
CLASSICAL / THE IMMORTAL The Immortal is the latest work from young composer
Mark Simpson and draws on the ideas of death and after life explored in John
Gray's The Immortalization Commission. The oratorio portrays the crisis of faith
experienced by Frederick Myers, president of the Society of Psychical Research,
and draws on scripts from a series of early 20th century seances. Performed by
the BBC Philharmonic, EXAUDI and Manchester Chamber Choir with librettist
Melanie Challenger and solo baritone Mark Stone. Alongside it is a performance
of Mozart's Requiem in which the iconic composer battled with his own impending
doom. Juanjo Mena conducts; Ruby Hughes, Clara Mouriz and Steve Davislim
perform.

The Bridgewater Hall, Manchester / www.mif.co.uk / 0844 871 7654 / 7.30pm /
£16-£36, £12 GM. . residents on lower wage / @MIFESTIVAL

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEN


                     Copyright 2015 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 20, 2013 Tuesday

Washington: 1910 Soudough Expedition Featured in Final 1913 Speaker Series
Presentation

LENGTH: 287  words

DATELINE: Washington


US National Park Services, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

DENALI PARK, Alaska:On Friday, August 23 Dr. Terrence Cole, Professor of History
and Northern Studies at the University of Alaska Fairbanks (UAF), will speak
about the Sourdough Expedition of 1910, which on April 3 of that year became the
first to reach the north peak of Mt. McKinley. This group of four gold miners
challenged the peak with the most rudimentary gear and no technical climbing
experience. They set out in order to disprove explorer Frederick Cook's claim of
reaching the summit in 1906 and demonstrate that Alaskans could outdo the
exploits of any "easterners".Two members of the party, Billy Taylor and Pete
Anderson, reached the top of the 19,470-foot north peak and made history. But
once they returned to civilization this expedition's exploits would become as
mired in controversy as that of Dr. Cook.

The free presentation begins at 7:00 pm and is taking place in the Denali
Visitor Center's Karstens Theatre.

Cole's expertise and interests include all aspects of Alaska history. He has
written many academic articles and monographs, and five books, including The
Sourdough Expedition: Stories of the Pioneer Alaskans Who Climbed Mount McKinley
in 1910 and Fighting for the Forty Ninth Star, a history of Alaska's statehood
crusade. He is a frequent guest lecturer to people of all ages, ranging from
kindergarten students to participants in the Road Scholar (formerly Elderhostel)
program. Dr. Cole has been the recipient of multiple awards and honors for his
scholastic contributions. In 2012, the Governor appointed him to the Alaska
Historical Commission.

For more information please visit: http://www.nps.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              May 6, 2010 Thursday
                            Neighbors North Edition

Father, son share passion for writing

BYLINE: Mark I. Johnson

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Off The Mark; Pg. 1N

LENGTH: 541  words


When I began contemplating how to fill this space today, many options came to
light.

There are a couple of issues involving Southeast Volusia municipal governments
that deserve some literary jabs. But the look on my editor's face when I
mentioned that idea to him suggested I best look elsewhere for inspiration.

And since my latest fishing exploits haven't been worthy of note, I decided to
turn to an old stand-by: family.

However, rather than spinning a tale about babies, grandkids or other relatives,
this is about a child's pride in a parent.

I got word last week that my father, who goes by the professional name of Rody
Johnson, has had his fourth book accepted for publication by the University of
Florida Press.

In the past 11 years, Dad has authored three books. The first was a personal
journey to learn about his father's exploits during World War II.

Kit Johnson was a reservist with the U.S. Coast Guard, patrolling the East Coast
of Florida looking for German submarines. The story of his rescue of the crew of
the tanker Java Arrow, which was torpedoed just off the beach near Vero Beach,
was a local legend, but not something father talked to son about.

I wanted to know more about his adventures," my father told me. "Dad didn't talk
about them and I didn't explore it until after he was diagnosed with
Alzheimer's. Then it was too late."

His second effort was a historic tale of his ancestors settling in West Virgina.

He then penned an account on the history of the Dodgers' (first Brooklyn and
then Los Angeles) spring training operations in Vero Beach before they relocated
to Arizona.

That book not only delved into my family's relationship with the Dodgers'
organization, but focused on the impact the team had on the community --
including Jack Robinson's difficulties being accepted as the first black player
in Major League Baseball and the economic hole left by the Dodgers' departure.

His newest book is about wind-powered electrical generation.

Since I took up newspaper journalism, I have long suspected my father envied my
choice of profession. While he had a successful career as a project manager for
a variety of electronics companies, my suspicions were confirmed when, upon his
retirement, he took the helm of a weekly newspaper for a year before it
succumbed to basic economics.

Dad reinforced this belief recently when he admitted he would have enjoyed a
career in newspapers, but on the business side rather than chasing stories.

Now that I am contemplating a couple of book possibilities myself -- one
photographic and the other non-fiction -- it is my turn to envy my father's
success in the literary field.

The longest thing I have ever written would hardly fill a couple of chapters. I
just hope I will have the determination to make my dreams a reality as my father
has done.

We both know neither one of us will ever be mentioned in the same sentence as
wordsmiths such as Ernest Hemingway, Hunter Thompson or Carl Hiaasen. But that
is not why we write.

There is a sense of accomplishment and pride when you hear people discussing
something you have written and published. Whether they love or hate your work,
the ability to spark a conversation is a rush.

Congratulations, Dad. I look forward to reading your latest work.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2010 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2010 News-Journal Corporation


                              311 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Evening Chronicle (Newcastle, UK)

                            January 22, 2010 Friday

Book Deal For Net Hitchhiker

BYLINE: Tom Mullen

SECTION: A; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 346 words


INTERNET globetrotter Paul Smith travelled from the Toon to New Zealand without
buying a single travel ticket.

Now the intrepid adventurer is writing a book about his global exploits using
the social networking website Twitter.

Calling himself the Twitch-hiker, Paul, of Low Fell, Gateshead, made headlines
around the world when he travelled 11,000 miles using only cash and
accommodation donated by users of the website.

People from dozens of different countries began to follow Paul's trip, with some
donating hotel rooms and even plane tickets through Twitter, which allows people
to send each other brief messages in cyberspace.

The Twitchhiker has now sealed a book deal and is penning an exciting account of
his exploits. The freelance journalist said: "It was a tremendous adventure,
enjoyed not only by myself but those who assisted me, and I dare say some who
followed me if only to see if I ended up mauled by a bear.

"Since then I've done a smattering of public speaking, recounting my travels in
a montage of photos and tall tales   and while I considered writing a more
in-depth account of my travels immediately afterwards, it was ultimately more
important to settle back into the slog of everyday life and earn what I
laughingly call a wage.

"After all this time has passed, I thought that was the end of it. So I'm
thrilled to teeny tiny bits to announce I'll be writing a book about
Twitch-hiker."

The month-long challenge back in March saw Paul leave Newcastle before crossing
to the Netherlands, Germany and France. He then doubled back after being given
flights from Frankfurt to Amsterdam, and then headed to New York.

From there, he made his way to Washington DC, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Chicago
and LA, before arriving at his final destination, New Zealand, with days to
spare.

And when he finally arrived in Auckland he  had the uncanny experience of
receiving an offer of accommodation from a Geordie from Whitley Bay.

Paul said: "He recognised that my diet for the past three weeks had been lacking
in bacon and egg sandwiches, and quickly righted that wrong."

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

The Blade, Toledo, Ohio, column

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 755 words


Oct. 12--Remember when Paul Harvey used to promise, "the rest of the story"?

What will be the rest of our story this year?

In what direction will the presidential campaign go from here?

Is there any chance of it getting better? Of it turning back from burlesque to
what we used to know as politics?

My wife gave up on the second presidential debate early on. Put off by talk of
the decade-old sexual boasts of Donald Trump and the two-and-a-half-decade-old
exploits of Bill Clinton, she retired with a book.

Does anyone remember when the public discussion of such things embarrassed us? I
keep thinking of a line from Edmund Burke: "All the decent drapery of life is to
be rudely torn off."

Burke wrote that in another context. But hasn't the decent drapery been stripped
away from our politics? It's a funny thing for a journalist to wonder. But I do
wonder: Were we better off when we didn't know some of the stuff we think we now
know about public figures?

You can argue that John F. Kennedy's exploits were so pathological and seedy
that they raise questions about his emotional makeup. He also might have been
blackmailed. Pretty reckless.

And yet, for all the mud, real and imagined, that has attached to the slain
president's name, he is still a hero and a symbol of hope to many, in this
country and abroad.

How about Dwight Eisenhower -- a hero to millions of soldiers who fought under
him in World War II. He was unfaithful to his wife during the war. He had a
mistress. Should this have been revealed in the campaign of 1952? Should it be
the first thing we teach school kids about Ike?

Mr. Trump resonated with many when he said, during the debate, that "locker room
talk," was small potatoes next to ISIS beheading priests in France. Ah, so the
argument goes, if it was only locker room talk.

The trouble there is that someone, somewhere, for some price, will come forth
and say that it wasn't -- that in 40 years of the fast life in New York City
before becoming a political figure, Mr. Trump's Lotharian behavior surely
crossed the line. And we will be off to another mud fight.

Americans are awfully contradictory and conflicted about a lot of things these
days -- sexual mores for one thing. The line between private and public for
another. (Privacy is finally totally obliterated if all private conversations
can be recorded and distributed. The presidencies of Kennedy, Johnson, and
Clinton would take even greater hits if everything had been recorded.) But we
are conflicted, not least, about politics. Just what do we think politics is? We
don't know anymore.

There are times when what is covered by the national media seems to me nothing
like what I have spent a lifetime studying and recording.

On Monday morning, at breakfast, I was asked: Did the debate improve at all?
"Well," I said, "the tone remained grim, brutal, humorless" (no spirit of Ronald
Reagan to be sure) "but it did get better."

The two candidates talked about issues and policy for the last hour: How to
handle terror; arming rebels in the Middle East; Obamacare and whether to scrap
or fix it; their respective ideas on what sort of people to appoint to the
Supreme Court; taxes; economic growth, global warming.

They sparred -- as two kickboxers admittedly -- but they sparred instead of
accusing and judging. And their differences could not have been more stark. Each
won a few respective rounds. But it was a fair fight and it was about stuff.

Look, we have two flawed individuals running for president -- two flawed
candidates, and, it would seem, two flawed, perhaps fatally flawed, human
beings. Neither Mrs. Clinton nor Mr. Trump seem to have much regard for the
rules, written and unwritten, that most of us abide by. Neither seems to respect
"the decent drapery of life." The national media, the entertainment industry,
and the internet surely do not. Our only refuge is in politics itself. Not a
heightened search for dirty laundry and personal demons, but politics itself.

What is politics itself? It is the discussion of values and choices and the
application of that discussion to law and policy.

I don't care how spirited the debate if we can actually talk about the country
and the direction of the government. A slug fest is fine; it is the sleaze fest
that is distracting the Republic to death.

Keith C. Burris is the editorial page editor of The Blade. Contact him at:
kburris@theblade.com or 419-724-6266.

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161012-TO-The-Blade-Toledo-Ohio-column-1012-20161012

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                              313 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                         May 7, 2015 Thursday 00:00 EST

Review: 'The Seven Five,' a Documentary About a Corrupt New York Cop

BYLINE: MANOHLA DARGIS

SECTION: MOVIES

LENGTH: 723 words



HIGHLIGHT: Tiller Russell's documentary focuses on Michael Dowd, a Brooklyn
police officer who in the late 1980s was earning $4,000 a week from illegal
dealings with drug organizations.


The documentary "The Seven Five" giddily revisits the true-crime deeds of
Michael Dowd, a former New York police officer who was arrested in 1992 with a
stash of cocaine on him. As the ringleader of a crew of dirty cops stationed at
the 75th Precinct in East New York, he padded his income by stealing money, guns
and drugs from dealers. He eventually graduated to working for drug rings, one
of which put him on retainer so he could provide information about narcotic
operations. "The Seven Five" has been called "the cop version of 'GoodFellas,' "
which may explain why Sony has plans to produce a fictional remake. Here's
hoping that version uses a better moral compass.

You learn a lot in "The Seven Five" about Mr. Dowd's criminal exploits, which
emerge in original interviews with him and some of his former associates, in
re-creations of their exploits and, valuably, in clips from his testimony before
the Mollen Commission. It was formed after Mr. Dowd and a handful of other dirty
cops were arrested on narcotic charges, and its mission was spelled out in its
title: "Commission to Investigate Allegations of Police Corruption and the
Anti-Corruption Procedures of the Police Department." Among its many bleak
findings was that Mr. Dowd's underworld activities were so lucrative that from
1987 to 1988 he reaped $4,000 a week from drug organizations in his precinct.
Sometimes he even forgot to pick up his paycheck.

And now Mr. Dowd, having served time in a federal prison, is making a comeback
as the star of this breathless, ethically challenged documentary, which the
director Tiller Russell has pulled together as slickly as an episode of "Law &
Order" (without, you know, much of either). The main source here is Mr. Dowd,
who, mouth gunning, excitedly recounts how he stole drugs and money, stories
that are interlaced with talking-head accounts from some of his past associates,
including former cops and drug dealers who are thanked in the credits. Every so
often if not nearly enough, you also hear from some of the good guys who helped
bring Mr. Dowd down, including one who soberly invokes what bad guys like Mr.
Dowd meant for neighborhoods under his watch.

When asked by the Mollen Commission whether his loyalties were with "the
community he was supposed to be policing" or the drug traffickers he protected,
Mr. Dowd said, "I guess I'd have to say the drug traffickers." Again and again,
you see him before the commission, but his testimony tends to get lost amid the
hyperventilated crime stories. That's too bad. He was a font of information, as
when he testified hat the police officers who "are taking money will more
typically be the ones that are giving beatings." As the commission found, "Dowd,
like other officers, reported that brutality strengthened the bonds of loyalty
and silence among officers and thus fostered corruption tolerance." This
documentary could have a whole lot more Mollen and a whole lot less of Mr. Dowd.

A movie like "The Seven Five" has only minor use as a historical document; its
principal function is to package gonzo tales of bad behavior into commercial
entertainment that plays down the real suffering behind those stories. Mr.
Dowd's vehement narration does have, at times, a vague Joe-Pesci-in-"GoodFellas"
feel, which is amusing only if you ignore the historical record. In 1988, when
Mr. Dowd was still on the force, an estimated 100 people were murdered in East
New York. Those dead should haunt "The Seven Five," which instead breezes
through its crimes while tossing out grim images of unidentified black and brown
bodies. I wonder if these will show up in the fictional version that as Variety
reported, Sony won the rights to after a winning bid of "around the seven-figure
range."

"The Seven Five" is rated R (No one under 17 admitted without parent or adult
guardian). Crimes against humanity.

The Seven Five

Opens on Friday

Directed by Tiller Russell; director of photography, Igor Martinovic; edited by
Chad Beck and James Carroll; music by Amy Marie Beauchamp and Jose Cancela;
produced by Eli Holzman, Aaron Saidman and Sheldon Yellen; released by Sundance
Selects. Running time: 1 hour 44 minutes.

PHOTOS: Michael Dowd, left, and Kenneth Eurell were arrested in East New York in
1992, charged with dealing with drug organizations. (PHOTOGRAPH BY SUNDANCE
SELECTS)

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday

US Patent granted to Symantec Corporation (California) on July 30 titled as
"Preventing malware from abusing application data"

LENGTH: 213  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,499,354, on
July 30, 2013, to Symantec Corporation (California), titled as "Preventing
malware from abusing application data"

Inventors:  Satish; Sourabh (Fremont, CA), Sobel; William E. (Stevenson Ranch,
CA)
Assignee:  Symantec Corporation (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
attempted exploit of a vulnerability of an application executed by a computer is
detected. The exploit attempts to call an application programming interface
(API) and abuse application data through a malicious parameter of the call. The
API of the application is hooked and monitored for a call made to the hooked
API. A parameter of the call is analyzed to determine whether the parameter has
a malicious characteristic indicating an attempt to use data within an address
space of the application to execute malicious software. A remediation action is
taken responsive to determining that the parameter has a malicious
characteristic."

The patent was filed on March 15, 2011 Application no. 13/048,810

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             July 10, 2010 Saturday

Dear Abby: Teen plays naughty and nice on twin Facebook profiles

BYLINE: By Abigail Van Buren

SECTION: FEATURES; Dear Abby

LENGTH: 402 words


Dear Abby: I have just learned that a friend's 16-year-old daughter has two
Facebook profiles. One is a 'nice' profile to which she has invited me, her
family and friends from her days at a Christian academy. The other, which is
pretty raw, she uses with her new 'wild' friends from public high school.

The first profile portrays her as the perfect student and daughter. The other
includes explicit details about her sexual exploits and drinking parties. Should
I keep my nose out of it or let her parents know?

-- Vigilant in Everett, Wash.

Dear Vigilant: Ask yourself whether you would want to be warned about your minor
child's drinking and sexual exploits or be kept in the dark, and you'll have
your answer.

Dear Abby: My 5-year-old son, "Miles," is passive, kind and a genuinely sweet
kid. He has made friends with some neighborhood kids who are his age or a few
years older.

While watching them play, I have noticed a few of the more aggressive boys
tackle, push or kick him, and even punch him. Afterward, I asked Miles why he
didn't stick up for himself. He said he didn't want to hurt anyone's feelings.

Obviously, I don't want my son engaging in fighting or resorting to violence.
However, I am torn as to whether I should intervene. I have talked to Miles
about how friends should treat each other. With that in mind, he ought to be
able to say "stop" when someone gets too rough.

Should I step in to correct the other child? Should I speak to the other
parents? Or do I allow my son to work it out on his own?

-- Helicopter Mom

Dear Mom: If you step in and "correct" the other boys, it will make your son
appear weak. If you speak to their parents, it will make those boys resent your
child.

If Miles were my son, I would sign him up for activities where he will be part
of a team. It will give him self-confidence, help to improve his athletic
skills, make him more physically fit and introduce him to other children.

Dear Abby: Do you think it's appropriate to laugh when someone inadvertently
falls?

I have never found it amusing to see someone fall. Instead, I feel concern. Some
of my friends think laughing is not only the appropriate response, but
"necessary" to help ease the embarrassment of the individual who has fallen.
Who's right?

-- Compassionate Witness in Seattle

Dear Compassionate: You are. And watch out for those "friends," because they
lack maturity or empathy -- or both.

Write to DearAbby.com .

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 17, 1993, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Ex-House aide faces sentencing

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 232 words


Former House sergeant-at-arms Jack Russ displayed "thoroughly reprehensible"
conduct and should be imprisoned at least two years for his role in the House
bank scandal, the Justice Department said Thursday. Russ faces sentencing today
on three felony counts after a guilty plea in October. He acknowledged
embezzling $ 75,300 from the House bank, defrauding investors and lenders of $
445,000 for his business, and filing an incomplete financial disclosure
statement. MARITAL BLISS: A new Pentagon report says military life is tough on
marriages, but the wedded state doesn't seem to harm national security, The
Associated Press reports. The study - expected to be made public next week -
found there is no statistical relationship between marital status and the
readiness of troops to go to war. The study was ordered after Marine Corps
Commandant Carl Mundy approved a plan, later blocked, to stop enlisting married
men and women. BRIEFLY: President Clinton will give his State of the Union
address to Congress Jan. 25. . . . Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, R-Texas,
reaffirmed her innocence Thursday against ethics charges stemming from her
tenure as state treasurer. . . . James Lee Buchanan, 41, of Kansas City, Mo.,
pleaded guilty to threatening to kill Clinton. He was held without bond. . . .
The Navy retired its last wooden minesweeper, the Exploit, commissioned in 1954.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

WASHINGTON; ALSO IN WASHINGTON

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              317 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

Former New York City Public School Teacher Pleads Guilty To Receiving Child
Pornography

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys,Southern District of New
York has issued the following news release:



   Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, announced that JON CRUZ, a former teacher and debate coach at the Bronx
High School for Science, pled guilty today to one count of receiving child
pornography.  CRUZ, who was arrested on March 5, 2015, entered his plea before
United States District Judge P. Kevin Castel.





 U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said:  "Crimes that sexually exploit and victimize
children are some of the most disturbing and harmful.  It is particularly so
when those entrusted to teach and guide our children in our schools, instead
lure and then sexually exploit them.  Jon Cruz, a public school teacher and
well-known debate coach, has admitted to doing just that, having now pled guilty
to receiving child pornography."



 According to the Complaint, the Indictment, and other documents filed in the
case, as well as statements made during the plea proceedings:



 From July 2014 through December 2015, JON CRUZ, while employed as a teacher and
debate coach at Bronx High School for Science, engaged in multiple chats over a
mobile communication application and social media service with at least five
minor victims from different states.  In those chats, CRUZ, who was aware of the
ages of the victims, provided payments to the victims in exchange for sexually
explicit photographs of themselves.



 *          *          *



 CRUZ, 33, of New York, New York, pled guilty to one count of receiving child
pornography, which carries a mandatory minimum sentence of five years in prison
and a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.  The maximum potential sentence in
this case is prescribed by Congress and is provided here for informational
purposes only, as any sentencing of the defendant will be determined by the
judge.



 Mr. Bharara praised the investigative work of the FBI in this matter.



 This case is being handled by the Office's General Crimes Unit.  Assistant
United States Attorney Shawn G. Crowley is in charge of the prosecution.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

Former New York City Public School Teacher Pleads Guilty To Receiving Child
Pornography

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys,Southern District of New
York has issued the following news release:



   Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, announced that JON CRUZ, a former teacher and debate coach at the Bronx
High School for Science, pled guilty today to one count of receiving child
pornography.  CRUZ, who was arrested on March 5, 2015, entered his plea before
United States District Judge P. Kevin Castel.





 U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said:  "Crimes that sexually exploit and victimize
children are some of the most disturbing and harmful.  It is particularly so
when those entrusted to teach and guide our children in our schools, instead
lure and then sexually exploit them.  Jon Cruz, a public school teacher and
well-known debate coach, has admitted to doing just that, having now pled guilty
to receiving child pornography."



 According to the Complaint, the Indictment, and other documents filed in the
case, as well as statements made during the plea proceedings:



 From July 2014 through December 2015, JON CRUZ, while employed as a teacher and
debate coach at Bronx High School for Science, engaged in multiple chats over a
mobile communication application and social media service with at least five
minor victims from different states.  In those chats, CRUZ, who was aware of the
ages of the victims, provided payments to the victims in exchange for sexually
explicit photographs of themselves.



 *          *          *



 CRUZ, 33, of New York, New York, pled guilty to one count of receiving child
pornography, which carries a mandatory minimum sentence of five years in prison
and a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.  The maximum potential sentence in
this case is prescribed by Congress and is provided here for informational
purposes only, as any sentencing of the defendant will be determined by the
judge.



 Mr. Bharara praised the investigative work of the FBI in this matter.



 This case is being handled by the Office's General Crimes Unit.  Assistant
United States Attorney Shawn G. Crowley is in charge of the prosecution.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            March 1, 2006 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Legislature 2006: Macon general honored

BYLINE: NANCY BADERTSCHER

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 121 words


The Georgia House paused Tuesday to remember retired Brig. Gen. Robert L. Scott,
a Macon native and World War II fighting ace who wrote of his wartime exploits
in the best-selling "God is My Co-pilot."

Scott, 97, died Monday at a Warner Robins nursing home.

Scott gained national prominence first for his World War II exploits in the
China-Burma-India theater, then with the book. Rep. Larry O'Neal (R-Warner
Robins) remembered Scott as "a great friend and personal hero."

O'Neal told the House he attended an event a few weeks ago at which Scott
struggled to rise from his wheelchair for the singing of the national anthem.

"It brought tears to my eyes," O'Neal said. "I believe Scotty's now and will be
forever with his co-pilot."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              320 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 31, 2003 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Mutual Fund Chief Says He'll Quit if 'Appropriate'

BYLINE: Kathleen Day and Brooke A. Masters, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: Financial; E01

LENGTH: 733 words


The chief executive of Strong Financial Corp. promised yesterday to reimburse
his company's mutual funds for any losses experienced because of his personal
trading, and said he would resign "if it becomes appropriate."

Richard S. Strong, 61, is under investigation by New York state Attorney General
Eliot L. Spitzer and the Securities and Exchange Commission into whether he
engaged in "market timing" of his own stock funds. Spitzerhas sparked an
industry-wide review of the $7 trillion mutual fund business, in which 95
million Americans own shares. He said this week that he is likely to bring
charges against Strong, who founded the Wisconsin-based firm that bears his name
in 1974.

Market timing is a legal short-term strategy that seeks to exploit the fact that
stock prices change continually while mutual funds are priced once a day. But
timing can violate the law if the trader exploits inside knowledge or company
insiders and favored customers engage in the practice while preventing others
from doing so.

Strong, who owns a controlling interest in the privately held firm, said in a
prepared statement that he does not believe his personal trading was
"disruptive." But he promised to reimburse investors for any losses.

He is the highest ranking mutual fund executive to be caught up in the rapidly
expanding investigation, which has already resulted in criminal charges against
three people and civil charges against  Putnam Investments and two of its
executives, and a hedge fund.

"I am totally committed to this company . . . and its investors. If it becomes
appropriate, I would be prepared to step aside to enable new leadership to bring
new energies to this company," Strong said. The funds' independent directors
also said they would investigate trading by Strong and other employees.

Also yesterday, Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman William H. Donaldson
defended his agency's oversight of the mutual fund industry, saying the worst of
the trading abuses that have come to light in recent weeks were nearly
impossible to detect without a tip.

His remarks came at a congressional hearing at which he was asked to respond to
pointed published comments by . Spitzer, who first uncovered evidence of illegal
trading in the industry.

"I am really disappointed that the regulatory structure did not pick this up. It
wasn't that hard to detect from trading patterns," Spitzer said in an interview
yesterday, repeating his concerns. "We need to create a new environment."

Donaldson, while acknowledging that SEC oversight of the industry could be
improved, termed Spitzer's criticism "counterproductive."  The widening scandal
focuses on two short-term trading practices, late trading and market timing.
Late trading is clearly illegal, because it breaks a 1968 law that requires
mutual fund orders placed after 4 p.m. to trade at the next day's price.

Donaldson told members of the House Financial Services Committee that the
agency's probe has found that problems are more pervasive than investigators
expected. "Market-timing and late-trading issues are quite widespread," he said.

Speaking after the hearing, he said evidence that some mutual fund insiders
engaged in such practices is even "worse" and "pretty upsetting." But rather
than trade barbs, state and federal regulators "should be concentrating on the
perpetrators, on the lawbreakers," he said.

"We're not out to make headlines," he said. "When we see malfeasance, we'll act
on it."

Also yesterday, Putnam  acknowledged it had received a subpoena from the U.S.
attorney's office in Manhattan, which also is looking into the mutual fund
scandal. The SEC and Massachusetts regulators filed civil fraud charges against
Putnam earlier this week, alleging that the firm failed to stop portfolio
managers from engaging in "market timing" trades that siphoned profits from the
funds they personally managed.

In another development related to the probe, the Investment Company Institute,
the trade group for mutual fund managers, yesterday came out in favor of reforms
to end abuses in mutual fund trading. The ICI said it would support a 4 p.m.
deadline for filing orders for mutual fund trades to prevent abuses in which
brokers turned in illegal late orders that they claimed had been made by 4 p.m.
The trade group also said it supports charging a 2 percent fee for quick
in-and-out market timing trades.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              321 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

SENIOR NETWORK SECURITY ENGINEER

LENGTH: 679  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following news release:

Job Information

Company:
    CTG
    Location:
    Multiple locations
    Job Status/Type:
    Full Time
    Employee
    Job Category:
    IT/Software Development
    Occupation:
    Computer/Network Security
    Industry:
    Computer/IT Services
    Career Level:
    Experienced (Non-Manager)
    Reference Code:
    14203321

SENIOR NETWORK SECURITY ENGINEER
SENIOR NETWORK SECURITY ENGINEER

CTG is currently recruiting for a Senior Network Security Engineer for either
Jersey City, NJ or Omaha, NE locations. The choice is yours.

Duration is anticipated to be through February 2015 with possible extensions.

We are seeking the following skills:
As a Security Engineer the person in this position will have broad areas of
responsibility including network and system audit, penetration testing,
vulnerability scanning and mapping, exploit research and reporting, providing
governance role for SEA areas of responsibility and metric reporting. Requires
extensive knowledge of how to exploit and undermine system and software weakness
and areas of vulnerability without disrupting vital business systems and
processes. Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills, as part
of the responsibilities of the position is to act in a consulting role for
fixing problems found
.
 Job Function:
o Perform penetration tests, develop detailed technical recommendations and
present findings.
o Performs vulnerability scans and assists in management of scanning
infrastructure
o Develops, improves and assists in management of metrics program
o Consult with application developers, administrators and management to ensure
that proper security controls are identified, implemented, and tested.
o Perform technical assessments of technologies to identify security issues.
o Perform research of emerging security issues and vulnerabilities.
o Manages various unique and in depth security assessment tests
o Understands, interprets, and test local security policies and system hardening
procedures
o Provides oversight of SEA governance program including patching, AV, HIDS,
FIM, and others as assigned Skills Required: o Experience performing security
testing in production environments
o Experience performing Penetration Tests or Application Assessments
o Knowledge of network protocols, data flows, and vulnerabilities with a TCP/IP
environment
o Solid understanding of information security, security policies, account
security policies, and standards for logical and physical security
implementations
o Knowledge of PCI and other industry compliance standards.  Ability to
prioritize and re-prioritize tasks in a rapidly changing environment
 o Ability to work independently
 o Understanding of programming languages, such as C, C++, Perl, and Python
o Detailed knowledge of Windows, UNIX, Linux OS including Administration and
Security
o Strong troubleshooting and analytical skills.
o Excellent communications skills with all levels, from end users to executives
o Experienced vulnerability Scanning capabilities
o Semantic Endpoint Support Experience:
o Demonstrated experience in Information Security
o Experience in Networking and production system environments

Education:
 o Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent
experience

Certifications:
 o Security certifications such as CISSP, CEH and CISA are very desirable


As a Security Engineer the person in this position will have broad areas of
responsibility including network and system audit, penetration testing,
vulnerability scanning and mapping, exploit research and reporting, providing
governance role for SEA areas of responsibility and metric reporting. Requires
extensive knowledge of how to exploit and undermine system and software weakness
and areas of vulnerability without disrupting vital business systems and
processes. Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills, as part
of the responsibilities of the position is to act in a consulting role for
fixing problems found.

For more information please visit: http://www.ndia.org

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

SENIOR NETWORK SECURITY ENGINEER

LENGTH: 679  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following news release:

Job Information

Company:
    CTG
    Location:
    Multiple locations
    Job Status/Type:
    Full Time
    Employee
    Job Category:
    IT/Software Development
    Occupation:
    Computer/Network Security
    Industry:
    Computer/IT Services
    Career Level:
    Experienced (Non-Manager)
    Reference Code:
    14203321

SENIOR NETWORK SECURITY ENGINEER
SENIOR NETWORK SECURITY ENGINEER

CTG is currently recruiting for a Senior Network Security Engineer for either
Jersey City, NJ or Omaha, NE locations. The choice is yours.

Duration is anticipated to be through February 2015 with possible extensions.

We are seeking the following skills:
As a Security Engineer the person in this position will have broad areas of
responsibility including network and system audit, penetration testing,
vulnerability scanning and mapping, exploit research and reporting, providing
governance role for SEA areas of responsibility and metric reporting. Requires
extensive knowledge of how to exploit and undermine system and software weakness
and areas of vulnerability without disrupting vital business systems and
processes. Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills, as part
of the responsibilities of the position is to act in a consulting role for
fixing problems found
.
 Job Function:
o Perform penetration tests, develop detailed technical recommendations and
present findings.
o Performs vulnerability scans and assists in management of scanning
infrastructure
o Develops, improves and assists in management of metrics program
o Consult with application developers, administrators and management to ensure
that proper security controls are identified, implemented, and tested.
o Perform technical assessments of technologies to identify security issues.
o Perform research of emerging security issues and vulnerabilities.
o Manages various unique and in depth security assessment tests
o Understands, interprets, and test local security policies and system hardening
procedures
o Provides oversight of SEA governance program including patching, AV, HIDS,
FIM, and others as assigned Skills Required: o Experience performing security
testing in production environments
o Experience performing Penetration Tests or Application Assessments
o Knowledge of network protocols, data flows, and vulnerabilities with a TCP/IP
environment
o Solid understanding of information security, security policies, account
security policies, and standards for logical and physical security
implementations
o Knowledge of PCI and other industry compliance standards.  Ability to
prioritize and re-prioritize tasks in a rapidly changing environment
 o Ability to work independently
 o Understanding of programming languages, such as C, C++, Perl, and Python
o Detailed knowledge of Windows, UNIX, Linux OS including Administration and
Security
o Strong troubleshooting and analytical skills.
o Excellent communications skills with all levels, from end users to executives
o Experienced vulnerability Scanning capabilities
o Semantic Endpoint Support Experience:
o Demonstrated experience in Information Security
o Experience in Networking and production system environments

Education:
 o Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent
experience

Certifications:
 o Security certifications such as CISSP, CEH and CISA are very desirable


As a Security Engineer the person in this position will have broad areas of
responsibility including network and system audit, penetration testing,
vulnerability scanning and mapping, exploit research and reporting, providing
governance role for SEA areas of responsibility and metric reporting. Requires
extensive knowledge of how to exploit and undermine system and software weakness
and areas of vulnerability without disrupting vital business systems and
processes. Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills, as part
of the responsibilities of the position is to act in a consulting role for
fixing problems found.

For more information please visit: http://www.ndia.org

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Scottish Daily Mail

                            October 21, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

ON THIS DAY October 21, 2016

BYLINE: ETAN SMALLMAN

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 539 words


IT'S DAY 295...

SALES of false eyelashes at John Lewis are 295 per cent higher in Liverpool than
the national average. Amanda Scott, the department store's head of beauty, said:
'Liverpool's sales are all about false lashes and Newcastle's about fake tan -
showing that not all stereotypes are wrong.' THE world's most expensive burger
costs $295 (£240). Le Burger Extravagant, at New York City restaurant Seredipity
3, consists of Japanese Wagyu beef infused with white truffle butter, topped
with cheese, black truffles and a fried quail's egg, served on an edible
gold-dusted bread roll topped with caviar. BRITISH actress Jessica Tandy was the
oldest woman to win an Oscar for best actress. She won for Driving Miss Daisy in
1989 at the age of 80 years and 295 days.

THERE ARE 71 DAYS LEFT

GEORGE Orwell's (pictured) Animal Farm was published 71 years ago. He was
inspired to write the satirical novel after seeing a boy whipping a carthorse.
He said: 'It struck me that if only such animals became aware of their strength,
we should have no power over them, and that men exploit animals in much the same
way as the rich exploit the proletariat.' REMAINS of the oldest known feast were
found in a cave in Israel in 2010. The banquet 12,000 years ago included 71
tortoises roasted in their shells. Archaeologists believe they were eaten during
the funeral of an elderly woman of status.

HAPPY BIRTHDAY

LORD (PETER) MANDELSON, 63. The ex-Business Secretary was forced to resign twice
from the Cabinet. Since his days as a Labour MP, he has been dogged by a story
that he went into a chippie in his Hartlepool constituency, pointed to the mushy
peas and asked for 'some of that guacamole'. Although it skewered Mandy's
metropolitan reputation, he never said it but Neil Kinnock attributed it to him
as a tease.

MANFRED MANN, 76. The South Africanborn musician was the frontman of 1960s
English rock band Manfred Mann, who had hits with Do Wah Diddy Diddy and Pretty
Flamingo. In 2003, it emerged that he possessed three previously unknown hymns
by Edward Elgar.

BORN ON THIS DAY

DIZZY GILLESPIE (1917-1993). The American jazz legend - trumpeter, composer and
singer - was born John Birks Gillespie, the youngest of nine children. He was
known for playing a 'bent' trumpet (right). It started after two dancers fell on
it, bending the bell upwards, and Dizzy liked the change in tone that resulted.

SAMUEL TAYLOR COLERIDGE (1772-1834). The Devon-born poet wrote The Rime Of The
Ancient Mariner - but added much more to our language. He coined countless
words, including soulmate, bisexual, boastfulness, dream world, dynamic,
factual, pessimism and psychosomatic.

ON OCTOBER 21...

IN 1945, women in France were able to vote for the first time in parliamentary
elections - 27 years after their British counterparts. IN 1966, 144 people were
killed, including 116 children, when a colliery slag heap came crashing down on
to a school in Aberfan, near Merthyr Tydfil, in Wales.

QUOTE FOR TODAY

'THE trouble with having an open mind is that people will insist on coming along
and trying to put things in it.

Sir Terry Pratchett, novelist (1948-2015)

JOKE OF THE DAY

WHY are ghosts so bad at lying? You can see right through them.

Compiled by ETAN SMALLMAN

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMLscot


                    Copyright 2016 Associated Newpapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 5, 2006 Monday

In seconds, a name etched into hockey history;
He skated just one shift in the '49 playoffs, but Harry Taylor got a place on
the Cup

BYLINE: TOM HAWTHORN, Special to The Globe and Mail

SECTION: BRITISH COLUMBIA NEWS; Pg. S2

LENGTH: 802 words

DATELINE: VICTORIA


Of the 2,324 names on the Stanley Cup, one of the more obscure belongs to Harry
Taylor.

In a long hockey career, Mr. Taylor skated a single shift in a single National
Hockey League playoff game. He didn't score a goal or register an assist. He
wasn't even assessed a penalty.

All he did was jump over the boards to take a spin on the ice at Maple Leaf
Gardens in Toronto.

Those seconds earned him a spot on the Cup, his name engraved alongside those of
better known teammates from the 1948-49 Maple Leafs.

"I was blessed at being the right guy in the right place at the right time with
the right team," he said.

Mr. Taylor, 80, is cheering for the Edmonton Oilers to administer a caning to
the Carolina Hurricanes when the best-of-seven Stanley Cup finals begin tonight.
A long-time Leafs fan, he can hardly believe 39 seasons have passed since
Toronto last won the Cup.

These days, though, he does not much care for hockey, and is uncertain whether
he will watch the finals. He lives in Sidney in an apartment that betrays no
hint of a decade-long professional hockey career. He has been a Red, a Baron, a
Flyer, a Bison, a Hornet, a Greyhound and a Senator.

Mr. Taylor was born in St. James, Man., outside Winnipeg. His exploits as a
junior player with the St. James Canadians earned him the attention of the
Winnipeg Free Press, which entertained its readers with the exploits of a player
they called Hustling Harry.

He tried to enlist in the army and the navy, but both rejected him for the sorry
state of his knees.

The forward won a Memorial Cup as part of the Dominion junior hockey champion
team, the hometown Monarchs, in 1946. After the series, the Leafs offered him a
contract.

The 5-foot-8, 165-pound centre managed just two assists in a nine-game NHL
debut. "Just a little cup of coffee," he said, using sportsman's jargon for a
brief call-up. He spent most of the 1946-47 season in the minor leagues at
Pittsburgh and Tulsa, Okla.

He spent a season in the American Hockey League with Providence, R.I., before he
got a second promotion to the Leafs, this one lasting 42 games, during which he
scored four goals and seven assists.

The fourth-place Leafs, who were trying to win the Cup for a third straight
year, faced the second-place Boston Bruins in the opening playoff round in 1949.

Toronto won the first two games in Boston 3-0 and 3-2 before the Bruins managed
a 5-4 victory in Toronto. The home side played a lacklustre game, so manager
Conn Smythe decided to tweak the roster.

Don Metz was to sit and Mr. Taylor was to dress. Mr. Smythe wanted the young
player to "get blooded" in the playoffs.

Coach Hap Day never did call on his new forward, but that did not stop Mr.
Taylor.

"A line change was coming up," he remembered. "I looked down the bench and saw
no one as ready as I was. So, I jumped over the boards and got into the action."

His foray was brief, even though "I stayed on as long as I could."

The Leafs won 3-1.After eliminating the Bruins in five games, the veteran Leafs
swept the Detroit Red Wings in four.

Toronto won with Turk Broda in goal, bashing Bill Barilko on defence and dashing
Max Bentley at forward. For Mr. Taylor, his playoff debut was also his playoff
swan song.

His statistics read: TAYLOR 1-0-0-0-0. He had no goals, assists, points or
penalty minutes. But it was the one game that meant the most.

"I was lucky enough to get on the ice," Mr. Taylor said. "Sneak on the ice, you
could say."

Mr. Taylor had plenty more hockey in his legs, but he would never again wear the
blue-and-white. He later played 15 games with the NHL's Chicago Blackhawks, but
most of his working life was spent in minor-league rinks. In 1951, he won a
Calder Cup in the American Hockey League playing for the Cleveland Barons,
giving him the rare hockey trophy trifecta of Memorial, Calder and Stanley Cups.

After hanging up his skates, Mr. Taylor worked as a machinist, eventually
retiring from a management position with TransCanada Pipelines.

Last summer, a guardian from the Hockey Hall of Fame in Toronto escorted the
Stanley Cup to Sidney on a cross-country pilgrimage.

Mr. Taylor ran a finger over a band of silver on the first ring of the barrel on
which his name appears. He even sipped some water from the bowl. The old centre
was allowed many more minutes with the trophy than he got as a player back on
March 29, 1949.

He knows how lucky he is to have his name on the Cup. Ray Bourque played 1,826
games before at last earning the honour in 2001 and then retiring. Bill Gadsby
played 1,315 NHL games in a stellar career that earned him a place in the Hockey
Hall of Fame, yet he never got to touch the trophy.

Mr. Taylor skated one shift in one playoff game and his name is right there.

"As the song goes, they can't take it away from me," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                             August 25, 2014 Monday

Brooklyn Bridge caper: What is it with New York and thrill seekers?;
In a social media era, New York City's iconic structures have become prized
venues for dizzying, off-limits exploits and instant imaging that draw big
audiences, but leave New York City police less enthused.

BYLINE: Harry Bruinius Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 649 words


New York's iconic Brooklyn Bridge, its latticework of steel-wire suspension
cables - the first of its kind ever built - has been the site of daredevils in
search of snapshots this summer, as well as intrepid artists and activists
trying to make a statement.

The trespassers, too, have caused a bit of stir with the New York Police
Department and city officials the past month, especially since the city remains
on guard for acts of terror.

The latest incident came Sunday when a Russian man bypassed security gates and
shimmied up one the historic bridge's giant cables at high noon. The man,
Yaroslav Kolchin, a visitor from Moscow, reached the top of one of the granite,
Gothic-arched towers and then walked back and forth on its landing, snapping
photos of the city with his iPhone.

The stunt comes just a month after two German artists, Matthias Wermke and
Mischa Leinkauf, scaled both of the bridge's 276-foot towers and replaced their
American flags with handmade, all-white replicas during a 3 a.m. caper on July
22. The stunt embarrassed the NYPD and led to calls for greater security
measures at the busy bridge, which includes an often-crowded center walkway.

As Mr. Kolkin ascended the suspension cables midday Sunday, police patrolling
the bridge noticed immediately. Additional units, including harbor patrol boats
and an NYPD helicopter that hovered at tower level, were dispatched to the
scene, but the thrill-seeker simply stepped his way back down to the bridge's
walkway, where he was met immediately and arrested without incident.

Kolkin was charged with reckless endangerment, criminal trespass, and
obstructing governmental administration, and held on a $5,000 bond. His defense
attorney, Paul Liu, says he works in advertising and came to NYC with a Russian
tour group.

The city's iconic structures have more and more become the targets of a variety
of thrill seekers out to make a name for their exploits - especially in a social
media era in which unusual photographs from dizzying heights are celebrated and
followed by tens of thousands of followers.

Like the graffiti exploits of a bygone era, a new breed of "outlaw
Instagrammers" have made New York City a playground of off-limits photo ops,
according to a report in New York Magazine. They "make their work in the cracks
of the urban landscape" and then post their creative photos online.

The Berlin-based artists who replaced the American flags atop the Brooklyn
Bridge's towers with white replicas on July 22 said they were commemorating the
bridge's Berlin-born architect, John Roebling, who died that day in 1869.

"We saw the bridge, which was designed by a German, trained in Berlin, who came
to America because it was the place to fulfill his dreams, as the most beautiful
expression of a great public space," Mr. Leinkauf told The Guardian, a British
daily.

Critics have called their work "post graffiti," and some of their other stunts
have included scaling skyscrapers in Tokyo and Prague and dangling precariously
from famous bridges. They film their daredevil work and exhibit them at various
art exhibitions.

On Thursday last week, however, the duo finally returned the American flags to
authorities at the US Embassy in Berlin, The Wall Street Journal reported.

Police Commissioner Bill Bratton told the Journal that such stunts underscore
the city's need for "staying very focused" on the city's landmarks, and on "the
acquisition of better capabilities to predict and forestall something
happening."

While thrill seekers attempt to make a name for themselves in the media capital
of the world, the threat of terrorism remains acute in the city, Mr. Bratton
said. John Miller, deputy commissioner for intelligence and counterterrorism for
the NYPD, said Thursday that the caper "really made us look at that bridge ...
and say, 'Where do we have to get in terms of technology so we have more sensors
and trip wires?' "

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            April 14, 2011 Thursday

A.M. BRIEFING

SECTION: Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 438 words


CATERPILLAR WILL CLOSE FINANCING OFFICE HERE

FCC Equipment Financing, a Jacksonville-based subsidiary of Caterpillar Inc.,
plans to close its office here by Aug. 31. The company specializes in equipment
loans and leases to the construction industry, for-hire truck fleets and private
carriers.

A spokesman for Caterpillar said the office, at 12740 Gran Bay Parkway W., is
being relocated to Nashville, Tenn., as part of an expansion and consolidation
of Caterpillar Financial Services based there.

All 57 FCC employees have been offered to keep their jobs if they agree to
relocate to Nashville.

Kevin Turner The Times-Union

CYBER THIEVES CHARGED IN MALWARE EXPLOITS

The FBI and the Justice Department on Wednesday began dismantling a ring of
international computer thieves who have stolen an undetermined amount of money
by infecting over 2.3 million computers with malicious software, the biggest
such enforcement action U.S. authorities have ever taken against cyber
criminals.

Investigators were trying to contain a malware program called Coreflood were
executing a court order to seize 29 domain names.

The malware exploits a vulnerability in computers running Windows operating
systems and allows those that are infected to be controlled remotely.

Associated Press

GOOGLE, MICROSOFT GAIN SHARE OF SEARCHES

Google Inc. gained share in the U.S. online-search market last month, according
to ComScore Inc., a sign that it may be benefiting from changes aimed at weeding
out results that are of little value to users.

The company had 65.7 percent of searches in March, an increase from 65.4 percent
in February.

Google aims to improve the relevance of results while facing scrutiny from
regulators who are exploring whether the company uses its lead in search to
thwart rivals.

Microsoft's Bing search engine had 13.9 percent of searches in March, up from
13.6 percent a month earlier.

Yahoo's share slipped to 15.7 percent, from 16.1 percent the previous month.

Bloomberg News

POOL COMPANY HEAD GUILTY IN DROWNING

A swimming pool company president charged in a Connecticut boy's drowning has
pleaded guilty to criminally negligent homicide.

In what is believed to be the first case of a pool company executive being
charged, David Lionetti pleaded guilty under an agreement that calls for no
prison time.

Prosecutors allege Lionetti recklessly caused 6-year-old Zachary Cohn's death in
2007 in Greenwich, because his company failed to install a required safety
device that would have prevented the boy's arm from getting stuck in a powerful
pump drain.

His attorney has said Lionetti was unaware of a 2004 law requiring the device.

Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Florida Times-Union


                              327 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                       July 1, 2002 Monday Final Edition

A baseball debate for the ages: Who was better?: Comparing the giants of the
game is as chancy as stacking apples against oranges, with no definitive answer.
Allen Barra breaks down the numbers to come up with his opinion.

SOURCE: The Wall Street Journal

BYLINE: Allen Barra

SECTION: Sports; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 744 words

Mickey Mantle or Willie Mays?

Roger Clemens or Sandy Koufax?

Who was better?

Of all the questions I've been asked in the past few years, it seems that
everything has to come down to the classic duels.

And when it comes to baseball, these are the two pairs of players that I hear
about all of the time. The volume concerning the latter became louder after my
pronouncement last fall that Clemens was the greatest starting pitcher in
history -- or at the very least, the best in the second half of the 20th
century.

Mantle vs. Mays

Because both were about the same age, the same size, played the same position in
the same city and had virtually the same talents, this is likely the
most-argued-about duo in baseball history.

Over the long haul, the almost-never-injured Mays was the more valuable of the
two. But that isn't a definitive answer. What about a comparison of the two at
each of their peaks? Looking at a dozen of each player's seasons, I found, to my
surprise, that Mantle was the superior ballplayer.

How did I arrive at this?

Fielding. Mays was the superior outfielder, but not by that wide a margin. In
centre field, he averaged 2.56 fly balls per game, compared with Mantle's 2.26.
But break that down further: Every few games, Mays got to a fly that Mantle
couldn't -- or, perhaps, never had a chance to get to because Yankee pitchers
struck out so many more batters than the Giants.

Baserunning. Although Mays was thought to be better on the basepaths, Mantle
might have better used his speed. While Mays led the National League in steals
from 1956 through 1959, with 338 out of 441 (for a 76.6-per-cent success rate)
overall, The Mick, who was seldom called on to steal, was even more difficult to
throw out. He stole 153 bases in 191 attempts, for an impressive 80.1-per-cent
average.

Batting. Neither player was helped or hurt by his home ballpark. (Some say Mays,
who ended with 660 anyway, lost more than 100 home runs to strong winds at San
Francisco's Candlestick Park, but, in fact, he hit more at the 'Stick than he
did on the road.) Both were remarkably close in consistency and power. The edge
is in the batting eye: While Mays played in 591 more games, Mantle walked 269
more times. His career on-base average of .421 (37 points higher than Mays's) is
higher than any modern slugger's, including Barry Bonds's (.419 career).

Clemens vs. Koufax

This debate's a bit trickier, because Koufax only had six good seasons. Still,
if we go by Clemens's six best years, we have a point of comparison.

From 1961-66, Sandy Koufax started 221 games and was 129-47, for a winning
percentage of 73. In Roger Clemens's six best seasons -- 1986-87, 1990, 1992 and
1997-98 -- he started 199 games and went 124-43, for a winning percentage of 74.

In his peak years, Koufax completed 115 games, enough to lead the league twice;
Clemens completed just about half of that amount -- 60 -- and led his league
twice. (Of course, games have been harder to complete during the Clemens era,
with modern pitchers wearing down faster in games by using far more pitches.)

During those years, Koufax walked 412 batters; Clemens walked 422 in his
equivalent. Each won five earned-run average titles in peak form.

In 1965, Koufax posted a 2.04 ERA, while the league, as a whole, was 3.65. In
1997, Clemens had a 2.05 ERA, but in an even higher-scoring league, which had an
average of 4.29.

So who was better? The numbers provide no clear answer. I'd say it comes down to
this: Sandy Koufax's best six seasons were consecutive and all remarkably alike
in terms of consistency. Roger Clemens' six best were scattered over a 13-year
period.

My guess is that Koufax at his peak -- from his mid-20s to his retirement at age
31 -- was the better pitcher.

But for the long haul, Clemens has probably been the best starting pitcher of
the past 50 years.

- - -

Mantle vs. Mays

In their 12 best major-league seasons, Willie Mays played in 128 more games than
Mickey Mantle. But the difference is actually greater -- Mays almost always
played entire games, whereas Mantle often appeared as just a pinch hitter when
injured.

Mays vs. Mantle

Games 1,850 1,722

At Bats 7,003 6,020

Base on Balls 876 1,308

Runs 1,421 1,372

RBI 1,311 1,198

Home Runs 481 426

Batting Avg. .317 .321

On-base Avg. .393 .433

Slugging Avg. .556 .589

SLOB 21.85 25.50

Note: 'SLOB' is calculated by multiplying a batter's on-base average by his
slugging average.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Associated Press; The exploits of slugging outfielders
Mickey Mantle and Willie Mays, above, and fireballing pitchers Roger Clemens and
Sandy Koufax, fuel the endless debates over who surpassed whom on the diamond.;
Photo: The Associated Press; The exploits of slugging outfielders Mickey Mantle
and Willie Mays, and fireballing pitchers Roger Clemens, above, and Sandy
Koufax, fuel the endless debates over who surpassed whom on the diamond.; Photo:
The Associated Press; The exploits of slugging outfielders Mickey Mantle and
Willie Mays, and fireballing pitchers Roger Clemens, and Sandy Koufax, above,
fuel the endless debates over who surpassed whom on the diamond.

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   InfoWorld

                            November 27, 2006 Monday

SECURITY ADVISER: Patch those wireless drivers

BYLINE: Roger A. Grimes

SECTION: OPINIONS Vol. 28 No. 48

LENGTH: 670 words


Wireless network card drivers have been under attack since the Black Hat
USA 2006 conference, and nearly every super-popular driver now appears
vulnerable. Security researchers David Maynor and Jon Ellch started things off
by targeting an Apple MacBook's wireless driver at the August show, and
hackers' interest in the new attack vector was quickly piqued.

Intel Centrino wireless drivers were among the first to fall, tumbling in July
of this year. On November 11, hacker Johnny Cache reported a stacked based
buffer overflow in the widely used Broadcom wireless driver. Broadcom drivers
are used in Cisco, Linksys, and Dell wireless NICs.

Netgear wireless devices were found vulnerable just last week, and D-link
wireless drivers are also exploitable. We're talking tens of millions of
exploitable desktop computers, laptops, and other wireless devices.

Proof-of-concept exploit code abounds. Metasploit released at least two exploit
code modules (for Netgear and Broadcom), and others are cropping up all around
the Internet. Most exploit code currently works against Microsoft Windows or
Mac OS X, but exploit code writers note that Linux and FreeBSD systems are
just as likely to be exploitable.

Even though I have no specific information to back up my postulations, I'm
speculating that many more wireless drivers will fall in the coming months. If
I was a network system administrator, I would assume that unless my wireless
vendor told me different, my wireless driver is not safe.

And because wireless drivers usually run in the system or root security
contexts, a malicious attacker may remotely execute arbitrary code on a
vulnerable computer. That's right! You can be walking around with your laptop
in a hotel lobby or airport and get completely owned.

Initially, I thought it would be hard to worm this type of exploit, but upon
further reflection, a remote wireless attack is ripe for automated
exploitation. The first attacker could manually infect the first wireless
victim, and let the worm search for new victims from there.

It gets worse: Most laptops come with their wireless cards enabled, even if
they aren't used. Unbeknownst to you, your laptop could be sending out its
wireless broadcast signal. A hacker scans the airwaves to find victims: In
most cases, even without special antennas or other signal boosters, they need
only be within 120 feet of your laptop's physical location to compromise it.

I was recently on an U.S. Air Force base scanning for unauthorized wireless
access points. Every laptop I saw had a broadcasting Centrino chipset, even
though the base's policy disallowed wireless connections. If you don't need
wireless connectivity with an embedded chipset, make sure you disable it in
the BIOS.

It's true that affected wireless card vendors responded relatively quickly to
the exploits and introduced updated drivers without the previous buffer
overflows. Most vendors, however, haven't made the drivers overly easy to
find, although that is changing. Click these links to find the new drivers for
Dell, Intel, and Linksys.

My gut feeling tells me that this round of wireless exploits won't be the next
Slammer or Code Red, but who wants to be exploited by some jerk or
professional criminal while computing in an airport or using a laptop in your
own building? It's better to get patched.

Take an inventory of all your wireless devices: wireless access points,
wireless PCMCIA cards, built-in wireless chipsets, etc. Find out the driver
version numbers or dates, and then search the related vendor's Web site to
make sure every device has the most up to date patch available.

It's a lot of new work, I know. Patching your wireless drivers probably isn't
your number one security priority, but don't let it slip off the radar. Git
'er done!

InfoWorld Test Center Contributing Editor Roger A. Grimes is a Foundstone
Ultimate Hacking instructor/consultant teaching
Windows, Linux, Unix, and Solaris security. He is also the author of several
books, including Honeypots for Windows and Malicious Mobile Code: Virus
Protection for Windows.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


                      Copyright 2006 InfoWorld Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

MANCHESTER'S showbiz;
Got a story? Email:
dianne.bourne@men-news.co.ukorkatie.fitzpatrick@trinitymirror.com Phone: 0161
211 2816/2484 Twitter: @CelebManchester See more celebrity pictures, videos and
interviews THE DIARY online at: www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk dianne bourne &
katie fitzpatrickwith all the inside stories

BYLINE: dianne bourne & katie

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 16,17

LENGTH: 151 words


MANCHESTER'S showbiz Thomas brothers Adam, Ryan and Scott have been reunited
fresh from Adam's Australian exploits - and they've hinted they are brewing up
some exciting projects together.

Emmerdale star Adam was pictured back with his ex-Corrie star brother Ryan and
his Love Island twin Scott at the Cinnamon Club in London after what Scott
described as 'a very promising meeting' in the city for the lads. Adam was a
huge hit with TV viewers after his jungle exploits on I'm a Celeb - including
completing 11 gruesome challenges that led to him given the title 'Mr Bushtucker
Trial' by show hosts Ant and Dec.

After their night out Scott posted the message: 'A very promising meeting with
the bros in London! Looking forward to 2017'.

The snap sent their fans into meltdown, with many trying to guess what the
meeting could be about.

Many are hoping for a Thomas Brothers calender - or perhaps a fitness DVD...

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEN


                     Copyright 2016 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                           February 4, 2012 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Jewish Indiana Jones faces jail after admitting to $1m fraud

BYLINE: LARRY NEUMEISTER in New York

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 279 words


A charity co-founder who claimed he travelled the world as a "Jewish Indiana
Jones" to rescue Torahs has pleaded guilty to fraud charges, admitting that he
lied about his exploits.

Menachem Youlus, the owner of the Jewish Bookstore in Maryland, entered the plea
to mail and wire fraud charges in the US District Court in Manhattan. A plea
deal with prosecutors called for him to serve up to five years and three months
in prison. He will be sentenced on 21 June.

"I know what I did was wrong, and I deeply regret my conduct," Youlus, 50, said
as he described the lies he told between 2004 and 2010 to obtain funds from his
Save a Torah charity. Prosecutors said he defrauded the charity and its donors
out of $862,000.

The government said he fabricated detailed accounts of exploits to recover
Torahs lost or hidden during the Holocaust, including at the Auschwitz
concentration camp in Poland and the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in
Germany. During his plea, he said his lies included telling prospective buyers
that he had personally retrieved parts of one scroll from a metal box at
Auschwitz.

A criminal complaint said Youlus had distributed Torahs he bought from US
dealers to synagogues and congregations nationwide, sometimes at inflated rates.
He put nearly a third of the $1.2 m collected by the charity into his personal
accounts, spending some of it on private school tuition for his children and on
personal expenses, including meals and health care.

The publicly stated mission of the charity was to locate and acquire Torahs that
survived the Holocaust. But the authorities said Youlus rarely travelled abroad
during the years he had claimed to go Torah hunting.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2012 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                            December 13, 2010 Monday

Couple gets jail terms for duping Pinoys in US

BYLINE: BY JUN MEDINA

LENGTH: 741 words


MIAMI: A Florida couple was sentenced to jail for conspiring to exploit 39
Filipino guest workers in forced labor at hotels and country clubs in South
Florida, according to the US Attorney's Office.

Sophia Manuel, 41, and Alfonso Baldonado Jr., 46, were sentenced to six years
and half and four years and three months in federal prison on Friday (Saturday
in Manila) by a West Palm Beach, Florida federal court on charges of visa fraud
and submitting false written statements to the government.

West Palm Beach is located some 70 miles from Miami, a popular global tourist
destination.

Prosecutors said that Manuel and Baldonado, who owned and operated Quality
Staffing Services Corp., conspired to obtain cheap workers under the US H2B
workers' visa by making false promises to exploit the victims.

Court documents showed that the couple enticed the workers into paying $5,000
each in placement fees in exchange for phantom well-paying jobs in hotels and
tourist facilities in Florida.

Philippine Honorary Consul General Angelo Macatangay said that most of the
victims wept and hugged each other after the ruling was read.

"Justice has been served, and we thank the US authorities who investigated and
prosecuted this case," Macatangay said in an interview.

Macatangay-a retired surgeon from Staten Island, New York City who has devoted
his time and resources serving ethnic Filipinos in Florida-said that the
workers, who have been allowed to stay in the US on temporary visas now stand a
good chance in getting a "T" visa for victims of human trafficking.

Macatangay and his wife, Marilou, were invited by the workers who organized an
impromptu thanksgiving celebration in honor of the people who have helped them,
many of whom have opted to remain anonymous.

The honorary consul said that it was Marilou who painstakingly helped document
the workers complaint and coordinated with federal authorities such as the
Departments of Homeland Security, Justice and Labor.

The Macatangays are the parents of pretty Filipino-American actress Amanda Page,
a Famas best actress awardee, the Philippine equivalent of the US Academy Award
or Oscar.

Macatangay also paid tribute to Jofer Trinos, the workers' spokesman, who
patiently and courageously led his fellow workers in seeking redress for their
grievances.

Trinos, one of six workers who were allowed to speak during the sentencing,
thanked the authorities for taking up their case and spoke briefly of their
ordeal in brief, emotional remarks.

Trinos said that the defendants deserved the maximum prison sentence because of
what they have done to them, and many others, who he said, have not yet stepped
forward to pursue their complaints.

Threatened, maltreated

Court documents showed that Manuel and Baldonado compelled the victims to work
"with little or no pay" in different area hotels and country clubs.

"After the victims arrived at the defendants' residence in Boca Raton, Florida,
the defendants confiscated their passports [and] housed them in overcrowded,
substandard conditions without adequate food or drinking water," the documents
stated.

The workers were ordered not to leave the premises without permission and an
escort, and were threatened that they could arrested and deported for
complaining about their working terms and conditions.

"They came here seeking a better life, but found their dream of freedom and a
better life transformed into a real-life nightmare of servitude and fear," said
Wilfredo Ferrer, US lawyer for the Southern District of Florida.

Thomas Perez, assistant attorney general for the Civil Rights Division, said
that the victims were coerced and threatened with being arrested and deported if
they complained of their plight.

"These defendants victimized vulnerable individuals for profit," Perez said.
"Forced labor robs victims of their freedom and their dignity, and it will not
be tolerated in this country."

This case was investigated by the US Immigration and Customs and Enforcement
Homeland Security Investigations; the US Department of Labor's Office of Labor
Racketeering and Fraud Investigations; the Federal Bureau of Investigation; the
US Department of State-Bureau of Diplomatic Security; the Florida Department of
Law Enforcement; and the Florida Office of the Attorney General.

The case was prosecuted by trial lawyer Susan French of the Civil Rights
Division's Human Trafficking Prosecution Unit and Assistant US lawyer Shaniek
Maynard.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2010 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              332 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                February 5, 2001

Officials Take Action Against Security Hole;
In a move some view as risky, CERT announces patch at press conference

BYLINE: Dan Verton

SECTION: NEWS - HIGH; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 654 words

When Internet security groups last week discovered what has been called one of
the most significant vulnerabilities in years, they did something that even they
considered unusual, if not extraordinary: They held a press conference.
"There's always a tension between getting information out to the people who need
it and getting it out to the [hackers] who might use it," said Shawn Hernan,
team leader for vulnerability handling at the CERT Coordination Center at
Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, which led the charge against the
vulnerability. "We don't often issue press releases. The problem is, we don't
know what the intruders know."
CERT and Network Associates Inc. subsidiary PGP Security in Santa Clara, Calif.,
released simultaneous warnings last week about vulnerabilities in multiple
versions of the Internet Software Consortium's Berkeley Internet Name Domain
(BIND) server software (see box).
BIND allows Web servers run by companies and Internet service providers to
translate text-based Internet addresses into numbered IP addresses that can be
read and understood by computers.
Window of Vulnerability
Because BIND is used by more than 80% of all domain name servers on the
Internet, officials faced the daunting challenge of getting the word out that a
patch was available and needed to be installed immediately.
How many companies heeded the message and downloaded the patch isn't known, but
no break-ins resulting from the BIND problem were reported last week. However,
in an unrelated matter, Network Associates' servers were hit with a
denial-of-service attack last week (see page 16).
"The history is unfortunate in that a lot of people just don't upgrade," said
Hernan. "It's difficult, if you're not really paying attention, to distinguish
the insignificant vulnerabilities from the real problems."
One of the organizations government and private-sector experts hope will improve
and expand information-sharing is the recently created IT Information Sharing
and Analysis Center (IT-ISAC) in Atlanta. It is the fourth such industry
organization created so far.
"We don't hold press conferences," said Dan Ingevaldson, a technical manager at
Internet Security Systems Inc. in Atlanta, which runs the IT-ISAC. "We think the
benefits of keeping the exploits secret outweigh the benefits of learning how
the exploits work. We don't hand out the keys."
Planning for the Future
Without passing judgement on CERT's response in the BIND case, Harris Miller,
president of the Arlington, Va.-based Information Technology Association of
America, said that there may be incidents in the future when "shouting from the
rooftops is not the best way to spread the word."
In those cases, having an organization like the ISAC will be essential, he said.
"As to which situations call for a very visible announcement and which call for
a more controlled community to share that information, I do not think it is easy
to generalize," Miller added.
Tim Atkin, director of critical infrastructure protection at consulting firm SRA
International Inc. in Fairfax, Va., acknowledged the concerns some people may
have about going public with warnings. However, "our greatest vulnerability is
still human error or lack of information," he said. Although outreach efforts
are still in their infancy, they're getting a lot of attention from the security
community, he noted.
CERT won't know for months how successful its efforts were in the case of the
BIND vulnerabilities, said Hernan. The time line for when vulnerabilities are
announced vs. when hackers usually begin to exploit them is somewhere between
nine months and two years, he said.
"If we can go a year and get a reduced number of exploits, we will have done
better than the last time," Hernan said, referring to the now-infamous
distributed denial-of-service attacks that felled sites such as eBay Inc. and
CNN a year ago.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Computerworld, Inc.


                              333 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Geelong Advertiser (Australia)

                            March 20, 2010 Saturday
                                1 - Main Edition

Global growth starts locally

BYLINE: DENIS CRAVEN

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 434 words


International business figure says Geelong has the strength to exploit its
talent in IT and biotech sectors, DENIS CRAVEN reports

`You have a business community that is organising to exploit competencies and
bring them to the global market place' Prof JERRY ENGELS

AMERICAN business expert Professor Jerry Engels yesterday unleashed his
``glocal'' business strategy on Geelong's IT and biotech leaders.

Prof Engels gave 110 IT and biotech business people many ideas on how to grow
their business to international level during a three-hour presentation at
Skilled Stadium.

Prof Engels said going global was based on local strength, hence the word
glocal. ``That's my word, spelt G-L-O-C-A-L,'' he said.

``Geelong has great elements for the ICT (information, communication and
technology) sector and the biotech and lifesciences sector to build upon.

``You have good technology, a great university and more and more, you have a
business community that is organising to actually exploit these competencies and
bring them to scale and bring them to the global market place.

``The key for Geelong, like any emerging environments and emerging centres of
technology and learning, is to exploit that distinctive competence, that
knowledge, that capability in the global market place and to get in a
value-added position, not a quantative position, not a wage position, but one of
adding distinctiveness, uniqueness and capability.''

That could be achieved by building a local, vital community that had local
successes in immediate markets and over time by working in co-operation and
partnership with major corporations and entering the global market place as
quickly as possible, he said.

California-based Prof Engels has interests in several technology companies and
more than 30 years' experience in Silicon Valley.

Yesterday's workshop was jointly sponsored by the Federal Government through
Enterprise Connect, ITC Geelong, BioGeelong, Deakin University and the Victorian
Government's Multimedia Victoria.

Prof Engels said Australia was a great market place for flourishing companies
and had the advantage of being an English-speaking nation.

``All the emerging economies in the world are moving to English as the accepted
language of business. That is a huge opportunity for Australian businesses who
don't have to localise solutions and products to the extent that they would if
the emerging language was French, German or Chinese,'' he said.

Corio MP Richard Marles, the Parliamentary Secretary for Innovation and
Industry, said Prof Engels gave an invaluable insight into how Geelong could
learn from Silicon Valley.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GAT


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Kingdom

                                January 6, 2011

When sports moves off the back pages

SECTION: TP OMAHONY

LENGTH: 584 words


IT rarely happens to even the greatest of sport stars. To what do I refer? An
editorial in a national newspaper.

Even the very best do not warrant an editorial, except in exceptional
circumstances. And when it happens it's usually for exploits off the field or
the course rather than on it.

Tiger Woods comes immediately to mind. The news that the world's number one
golfer - as he then was - had a string of extramarital affairs came as a big
shock to his many fans around the globe.

As a result, he found himself all over the news pages whereas previously his
exploits would have engaged the attentions of sports reporters.

And because he had been perceived hitherto as a clean-cut hero and an
outstanding role model, his spectacular fall from grace also meant that
editorials - mostly damning - were written about him.

The same was true - though for very different reasons - of our own Michelle
Smith. First there were laudatory editorials following her outstanding successes
at the Atlanta Olympics and then these were quickly followed by condemnatory
editorials when claims that she was a drug cheat surfaced.

The latest to find himself the subject of a newspaper editorial is Shane Warne,
an Australian cricketing hero. To appreciate just how big a hero he is over
here, you would probably have to think of Roy Keane in an Irish context.

Speaking of Roy, he of course also found himself featuring in editorials
following the Saipan controversy during the World Cup, which, it can fairly be
said, divided the nation.

But let's get back to Shane Warne. Widely recognised by cricket aficionados as
the greatest spin bowler of all time, Warne also relished - and still does - his
bad boy image off the pitch. In fact, since his retirement he is rarely out of
the limelight or the headlines. Such is his reputation that Channel 9 has given
him his own talk show.

Enter Liz Hurley. Now one of Ms Hurley's claims to fame is that she once turned
up at a film premiere wearing a low-cut Versace dress held together by safety
pins. Classy safety pins, but pins nevertheless.

Needless to mention, the paparazzi had a field day, and the photograph of Liz in
her sexy dress was used on front pages worldwide.

Prior to that she was known primarily for four other reasons. She used to be
Hugh Grant's girlfriend and she starred in three movies - Austin Powers:
International Man of Mystery (1997), Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged me
(1999), and Bedazzled (2000).

Whether Warne saw any or all of these is not known. What is known is that he
went to London, ostensibly to get Ms Hurley to agree to appear on his show.
There followed, we are told, an affair.

But that came to an abrupt end when Warne's sexually explicit texts to a
Melbourne millionaire's wife were published by an English tabloid.

The paper claimed that Warne, who is divorced, had repeatedly asked Adele
Angeleri, a mother of two, for sex in more than 100 raunchy text messages, which
she ignored.

The tabloid then informed its readers that Ms Hurley had dumped Warne when she
learned he had been "sexting" Ms Angeleri.

"I have no plans to go to Australia," declared Ms Hurley.

Over here the Aussie papers have splashed the story. And in an editorial, the
tabloid Daily Telegraph asked: "Who needs soap operas when Shane Warne is
around?

The former champion spinner enjoys his notoriety, and it hasn't hurt him
commercially. Not yet. He might, though, learn some lessons from the Tiger Woods
saga.

'   TP O'Mahony is currently on a working holiday in Australia.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The News of the World (England)

                           September 24, 2006 Sunday

Matt making less of Moore

BYLINE: Gerry Hand

SECTION: BOXING

LENGTH: 185  words


TIPPERARY'S Matthew Macklin goes into battle for the British light middleweight
crown on Friday in confident mood.

Macklin (below) faces Manchester's Jamie Moore and he declared last night:
"Anything he can do I can do better."

The Birmingham-based 24-year-old added: "Jamie's an excellent fighter - I have
no doubt about that. I'm under no illusion about what I have ahead of me but I
feel that no matter what he does on the night I am certain I'll win.

"I'm the power puncher, which gives me an extra edge, plus I'm taller.

Exploit

"These are advantages I intend to exploit."

Macklin, who won the Irish middleweight crown in May last year against Michael
Monaghan, added: "I know Jamie very well as we both work out of Billy Graham's
gym in Manchester.

"But that really does not matter to me at all - once we get into the ring he's
not a friend just an obstacle to be removed.

"I want to be world champion; Jamie's blocking my way to that goal so he has to
be removed. Nothing personal, it just has to be done."

Macklin has been tuning up by sparring with Belfast's Brian Magee, the former
IBO super middleweight champ.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The News of the World (England)

                           September 24, 2006 Sunday

Matt making less of Moore

BYLINE: Gerry Hand

SECTION: BOXING

LENGTH: 185  words


TIPPERARY'S Matthew Macklin goes into battle for the British light middleweight
crown on Friday in confident mood.

Macklin (below) faces Manchester's Jamie Moore and he declared last night:
"Anything he can do I can do better."

The Birmingham-based 24-year-old added: "Jamie's an excellent fighter - I have
no doubt about that. I'm under no illusion about what I have ahead of me but I
feel that no matter what he does on the night I am certain I'll win.

"I'm the power puncher, which gives me an extra edge, plus I'm taller.

Exploit

"These are advantages I intend to exploit."

Macklin, who won the Irish middleweight crown in May last year against Michael
Monaghan, added: "I know Jamie very well as we both work out of Billy Graham's
gym in Manchester.

"But that really does not matter to me at all - once we get into the ring he's
not a friend just an obstacle to be removed.

"I want to be world champion; Jamie's blocking my way to that goal so he has to
be removed. Nothing personal, it just has to be done."

Macklin has been tuning up by sparring with Belfast's Brian Magee, the former
IBO super middleweight champ.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday

Trump is trying to exploit people's fears: Gabbard

LENGTH: 271 words

DATELINE: Washington


Washington, Dec. 9 -- Tulsi Gabbard, the first ever Hindu to be elected to the
US House of Representatives, today slammed Republican frontrunner Donald Trump
for his call for blocking all Muslims from entering the US, saying he is trying
to exploit people's fears for his own political purpose.

"It's clear what Donald Trump is doing; he's trying to exploit people's fears
for his own political purpose. I think it's important to look at where are these
fears coming from, these unfunded generalised fears of all Muslims,"
Congresswoman Gabbard told the CNN in an interview.

A democratic lawmaker from Hawaii, Gabbard was responding to questions on the
call given by Trump to temporarily prevent all Muslims from entering the United
States.

"It's really coming from failure of leaders in our country to make this
distinction between the vast majority of Muslims and this small minority who are
practicing or embracing this radical Islamic ideology also known as Islamism,"
she said.

"This ideology that is really a totalitarian political ideology that says some
form of Islam should be the governing doctrine over society or government. So,
that's why this distinction is so important," Gabbard said.

A vocal critic of the policies of US President Barack Obama, Gabbard alleged
that it is the failure of recognizing and identifying who enemy is and the
ideology that's driving it that brings to this point where these attacks
continue.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                          September 1, 2004 Wednesday

CONVENTION NOTEBOOK

BYLINE: STEVE TERRELL

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-2

LENGTH: 612 words


GOP tribute to Johnny Cash draws protesters

NEW YORK -- There are red states and blue states. And now there's a battle over
which can lay claim to the memory of the Man in Black.

Hundreds of demonstrators, many wearing the color favored by the late country
singer Johnny Cash, gathered Tuesday outside Sotheby's auction house in uptown
Manhattan.

Their purpose was to protest a reception sponsored by the American Gas
Association for Sen. Lamar Alexander and the Tennessee delegation to the
Republican National Convention.

The event was billed as a tribute to Johnny Cash.

And that riled some Cash fans on the political left.

"I'm a Johnny Cash fan, and I think he's a symbol for the working people and the
downtrodden," said Heidi Diehl, 23, of Brooklyn. "I don't think the Republicans
are helping people who are down and out. For them to have a tribute to Johnny
Cash is ironic."

Cash was neither a Republican nor a Democrat, says Rine Siegal, the Brooklyn
photographer who organized the demonstration.

Siegal said she became a Cash devotee only three or four years ago. "I first
became a fan listening to him in my grandpa's station wagon. When he sings, it's
from the bottom of his heart.

"It's offensive that they would try to exploit his memory. He was a great
uniter, not someone that one party can exploit. "

I walk the sign: While the demonstration was nonviolent, protesters booed GOP
delegates and others as they entered Sotheby's. Some followed and shouted at the
party guests, who had to follow a path behind police barriers to enter the
building. "You're the same people who put Johnny Cash in jail," one youth
screamed.

(Cash spent a night in the El Paso jail on a drug charge in the 1960s.)

Several demonstrators with guitars serenaded the rally with Cash tunes like Ring
of Fire, I Walk the Line and Folsom Prison Blues.

Ever so often, they sang a refrain, in the Cash style: "Those Republicans, they
got me rollin' in my grave."

Some protest signs borrowed from Cash lyrics, like the ones that said "I Walk
the Line for Kerry" and "Send Bush to Folsom."

And one, referencing a relatively obscure Cash tune, apparently was aimed at
Republicans. "Egg Sucking Dogs," it said.

Another referred to a country-music act booked to play at the convention: "You
Can Keep Your Brooks & Dunn, But Johnny Cash Belongs to Everyone."

Another sign had no words -- just the infamous photo of a young Cash giving an
obscene finger gesture to a photographer.

What would Johnny do? While protesters insisted Cash never would have condoned
Republicans "paying tribute" to him, one Nashville Democrat said Tuesday that
this might not be the case.

A spokesman for a Nashville organization called Music Row Democrats said his
group isn't concerned about the Sotheby's reception. "From our conversation with
Johnny's son, John Carter Cash, the event is for Sen. Lamar Alexander, who was
very close to Johnny," said Ed Pettersen, a singer/songwriter and music
producer, in a phone interview Tuesday.

"If this is in conjunction with a reception for Lamar Alexander, I have no
problem with it," Pettersen said. "But if it goes beyond that and the
Republicans start proselytizing, using Johnny Cash, I have a big problem with
it."

Republicans love Johnny too: Getting comment from the guests at the GOP Cash
tribute was difficult. Only invited guests could enter. And, because of the
large crowd of jeering demonstrators, delegates virtually ran in and out of
Sotheby's.

One who stopped and talked was William Hilleary, a delegate from Tennessee.

"These are a bunch of nuts," he said of the protesters. "They never accomplish
anything."

Asked if he was a Cash fan, Hilleary said, "I sure am. I'm from Tennessee."

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The New Mexican


                              339 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

PAYDAY LOANS;
Ga. suit seeks to stop lenders

BYLINE: Aaron Gould Sheinin; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 572 words



HIGHLIGHT: Attorney general says high-interest loans violate state law.


Western Sky Financial agreed in 2012 to stop offering payday loans to Georgians.
But Attorney General Sam Olens said the practice never stopped, and the state
has filed suit to put an end to the practice.

In addition to Western Sky, the state's suit names the company's owner, Martin
A. Webb, and a related company, CashCall of Anaheim, Calif. Georgia banned
payday loans in 2004.

"The defendants' utter disregard for the law of this state will not be
tolerated," Olens said in announcing the suit that was filed Friday. "I have
taken the necessary legal action to enforce the law and ensure that these
unscrupulous lenders will no longer be able to exploit Georgia consumers."

Payday loans are typically short-term transactions with high interest rates.
Critics claim payday lenders exploit people with low incomes who can end up
paying thousands of dollars in interest on a relatively small amount of
principal.

Western Sky's attorney was traveling Monday and was unavailable to comment. Webb
did not return a telephone message. Officials with CashCall could not be reached
for comment. Western Sky's website says the company is not a payday lender but
acknowledges annual interest rates of up to 342.86 percent.

The suit, filed in Fulton County, asks that the companies' loans in Georgia be
voided and that the firms be forced to pay a penalty equal to three times the
interest or other charges levied to Georgia borrowers. A spokeswoman for Olens
could not immediately say how many Georgians have been affected.

Western Sky, based in South Dakota, and CashCall are not licensed to lend money
in Georgia yet continue to offer the high-interest loans in the state, Olens
said.

Olens said Western Sky Financial funds the loans while CashCall services the
loans and manages collection of payment. Then-Attorney General Thurbert Baker
first contacted Western Sky's attorney in 2010 based on a complaint about
illegal payday lending. The company's lawyer, Cheryl F. Laurenz-Bogue, responded
that because the company is based on the Cheyenne River Indian Reservation and
is owned by a Cheyenne Sioux tribal member, it is not subject to Georgia law.

Olens' office, however, said courts have ruled against tribal immunity arguments
in other cases.

By May 2012, Olens said, the company had agreed to stop offering loans in
Georgia, an agreement Olens trumpeted to the media. But the company has
continued to solicit customers in Georgia and stopped communicating with his
office, Olens said.

A copy of Western Sky's home page dated July 3, included in the lawsuit, has a
list of states where the loans are not available. Georgia is not among them.

But Georgia was included in the prohibited states on the company's home page on
Monday. Yet, it continues to have another website specifically soliciting
business from Georgians. That site features the Georgia flag and says state
residents can apply for cash loans of $1,500 to $10,000.

Elena Parent, executive director of the consumer advocacy group Georgia Watch,
said her organization regularly helps people who have taken out loans from
Western Sky. Some of those affected signed up for the loans after Western Sky
promised to stop offering them here.

One consumer had taken out a $5,000 loan with an APR of 116 percent, Parent
said. The woman had already paid $2,000 and still owed more than $5,000.

"If she paid it through the life of the loan, she would pay over $42,000 over
seven years," Parent said.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2013 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              340 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             August 15, 2010 Sunday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

ACTORS GROPE FOR REALISM INSIDE FUZZY COSTUMES

BYLINE: STEPHANIE HAYES, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 634 words



HIGHLIGHT: Theme park denizens can be accused of misconduct when they can barely
see, move.


Plush characters are furry people magnets. The swollen, swinging bellies. The
oversized feet. The unblinking synthetic eyeballs.

Hug me.

We trust our children to pose with Piglet, to thumbs-up with Thumper. But every
so often, a story emerges detailing the sordid, grabby exploits of beloved
characters.

Last week, the Smoking Gun website uncovered a lawsuit by a Pennsylvania woman
who claims an employee dressed as Donald Duck groped her breast at Walt Disney
World's Epcot in 2008.

January brought Disney photographer Chris Mitchell's memoir Cast Member
Confidential, detailing sexual exploits of costumed actors, tales of Winnie the
Pooh peddling drugs from his rumbly tumbly.

In this age, people swarm with video phones to post awkward moments online. In a
YouTube video with almost 1.5 million views, vlogger Justine Ezarik dances
against an animatronic Chuck E. Cheese until he brushes her butt.

But "charactering," as it's known in the business, is not always simple.
Especially when you're covered in foam and can't see out of your mask.

"You're just this big, fluffy target," said Kelly Frank, who spent three years
as Raymond for the Tampa Bay Rays before being fired in 2008.

Pre-Raymond, Frank worked in the character departments at Epcot and Universal
Studios, where she repaired Dudley Do Right and Grinch suits.

"The Popeye character, you're seeing through his beard stubble," said Frank, 29.
"You're looking through reticulated foam. It's not the greatest."

Theme park costumes are cumbersome, she said, because they're designed for
standing in photos and looking good. Sports mascots have smaller feet and
lighter bodies to bound around bleachers and dance. But it's still not perfect.

Flubs are natural, blush-worthy moments inevitable. Once, a baseball fan
complained that Frank ditched his son to take pictures with pretty girls. She
didn't even see the kid, she said.

"You can't see everything," she said. "I've accidentally whacked people in the
chest and touched the wrong area. I have four fingers and I'm looking out of a
mouth. Stuff happens."

Character lawsuits tend to fizzle. In 2004, Tigger (or, the guy inside) was
acquitted on charges he fondled a 13-year-old girl at Walt Disney World, sparing
him 15 years in prison. During the trial, a lawyer donned the Tigger costume for
closing statements to argue his client couldn't see much.

David Russell understands. He spent two years as a koala, giraffe and tiger at
Busch Gardens, where he recalls being blindly punched in the gut by a teen.

"She just drilled me in the solar plexus," said Russell, a 32-year-old graphic
artist from Clearwater. "You have no peripheral vision. You try to compensate
for it as much as possible. You tend to make broad movements."

Most characters receive training. Mind your hands. Don't lean against people.

"You have to be very careful about what you do," said Todd Cassini, formerly
Scooby Doo and Yogi Bear at Ohio's King's Island. "It goes back as far as
charactering. You don't hold babies. You don't hold cameras."

Chuck E. Cheese staff training videos from the 1980s, archived for posterity on
YouTube, explain how to wear the mouse suit (socks matter), how to care for
Chuck (Lysol, Formula 409), how to playfully rub cake in a child's face.

This Chuck E. is making things happen, and he knows when to stop. He is
effectively reading his guests to know what he can get away with. ... If you try
to force things to happen, they can backfire on you. You have to know your
limitations.

Responsibility matters, characters said. There's strange power in a giant furry
head.

"When you're in the costume, a boyfriend will throw their girlfriend at you for
a hug," said Cassini, 46. "Parents will corral their children around you for
pictures. If you're not wearing a costume, those things don't happen in real
life."

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 ComputerWorld

                                January 11, 2007

Security Log

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 245 words



HIGHLIGHT: Short news items on information security.


Cisco to Provide Severity Scoring

The Cisco Product Security Incident Response Team plans to add severity scores
to its advisories so users can prioritize their patch management. The scores
will be calculated according to the Common Vulnerability Scoring System. Cisco
will provide the base CVSS scores, which indicate the conditions required to
exploit a vulnerability and the effect of a successful exploit, and temporal
scores, which have time-dependent information.

Computers Used in Traffic Sabotage

Two transportation engineers pleaded not guilty last week to criminal charges
that they gained unauthorized access to traffic center computers. According to
the Los Angeles Times , Gabriel Murillo, 37, and Kartik Patel, 34, allegedly
rigged computers to change the timing on traffic signals at four Los Angeles
intersections shortly before a labor union strike on Aug.21. Murillo is charged
with one count of unauthorized access of a computer and one count of identity
theft, and Patel faces one count of unauthorized access of a computer and four
counts of unauthorized disruption or denial of computer services.

File Sharing Leads To Data Breach

Sources close to Japan's Ground Self-Defense Force told the Daily Yomiuri
newspaper last week that between fiscal 2002 and the end of October 2006,
members of the GSDF inadvertently exposed information, including sensitive data,
through the Winny file-sharing program 27 times. Four other incidents had been
reported earlier.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 International Data Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                             July 21, 2011 Thursday
                                   Edition 2;
                                    Scotland

THERE are more than 500 [...]

BYLINE: PAT SHEEHAN

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 63

LENGTH: 341 words


THERE are more than 500 churches here in Sin City and, in one of them, Zab Judah
has found God.

In the city of endless pleasures of all senses, Judah, one of boxing's bad boys
and Amir Khan's opponent on Saturday night, has found redemption.

Exploit A fighter who has hurled stools across the ring, punched refs, been
involved in fights in night clubs, had guns pulled on him and been banned from
boxing for two years, says he is a reformed character.

Judah was once a member of the Black Hebrew Israelites but is now a bornagain
Christian. He arrived in Las Vegas a couple of years back looking to exploit
everything this gambling capital of the world has to offer but instead his
search became a new-found faith.

Judah, the IBF world light welterweight champion who's out to take the WBA title
from Khan, below, at the Mandalay Bay Hotel on Saturday night, said: "I came to
Las Vegas to have fun but I found I had to change my life and to do that I had
to find God. I can't say there was any specific point or where it happened.

"People ask 'How do you serve God living in Sin City?' I say I do a great job at
it. It's a secret, but Las Vegas has the most churches per head of population of
any city in America."

Judah added: "To know me is to love me. If you go on a computer and Google Zab
Judah, you get lots of street fights and brawls.

"That happens when we are young. I'm sorry for those situations, but as a man
moving forward, I can never look back. I move forward and make things positive
from here on.

"Maturity has come with age, but I give all credit to my Lord and Saviour Jesus
Christ who has humbled me and given me the mental standpoint of a man.

Lost "I have finally grown up and understand what life is really about."

Judah (41-6-28KO's) reckons he can see a younger version of himself in Khan who
has lost just once in 26 fights.

He explained: "Like him as a young fighter I was willing to fight anybody.

"At 21 I was champion of the world and challenging everybody. Khan was a year
older at 22. I didn't care who I stepped in the ring with."

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUNscot


                    Copyright 2011 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            September 2, 2007 Sunday

Letters to the sports editor

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 216 words


FootballAggies' coaches

lack right moves

Your Aggie report card should include an evaluation of the coaching.

Offensive Coordinator, Grade: D. And that's being benevolent. In the entire
first half, the dive plays inside the tackles averaged about 1 yard each, but
the passing game was working well. So which plays did he keep calling? The dive
plays.

Defensive Coordinator, Grade: C. He had an A game going in the first half, then
blew it in the second. UNLV obviously saw a weakness and at halftime decided how
to exploit it.

Head Coach, Grade: C. A head coach has to alter the game plan at halftime to fix
problems, adjust to opponent strengths, and exploit opponent weaknesses.
Obviously, Guy was beaten in that very important job by the UNLV coach.

DUKE WILLIAMS

San Antonio

NFL

Utah deserves pro football

With football season beginning, I keep thinking that it would be nice if Utah
had a professional football team. The reasons Utah should have a professional
football team include:

* That some states have more than one team, and not all states have a team.

* I think Utah could sell enough tickets to a football game because we have good
fans, and unlike basketball, there are only eight or so home games.

* We have good tradition of college and high school football.

SCOTT ANDERSON,

age 13

Salt Lake City

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Liverpool Champion

                                January 12, 2016

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 412  words


EXPECT to see The Revenant name pop up when Oscar nominations are announced this
week.

The film, set in 1823 Montana and South Dakota, and inspired by real-life fur
trapper Hugh Glass' exploits in America, has already triumphed in this year's
Golden Globes winning the prize for best dramatic film and leading man Leonardo
DiCaprio won best actor in a drama, while Alejandro G Inarritu won for its
direction ' and it looks set to continue its good form at the Academy Awards.

The Revenant is not for the weak of stomach and boils down to a story of
survival, revenge and retribution.

It is a brutal, no-holds-barred account of Glass' exploits after being left for
dead by his men, half-buried alive in a shallow grave following a bear attack.

He is in the deepest American wilderness in the freezing cold.

Not only must Glass brave the elements and predators, but also evade a Native
American tribe, desperate and distrusting of white folk after the abduction of
their princess.

In this place, at this time, everyone is a foe until proven otherwise.

The film begins with Glass and his group of fellow fur trappers under unexpected
and devastating attack by Native Americans.

The attack is visceral, immediate and gory, with director Alejandro G Inarritu's
(Birdman) camerawork making the audience feel part of the action.

It feels like an 1820s version of Saving Private Ryan's beach landing, with men
brutally maimed and killed in the unrelenting onslaught.

The rest of the film's action is of a much smaller scale, but not less brutal or
discomforting.

Glass is alone for much ofThe Revenant and DiCaprio does an excellent job of
conveying his thoughts and emotions with little dialogue, consisting largely of
grunts and groans.

His British co-stars, Tom Hardy , Domhnall Gleeson and Will Poulter, also
deliver strong performances and Hardy is a standout character as antagonist
Fitzgerald.

But the most important character in the film is not a character at all; the wild
country steals every scene.

The remarkable locations, which saw cast and crew filming in sub-zero Canadian
temperatures, are as important to the film as DiCaprio.

The absolute beauty of nature, trees and streams, shines through in the film lit
only by natural light.

The Revenant is shot like the world's most expensive nature documentary.

It is stunning and Inarritu's trademark swirling, close-up shooting style shows
the beautiful wilderness off in all its glory.

The Revenantwhich is in cinemas now is rated MA15+.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     November 19, 2001 Monday Final Edition

Microsoft flaws challenge ethics

SOURCE: The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 376 words

DATELINE: MOUNTAIN VIEW, CALIF.


When Oy Online Solutions Ltd. discovered a flaw in Microsoft's Internet Explorer
could let hackers steal private user information from Web files known as
cookies, the Finnish company faced a difficult decision.

Should it whisper the news to Microsoft so the software giant could fix the
problem?

Or should it announce the bug to the world so Explorer users could protect
themselves before a hacker discovered the same vulnerability?

This dilemma has intensified in recent weeks, with Microsoft promoting a
campaign to persuade security companies to keep quiet for a month when they
discover a software flaw.

The company argues that devastating computer worms such as Code Red and Nimda
were unleashed by hackers who learned details of Microsoft vulnerabilities on
the Web -- then picked up "exploit tools" -- blueprints for how to exploit the
flaws.

"For a very long time there has been an argument about whether releasing exploit
tools is helpful or harmful, but it's largely been a theoretical discussion,"
says Scott Culp, who manages Microsoft's company's security response centre.
"We've now got proof."

Microsoft's campaign won the support of five security companies at a forum last
week on its campus. But other computer experts say the concept is unlikely to
gain momentum.

They say keeping flaws quiet would be more damaging to online security, even if
announcing details can play into the hands of malevolent hackers.

Oy Online Solutions at first consulted Microsoft but ultimately opted to
disclose details of the Internet Explorer bug on Nov. 9. The security company
said Microsoft was taking too long to make a patch that could fix the problem,
leaving millions of users at risk.

Opponents of Microsoft's stance say such "full disclosure" is the only way
system administrators can be sure a patch closes a breach in security -- and the
only way consumers can take proper precautions.

Some critics believe Microsoft's ulterior goal is to improve its image by
quashing news of its products' failings.

Microsoft put out 60 patches to fix security problems in 1999, 100 last year and
55 this year.

Some of the flaws have been in such important programs as Windows XP and
Microsoft's Internet server software IIS.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business News

                    Copyright 2001 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              346 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              July 3, 2011 Sunday

FORECLOSURE LOOPHOLE NEEDS FIXING

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; TIMES EDITORIALS; Pg. 2P

LENGTH: 555 words


Florida legislators can't anticipate every legal loophole that some unscrupulous
person will exploit, which is why they have to stay nimble and respond to scams
when they arise. The latest one demanding a legislative response is an opening
in state foreclosure law that allows investors to get title to properties for
pennies on the dollar by satisfying outstanding homeowners association dues,
then exploit those properties and profit until a bank forecloses. This has got
to be fixed to protect homeowners, renters and other creditors.

If there is a moral to this tale, it's never underestimate the ingenuity of
people looking to take advantage of a system that is under stress, such as the
foreclosure process during the housing market meltdown in Florida. The sheer
volume of foreclosures in the state, combined with the national robo-signing
scandal, has resulted in banks taking years to foreclose on delinquent
homeowners. This limbo has created serious problems for homeowners and
condominium associations, which rely on regular dues for everything from
maintenance of common areas to other expenses.

Florida law allows homeowners associationsto foreclose on properties when dues
are in arrears. But the associations are not required to alert the
mortgage-holding banks of their intentions. That's where the scammers come in.

A series of reports by St. Petersburg Times staff writers Kris Hundley and Susan
Taylor Martin exposed the way investor groups, some made up of people with
criminal histories, gain title to millions of dollars of property through
homeowners association foreclosures, with the intention of pocketing rent money
on the property until the first mortgage holder forecloses. Hundley and Martin
documented situations where investors obtained title to a $1.2 million bayfront
home in Apollo Beach for $10,010 and a 3,700-square-foot North Tampa home for
$8,090.

Had the first mortgage holder known about the foreclosure action, it likely
would have paid the outstanding balances in order to protect its larger
financial interests, or would have hurried its own foreclosure along. Homeowners
associations don't want to have to alert the first mortgage holders, since if
the bank gets a foreclosure judgment first, the associations usually get
nothing. But the current situation is untenable. The investors holding title
have little interest in maintaining the property since it will be foreclosed
upon soon enough; renters are pawns in a scheme that makes them vulnerable to
unwarranted eviction.

State Sen. Mike Fasano, R-New Port Richey, promises to propose legislation to
require homeowners associations to notify lenders when they move to foreclose.
Though an attorney for a homeowners association raised concerns about the
legality of this, Fasano should pursue it.

Tenants also need the protection of better notice. A federal law passed in 2009
gives tenants 90 days notice before they can be evicted when a property they are
renting is foreclosed upon. And they can stay for the term of the lease if the
new owner isn't planning to move in. But tenants should be told before they sign
a lease that a rental has a mortgage in arrears.

Lawmakers are always playing catchup to people looking to make an easy buck at
someone else's expense.

It's time for them to do their job again and outlaw this loophole scam.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 27, 2010 Monday

EDITORIAL: Biddle was a hero beyond battlefield exploits

BYLINE: The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 419 words


Dec. 27--Thankfully, not many of us face life-and-death situations on the
battlefield like those that confronted Melvin Biddle.

But all of us, in our own ways, have the opportunity to be the sort of hero that
Melvin Biddle became in his everyday life after World War II. A quiet, humble
man of sincere convictions, Biddle was remembered as an outstanding friend,
husband, father, grandfather and citizen after his death Dec. 16 at age 87.

The quiet things that Biddle did in his personal life will never be enumerated,
but those are the actions and words that Biddle's family and friends will
remember beyond his surpassing bravery on the battlefield.

Biddle's exploits as a soldier will live in history books and in legend. He
single-handedly killed 20 German soldiers in two days, helping the American
effort in the Battle of the Bulge on Belgium soil during the waning months of
World War II. The battle was a bloodbath. American troops suffered an estimated
80,000 casualties. About 100,000 German soldiers were killed, wounded or
captured. Biddle, himself, was wounded by shrapnel less than a month after his
heroics.

While ordinary citizens can strive to live the sort of post-war private life
that Biddle lived, we can also remember U.S. military personnel serving on
domestic and foreign soil. Some, most notably in Iraq and Afghanistan, are
coming face to face with the sort of danger that Biddle encountered. Others are
helping defend our country by performing less dangerous tasks. All deserve the
appreciation and gratitude of U.S. civilians everywhere.

Biddle, who was awarded the prestigious Medal of Honor, was part of the Greatest
Generation who served so bravely against the menace of tyrants during World War
II. His passing leaves just 86 living Medal of Honor recipients.

Biddle and his peers set a high standard for courage and bravery. They also left
a model for how to live an exemplary life, whether facing machine-gun fire on a
battlefield or walking peaceful hometown streets.

In Summary

--U.S. civilians should show gratitude to all of America's military personnel,
and should strive to lead, as Melvin Biddle did, exemplary lives at home.

To see more of The Herald Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theheraldbulletin.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Herald Bulletin,
Anderson, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101227-HU-EDITORIAL-Biddle-was-a-hero-beyond-battlefield-exploits
-1227-20101227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2010 The Herald Bulletin


                              348 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            August 19, 2006 Saturday

Democrats looking to exploit GOP rift

BYLINE: By Kate Folmar, MEDIANEWS

SECTION: SAN MATEO

LENGTH: 882 words


As Arnold Schwarzenegger addresses hundreds at the California Republican Party
convention in Los Angeles today, Democrats are doing their best to plumb the
governor's sometimes uneasy relationship with his own party.

The convention, which began Friday, is the final one before the November
election. It's a key time to energize loyalists to volunteer and vote in a year
that experts think could be dismal for the GOP nationwide. High gas prices, the
extended war in Iraq and corruption scandals are all contributing to the
malaise.

Schwarzenegger's rival, Treasurer Phil Angelides, has tried to ignite voter
excitement in his own party and with independents by repeatedly linking the
governor with President Bush, who is profoundly unpopular here.

The governor has parried by reaching out to moderates. He has distanced himself
from the president on issues such as stem cell research, and has struck a
middle-of-the-road stance on immigration. Those moves rankle some party
conservatives -- leaving a potential divide for Democrats to exploit.

Democrats contend that while they are unified behind Angelides, Schwarzenegger
can't keep far enough away from the other statewide Republican candidates --
most of whom are more conservative.

To drive that point, eight Democrats seeking statewide office -- from Angelides
down to the candidates for the state's tax board -- stood side by side this week
in ahotel meeting room.

As Republicans "approach their convention this weekend, I doubt if they will
agree to a full photo opportunity as we are doing today," said California
Democratic Party chairman Art Torres, "because the governor wants to run away
from his own ticket."

It's a cynical attempt by Democrats to pry a wedge between the governor, his
allies and their voters, Republicans assert. Schwarzenegger places a "high
premium" on promoting the GOP ticket, campaign manager Steve Schmidt said in a
conference call with reporters this week.

The governor is raising tons of cash for other statewide candidates and up to
$25 million for the party, which will pay for joint mailings and phone banks. He
spent part of the evening of the June primary with Tom McClintock and Chuck
Poochigian -- who are running for lieutenant governor and attorney general,
respectively -- at the popular Sacramento eatery Spataro. He is expected to
appear publicly with other "down-ballot" candidates later in the race.

California Republican Party chairman Duf Sundheim said Schwarzenegger has been
"a tremendous asset" helping the party raise money for its turnout drive.

"When I compare the level of unity within our party with the level of unity in
the Democratic party," Sundheim said, "I'll take my party any day."

And whatever the governor's relationship with the right -- and Democrats'
efforts to exploit it -- it doesn't appear to have dented the governor's
standing. He not only holds a handy lead over Angelides but also fares much
better within his own party.

Still, the governor is approaching the race with care, opined Sherry Bebitch
Jeffe, a political analyst and senior scholar with the University of Southern
California.

"As far as I can tell, he's running all by himself," which is not uncommon for
gubernatorial candidates, she said. "It's clear to me that Arnold understands,
or his people understand, that he can't be perceived as a conservative
Republican. ... Savvy candidates in down-ballot races understand that."

Excerpts of the governor's speech, released late Friday, suggest he will stress
issues on which nearly all Republicans can agree. He'll paint Angelides as
someone who wants to "tax virtually everyone, everywhere." At the convention,
the governor is also expected to drop by a Victory 2006 phone bank, where he may
or may not cross paths with some of the other statewide candidates.

Attorney General candidate Poochigian, a senator from Fresno, dismissed any talk
of a rift between the governor and other candidates. "I recognize that's the
spin out there. But I do regard it as just that -- spin."

Insurance Commissioner candidate Steve Poizner, a Bay Area moderate said
Schwarzenegger will help him at a Silicon Valley fundraiser later Aug. 29. "The
governor has been very helpful. Any time we've asked, he has helped."

Not so much for U.S. Senate candidate Dick Mountjoy, who opposes abortion and
favors closing the borders. He's running a long shot race against the popular
Sen. Dianne Feinstein. Mountjoy has not received the governor's endorsement --
unlike the rest of the ticket.

"Normally, governors of the same party, after the primary they include everyone
on a team," Mountjoy said, speculating that the governor hasn't endorsed him
because his chief of staff once worked for Feinstein. "He chose not to do that.
He chose to go in a different direction, and that's fine."

Ironically, some Republicans think Schwarzenegger probably should do his own
thing.

"The best thing Arnold can do for the down-ticket is to win by double-digits,"
said consultant Karen Hanretty, a former spokeswoman for the California
Republican Party. "And the best way for Arnold to win by double-digits is to get
as many Democrats and independents to cast ballots for him as possible...."

And he can't do that by being seen with partisan Republicans."

Staff writer Edwin Garcia contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            March 29, 2006 Wednesday

Guzman Las Vegas-bound;
A stop at Triple-A is deemed the best next step for the Dodgers' converted
shortstop.

BYLINE: By BILL PLUNKETT, The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 590 words

DATELINE: VERO BEACH, Fla.


Joel Guzman's road to the major leagues will include a stop in Las Vegas.

Guzman and infielder Willy Aybar were sent down to the minor leagues by the
Dodgers before Tuesday's 4-2 victory over the Detroit Tigers. The move leaves
the Dodgers with 32 players in camp.

Guzman had handled the position change from shortstop to left field well and hit
.296 this spring with three doubles, two home runs and 11 strikeouts. But the
Dodgers decided asking him to make the jump from Double-A to the majors without
some time in Triple-A was not a good idea.

``This guy has a chance to be a franchise player,'' Manager Grady Little said.
``We feel this guy is a good hitter, but he still needs to get better. He's not
a person we want to bring here and have any failure. We want him to be ready to
stay here a long time.''

Little said Guzman would play first base and third base occasionally in Triple-A
and gain experience in left field. The idea, Little said, is to have Guzman
ready to step in at the major-league level wherever a need arises.

More important than his defense, though, Little wants Guzman to focus on making
``progress in his plate discipline.''

``If you come to the major leagues and the opposition recognizes some
weaknesses, they'll exploit them and they have the ability to exploit them over
and over,'' Little said. ``When he gets here, we want as many of those things
eliminated as possible.''

Furcal injured

Shortstop Rafael Furcal left Tuesday's game after one inning because of
lower-back spasms. Furcal led off the bottom of the first with a single and went
to third on J.D. Drew's double -- one of Drew's three hits, including a home
run.

``We could tell by the way he rounded second base something wasn't right,'' said
Little, who went out to check on Furcal with trainer Stan Johnston.

But Furcal remained in the game for one pitch, scoring with a headfirst slide on
a wild pitch. He spent the rest of the day receiving treatment and will be
re-evaluated today.

``We'll see what Stan and the boys say,'' Little said. ``And we'll go from
there.''

After a slow start in his recovery from arthroscopic knee surgery, Furcal is
hitting .440.

Gagne troubles

Eric Gagne pitched the seventh inning Tuesday and allowed a run for a third
consecutive appearance. Vance Wilson hit a solo home run off a 3-and-1 fastball.

Gagne is scheduled to pitch again today, going on back-to-back days for the
first time this spring.

He said it is the biggest test of the spring.

DETROIT DODGERS ab r h ri ab r h ri Grndrsn cf 3 0 0 0 Furcal ss 1 1 1 0
Spurling p 0 0 0 0 Martinez ss 2 1 1 1 Shelton ph 1 0 0 0 Lofton cf 4 1 1 0
Mendez rf 0 0 0 0 Baez p 0 0 0 0 Polanco 2b 3 0 0 0 Osoria p 0 0 0 0 Infante 2b
1 0 0 0 Drew rf 3 1 3 2 Ordonez rf 3 0 0 0 Repko rf 1 0 0 0 Zumaya p 0 0 0 0
Kent 2b 3 0 0 0 DYoung 1b 4 0 1 0 Robles 2b 1 0 0 0 Monroe lf 4 0 0 0 Grciaprra
1b 2 0 1 0 Inge 3b 3 0 0 0 Mueller 3b 4 0 1 0 Hessman 3b 1 0 0 0 Cruz lf 3 0 0 0
Wilson c 3 2 2 2 Alomar c 3 0 0 0 Peterson c 0 0 0 0 Martin c 0 0 0 0 Santiago
ss 3 0 1 0 Seo p 2 0 0 0 Grilli p 0 0 0 0 Gagne p 0 0 0 0 Patino ph 1 0 0 0
Ledee ph 1 0 0 0 Seay p 0 0 0 0 Ross cf 0 0 0 0 Logan cf 1 0 1 0 Totals 31 2 5 2
Totals 30 4 8 3

Detroit 000 010 100 -- 2 Dodgers 102 010 00x -- 4

DP--Detroit 1. LOB--Detroit 4, Los Angeles 5. 2B--Drew. HR--Wilson,Drew,
Martinez. CS--Repko. S--Grilli.

IP R ER BB SO Detroit Grilli, L 4 4 3 3 1 4 Seay 2 3 1 1 1 1 Spurling 1 0 0 0 1
1 Zumaya 1 1 0 0 1 0 Dodgers Seo, W 6 3 1 1 1 6 Gagne 1 1 1 1 0 2 Baez 1 1 0 0 0
1 Osoria, S 1 0 0 0 0 2 WP--Grilli

T--2:09. A--4,736.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WELCOME: J.D. Drew, center, is greeted at the Dodgers dugout after
hitting a two-run home run in Tuesday's 4-2 exhibition victory against Detroit
at Vero Beach, Fla. Drew had three hits.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Orange County Register


                              350 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            August 19, 2006 Saturday

Democrats look to exploit Republican rift

BYLINE: By Kate Folmar, MEDIANEWS

SECTION: ARGUS

LENGTH: 878 words


As Arnold Schwarzenegger addresses hundreds at the California Republican Party
convention in Los Angeles today, Democrats are doing their best to plumb the
governor's sometimes uneasy relationship with his own party.

The convention, which began Friday, is the final one before the November
election. It's a key time to energize loyalists to volunteer and vote in a year
that experts think could be dismal for the GOP nationwide. High gas prices, the
extended war in Iraq and corruption scandals are all contributing to the
malaise.

Schwarzenegger's rival, Treasurer Phil Angelides, has tried to ignite voter
excitement in his own party and with independents by repeatedly linking the
governor with President Bush, who is profoundly unpopular.

The governor has parried by reaching out to moderates. He has distanced himself
from Bush on issues such as stem cell research, and has struck a
middle-of-the-road stance on immigration. Those moves rankle some party
conservatives -- leaving a potential divide for Democrats to exploit.

Democrats contend that while they are unified behind Angelides, Schwarzenegger
can't keep far enough away from the other statewide Republican candidates --
most of whom are more conservative.

To drive that point, eight Democrats seeking statewide office -- from Angelides
down to the candidates for the state's tax board -- stood side by side this week
in a hotel meeting room.

As Republicans "approach their convention this weekend, I doubt if they will
agree to a full photo opportunity as we are doing today," said California
Democratic Party chairman Art Torres, "because the governor wants to run away
from his own ticket."

It's a cynical attempt by Democrats to pry a wedge between the governor, his
allies and their voters, Republicans assert. Schwarzenegger places a "high
premium" on promoting the GOP ticket, campaign manager Steve Schmidt said in a
conference call with reporters this week.

The governor is raising tons of cash for other statewide candidates and up to
$25 million for the party, which will pay for joint mailings and phone banks. He
spent part of the evening of the June primary with Tom McClintock and Chuck
Poochigian -- who are running for lieutenant governor and attorney general,
respectively -- at the popular Sacramento eatery Spataro.

He is expected to appear publicly with other "down-ballot" candidates later in
the race.

California Republican Party chairman Duf Sundheim said Schwarzenegger has been
"a tremendous asset" helping the party raise money for its turnout drive.

"When I compare the level of unity within our party with the level of unity in
the Democratic party," Sundheim said, "I'll take my party any day."

And whatever the governor's relationship with the right -- and Democrats'
efforts to exploit it -- it doesn't appear to have dented the governor's
standing. He not only holds a handy lead over Angelides but also fares much
better within his own party.

Still, the governor is approaching the race with care, opined Sherry Bebitch
Jeffe, a political analyst and senior scholar with the University of Southern
California.

"As far as I can tell, he's running all by himself," which is not uncommon for
gubernatorial candidates, she said. "It's clear to me that Arnold understands,
or his people understand, that he can't be perceived as a conservative
Republican. ... Savvy candidates in down-ballot races understand that."

Excerpts of the governor's speech, released late Friday, suggest he will stress
issues on which nearly all Republicans can agree. He'll paint Angelides as
someone who wants to "tax virtually everyone, everywhere." At the convention,
the governor is also expected to drop by a Victory 2006 phone bank, where he may
or may not cross paths with some of the other statewide candidates.

Attorney General candidate Poochigian, a senator from Fresno, dismissed any talk
of a rift between the governor and other candidates. "I recognize that's the
spin out there. But I do regard it as just that -- spin."

Insurance Commissioner candidate Steve Poizner, a Bay Area moderate said
Schwarzenegger will help him at a Silicon Valley fundraiser later Aug. 29. "The
governor has been very helpful. Any time we've asked, he has helped."

Not so much for U.S. Senate candidate Dick Mountjoy, who opposes abortion and
favors closing the borders. He's running a long shot race against the popular
Dianne Feinstein. Mountjoy has not received the governor's endorsement -- unlike
the rest of the ticket.

"Normally, governors of the same party, after the primary they include everyone
on a team," Mountjoy said, speculating that the governor hasn't endorsed him
because his chief of staff once worked for Feinstein. "He chose not to do that.
He chose to go in a different direction, and that's fine."

Ironically, some Republicans think Schwarzenegger probably should do his own
thing.

"The best thing Arnold can do for the down-ticket is to win by double-digits,"
said consultant Karen Hanretty, a former spokeswoman for the California
Republican Party. "And the best way for Arnold to win by double-digits is to get
as many Democrats and independents to cast ballots for him as possible. And he
can't do that by being seen with partisan Republicans."

Staff writer Edwin Garcia contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                              June 5, 2009 Friday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Mel's belle in legal row

BYLINE: Carly Crawford

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 325  words


New York

MEL Gibson's girlfriend is suing a web domain provider for setting up a site
that claims she is carrying twins.

A furious Oksana Grigorieva has launched a lawsuit accusing Californian URL
provider DreamHost.com of ``cyber squatting''.

She is demanding the company remove the site and hand her the rights to the
domain name, Oksanagrigorieva.com.

The Russian singer wants at least $120,000 in damages, according to court
documents.

``The defendants have misappropriated and used the domain name in a blatant
effort to impersonate and exploit the name, photograph, likeness and persona of
internationally renowned model, pianist, musical composer and performer Oksana
Grigorieva,'' the documents say.

``As part of the scheme to exploit Grigorieva's famous name and identity, the
defendant acquired and cyber squatted the domain name, comprised entirely of
Grigorieva's valuable name and mark.''

The site purports to carry official press statements on her relationship with
Gibson and her pregnancy.

``I am indeed carrying a bun in the oven -- in fact there may be two buns in
there somewhere,'' the site says, under her name and picture. ``I am, for
obvious reasons, the happiest woman in the world.''

The site claims she announced the pregnancy as long ago as April. However, the
first confirmation came last month when Gibson spoke out on US TV.

Grigorieva launched the suit in the Los Angeles Superior Court last week.

``The harm to the plaintiff is direct and palpable,'' the documents say.
``Through the website, the defendants have sought to misappropriate and use the
plaintiff's persona and identity and engage in false and fraudulent impostor
communications and press announcements with regard to Grigorieva.''

Several high-profile identities have done battle with domain name providers in
the past, including Hillary Clinton and Jennifer Lopez.

Dream Host did not respond to requests for comment and has yet to formally
respond to the claims in court.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 23, 2015 Monday

Rick Forno discusses cyber warfare in The Diplomatic Courier

LENGTH: 312  words

DATELINE: Baltimore


University of Maryland, Baltimore County has issued the following news release:

CSEE's Dr. Rick Forno discussed cyber warfare in Ash Hunt's latest policy paper
'Cyber Quantifiable Restrictions: The Requirements to Generate Agreed
Restrictions on the Use of Cyber Capabilities' appearing in The Diplomatic
Courier. Among other things, Hunt attempts to show that agreed restrictions
should not blanket the use of cyber capabilities, but rather the unacceptable
use of a range of capabilities that could be used to harm human life.

Recently, it has become apparent that "we're in a [cyber] arms race" in a
largely unregulated domain--the cyber wild west. With the increased diffusion of
technology, nations have begun amassing offensive cyber capabilities: utilizing
zero-day exploits, distributed denial of server (DDOS) attacks, and weaponized
malware technology. Already, "the U.S. has poured billions of dollars into an
electronic arsenal," whilst the "stockpile of exploits runs into the thousands,
aimed at every conceivable device." This exponential growth of cyber arms is
particularly dangerous considering the lack of rules and conventions governing
the fifth arena of warfare. Dr. Richard Forno from the University of Maryland
concedes, "there is no international agreement over what level of cyber warfare
is acceptable." He further recognizes that national systems such as power grids,
water treatment plants and medical facilities "do not have adequate protection
from hackers." Clearly, "principles and agreements on cyber warfare must
designate sensitive infrastructure as red lines." It is necessary to afford our
critical organizations the same level of protection from cyber hostility as we
do from the multitude of other tangible threats.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                     December 13, 2016 Tuesday 11:58 AM GMT

Thomas brothers reunited as Adam, Scott and Ryan tease exciting project
together;
Emmerdale star Adam was reunited with ex-Corrie star Ryan and Love Island's Adam
after I'm A Celeb - and they head to  "promising" meetings together in London

BYLINE: By Dianne Bourne

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 266 words


Manchester's showbiz Thomas brother Adam, Ryan and Scott were reunited after
Adam's I'm A Celebrity exploits - and they hinted they are brewing up some
exciting projects together.

Emmerdale star Adam was pictured back with his ex-Corrie star brother Ryan and
his Love Island twin Scott at the Cinnamon Club in London after what Scott
described as "a very promising meeting" in the city for the lads.

Adam was a huge hit with TV viewers after his jungle exploits on I'm A Celeb -
including completing 11 gruesome challenges that led to him given the title "Mr
Bushtucker Trial" by show hosts Ant and Dec.

Georgia May Foote confirms new relationship with George Alsford in racy selfie

His brothers were vocal supporters on TV shows and social media, and Adam went
on to come a respectable third in the public vote behind comedian Joel Dommett
and Queen of the Jungle Scarlett Moffatt.

After their night out Scott posted the message: "A very promising meeting with
the bros in London! Looking forward to 2017 #TheThomasBrothers @adamthomas21
@ryanthomas84".

Ryan Thomas, Adam Thomas and Scott Thomas reunited tweet

The snap sent their fans into meltdown, with many trying to guess what the
meeting could be about.

Many are hoping for a Thomas brothers calender - or perhaps a fitness DVD to see
how they get into such fine physique.

Manchester's showbiz Thomas brothers over the years - Ryan, Adam and Scott

Adam was set to appear on ITV's This Morning on Tuesday lunchtime so perhaps he
will fill us all in on those plans then...

Adam Thomas reunited with stunning fiancee Caroline Daly after I'm a Celebrity
final

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                     December 13, 2016 Tuesday 11:58 AM GMT

Thomas brothers reunited as Adam, Scott and Ryan tease exciting project
together;
Emmerdale star Adam was reunited with ex-Corrie star Ryan and Love Island's Adam
after I'm A Celeb - and they head to  "promising" meetings together in London

BYLINE: By Dianne Bourne

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 266 words


Manchester's showbiz Thomas brothers Adam, Ryan and Scott were reunited after
Adam's I'm A Celebrity exploits - and they hinted they are brewing up some
exciting projects together.

Emmerdale star Adam was pictured back with his ex-Corrie star brother Ryan and
his Love Island twin Scott at the Cinnamon Club in London after what Scott
described as "a very promising meeting" in the city for the lads.

Adam was a huge hit with TV viewers after his jungle exploits on I'm A Celeb -
including completing 11 gruesome challenges that led to him given the title "Mr
Bushtucker Trial" by show hosts Ant and Dec.

IVF twin baby joy for Hollyoaks star Kieron Richardson and husband Carl Hyland

His brothers were vocal supporters on TV shows and social media, and Adam went
on to come a respectable third in the public vote behind comedian Joel Dommett
and Queen of the Jungle Scarlett Moffatt.

After their night out Scott posted the message: "A very promising meeting with
the bros in London! Looking forward to 2017 #TheThomasBrothers @adamthomas21
@ryanthomas84".

Ryan Thomas, Adam Thomas and Scott Thomas reunited tweet

The snap sent their fans into meltdown, with many trying to guess what the
meeting could be about.

Many are hoping for a Thomas brothers calender - or perhaps a fitness DVD to see
how they get into such fine physique.

Manchester's showbiz Thomas brothers over the years - Ryan, Adam and Scott

Adam was set to appear onITV's This Morningon Tuesday lunchtime so perhaps he
will fill us all in on those plans then...

Adam Thomas reunited with stunning fiancee Caroline Daly after I'm a Celebrity
final

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                     December 13, 2016 Tuesday 11:58 AM GMT

Thomas brothers reunited as Adam, Scott and Ryan tease exciting project
together;
Emmerdale star Adam was reunited with ex-Corrie star Ryan and Love Island's Adam
after I'm A Celeb - and they head to  "promising" meetings together in London

BYLINE: By Dianne Bourne

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 266 words


Manchester's showbiz Thomas brother Adam, Ryan and Scott were reunited after
Adam's I'm A Celebrity exploits - and they hinted they are brewing up some
exciting projects together.

Emmerdale star Adam was pictured back with his ex-Corrie star brother Ryan and
his Love Island twin Scott at the Cinnamon Club in London after what Scott
described as "a very promising meeting" in the city for the lads.

Adam was a huge hit with TV viewers after his jungle exploits on I'm A Celeb -
including completing 11 gruesome challenges that led to him given the title "Mr
Bushtucker Trial" by show hosts Ant and Dec.

IVF twin baby joy for Hollyoaks star Kieron Richardson and husband Carl Hyland

His brothers were vocal supporters on TV shows and social media, and Adam went
on to come a respectable third in the public vote behind comedian Joel Dommett
and Queen of the Jungle Scarlett Moffatt.

After their night out Scott posted the message: "A very promising meeting with
the bros in London! Looking forward to 2017 #TheThomasBrothers @adamthomas21
@ryanthomas84".

Ryan Thomas, Adam Thomas and Scott Thomas reunited tweet

The snap sent their fans into meltdown, with many trying to guess what the
meeting could be about.

Many are hoping for a Thomas brothers calender - or perhaps a fitness DVD to see
how they get into such fine physique.

Manchester's showbiz Thomas brothers over the years - Ryan, Adam and Scott

Adam was set to appear on ITV's This Morning on Tuesday lunchtime so perhaps he
will fill us all in on those plans then...

Adam Thomas reunited with stunning fiancee Caroline Daly after I'm a Celebrity
final

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Berwickshire Advertiser

                               February 18, 2008

First ever Jim Clark film festival

LENGTH: 326  words


A FILM festival which celebrates the life of the twice World Champion racing
driver, Jim Clark, will take place at Eynsham Hall, near Witney, Oxfordshire on
February 23/24.

Clark notched his last race victory almost 40 years ago to the day of the event.

The programme will include film shows and talks by people who knew Jim Clark
well or worked with him.

The film shows will cover Clark's exploits at Indianapolis, including his
race-winning year of 1965, his races in the Tasman series which took place in
Australia and New Zealand and other rare, never-seen-before footage, as well as
some of his more famous European exploits.

The talk session will feature former mechanics who worked with Clark at Team
Lotus - including Bob Dance and Jim Endruweit - former Lotus designer Len Terry
(who penned Clark's 65 Indy winner as well as the Eagle F1 car among others) and
Berwickshire's own Ian Scott Watson, who was a big influence on Clark's early
career as his mentor and manager.

Sir John Whitmore, who partnered Clark in a Lotus Elite in the 1959 Le Mans 24
hours and remained a close friend of the Scot during the 1960s, will also be
speaking.

Peter Darley, who was the official Team Lotus photographer during Clark's time
there, will be showing some slides of Clark during the talk session.

Other special guests attending the event will be Mrs Hazel Chapman, widow of
Lotus founder Colin Chapman and her son Clive, who is managing director of
Classic Team Lotus.

Saturday's proceedings will finish with a three-course dinner at Eynsham Hall,
where guests will be able to mingle and dine with the speakers and like-minded
enthusiasts.

On Sunday, the talk and film programme will be repeated for those who can't get
tickets or who are unable to attend on the Saturday and plans are also afoot for
a drive-in for Lotus owners.

For more information and to book tickets, please see
www.jimclarkfilmfestival.com or contact the organiser, Michael Oliver on 01993
200331.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                           August 13, 2003 Wednesday

Computer worm forces MD's Motor Vehicle Admin. to close offices

BYLINE: Bobby White

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 648 words


A ravenous international computer worm forced Maryland's Motor Vehicle
Administration to close offices statewide yesterday.

The MS blaster, or Love San worm, infected a portion of the MVA's network early
yesterday morning, and after an investigation officials decided to shut down the
entire system.

The network's mainframe was not affected by the worm, a computer ailment that is
far worse than a virus. The mainframe is where vital driver information is
stored.

Jack Cahalan, an MVA spokesman, said administrative office networks and customer
service computers were the most vulnerable. By noon yesterday, in addition to
offices, no telephone and branch office kiosks were available.

"Before opening our doors, we experienced some difficulty with some of our
computers," said Cahalan. "We detected some elements of our network were
infected with the virus. At that point, the decision was made to bring the
entire system down to prevent further spread of the virus."

Cahalan said MVA information technology experts along with private sector
contractors were working on a software fix to curtail the problem.

The worm has wreaked havoc on computers worldwide. A worm, by its nature, is
more troublesome than a virus. Worms infect networks or systems, whereas viruses
infect individual computers. The Love San worm has gotten into the biggest
network of them all -- the Internet.

According to California-based Symantec Security Response, a team of security
engineers that monitor global Internet traffic, 130,000 individual systems had
been affected by the worm since the group began to notice activity yesterday.

Oliver Friedrichs, senior manager with the group, said the worm exploits a
software flaw in Microsoft Windows and Windows XP. Friedrichs said Microsoft
announced a vulnerability in its operating system on July 16 and pointed
consumers to a site where a patch could be downloaded. Soon after the
announcement, trouble began.

"Since that time, hackers and researchers have figured out how to exploit the
problem and break into computer systems. The problem snowballed and finally
culminated into a worm," said Friedrichs. "Someone has taken one of the better
exploits, enhanced it and turned it loose."

Friedrichs said the problems Maryland is facing are no different than other
reports coming in across the nation.

"[Maryland] is not isolated and probably more critical systems throughout the
nation will be infected," he said.

The MVA closure left hundreds of patrons across the state confused and
disgruntled.

Roy Martin, 25, and Carl Connolley, 17, called the Gwynns Falls Parkway MVA
office at 11 a.m. to be sure each would be able to receive a driver's permit.
After getting confirmation, Martin and Connolley rode their bikes from Hampden
to the full service location.

But when they got there, after a ride on a hot and humid day, they saw a sign
that said closed. Tired and upset, the two decided to wait and see if the office
would open back up. No such luck.

The duo watched as numerous people walked up to the doors, only to be turned
away after seeing the "closed" sign.

"We figured maybe they closed the office for lunch because we saw employees
walking around in there. Now it looks like we're going to have to go back home
and journey out again tomorrow," said Martin.

At the Gwynns Falls location, there was hardly any indication that a computer
virus had shut down offices statewide. At one entrance, there was paper taped to
the glass door with the words, "Closed because of Computer Virus open tomorrow"
scrawled on it. Most patrons figured that just this location was closed.

Jose Torllo had traveled from the Westminster MVA, hoping he could take care of
some business. When he saw that Gwynns Falls was closed, too, he smirked and
walked off.

"Oh, well. Guess I'll go back home and maybe try again tomorrow," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires


                              358 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            January 23, 2011 Sunday

MORE VIEWS FROM YOU;
YOUR LETTERS ON GUNS AND MORE

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 436 words


Gun dealers do run NICS checks on buyers

I need to respond to two letters in the Dayton Daily News on Jan. 14.

One letter writer posed the question, "Why don't all states require firearms
dealers to check the FBI's NICS before selling a gun?" ("Gun buyers need to be
checked out better") If the writer were truly a gun owner, he'd know that all
firearms dealers do run a NICS check before selling a firearm. Additionally,
Vermont and Alaska also allow citizens to concealed carry without a license or
permit as long as they are legally entitled to own a firearm.

Reinstating a ban on large-capacity magazines has no effect on criminals.

The other letter is flat-out misinformation ("Semi-automatics are tools of
death"). Semi-automatic firearms are regularly used in sport and hunting,
contrary to the words of the author. Firearms dealers at gun shows always follow
the law and conduct a background check.

The writer also states there is no logical reason to carry in public. Recent
shootings and robberies, which happen in public, are exactly the logical reasons
why law-abiding citizens should be allowed to carry.

By the way, one of the men who helped pin the shooter in Arizona to the ground
was legally carrying a firearm at the time and used prudent judgment in his
actions. Imagine that!

Pattric Gould

New Carlisle

Those who exploit tragedy are pathetic

As a longtime gun owner, I welcome debate over the role guns have in our culture
in the wake of the tragedy that befell Tucson recently.

Sadly, there are those who want to repeat lies about semiautomatic firearms,
so-called assault weapons, and the National Rifle Association. They are
desperate to exploit a tragedy, due to their abysmal failure at using
misconceptions and falsehoods to get results. This has not worked before and
won't work now, even if they get help from irresponsible media.

We really need to do more to prevent mentally challenged individuals from
hurting others or themselves. Exploiting the Tucson shootings to bolster an
antigun agenda is truly pathetic and should get no respect.

David F. Miller

Miamisburg

Xenia school board didn't talk about costs

I find it interesting that the Xenia school board did not mention at all in its
meeting on Jan. 10 how much money it was planning on spending to renovate the
Arrowood Elementary School building in order for the board to move in.

I also wonder how valid the $100,000 price tag is that the board quoted for a
temporary driveway for the parents to drop off their children.

Something rotten is going on in Xenia, and the students are going to pay the
price with their education.

Susanne MacKenzie

Xenia

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              359 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 THE AUSTRALIAN

                             March 22, 1999, Monday

Exploit retired to stud

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: TONY ARROLD

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 98 words


BOB Baffert, on a hat trick to train this year's Kentucky Derby winner, has lost
early favourite Exploit from his formidable team of three-yearolds.

Exploit suffered his first career defeat at the hands of stablemate Prime Timber
(by Sultry Song) in the Group II San Felipe Stakes (1700m).

Lightly raced End Sweep colt High Wire Act ran third.

The later discovery of a bone chip in Exploit's left knee led to a decision by
his connections that the colt, a Storm Cat half-brother to New Zealand's shuttle
horse and Breeders' Cup Turf winner Prized, will be retired to stud.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              360 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Mail (South Australia)

                              June 3, 2012 Sunday
                               1 - State Edition

We need change of attitude, not name

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 605  words


I CANNOT but agree with Peter Goers and his column in the Sunday Mail (May 27).

It is not only the name of the state, but how to call residents of such state,
after the name change. Such as Clipsalia - Clipsalians? Clipsies? In other
federations, there are many such confusing names of states. For example, in the
US - North Carolina, South Carolina, North Dakota, South Dakota, Virginia, West
Virginia.

What will we call residents of tongue-breaking states Massachusetts and
Connecticut? Massachusettsan and Connecticutan?

This confusion does not end only in states in federation, but in many
independent states. For example, what do you call a citizen of the Ivory Coast?
Ivory Coastan?

There are two Congo countries, yet they are not related to each other like two
Koreas. One was a Belgian colony, the other French.

Peter Goers also raised the lack of infrastructure to promote the beauty of
regional SA, because of other people confusing Australia with Austria. Many
people in Adelaide don't know anything about regional SA. Those include
politicians.

If they had more knowledge about their own state beyond Adelaide, South
Australian politicians would lobby hard for the extension of the dual
carriageway from Port Wakefield via Port Pirie, Port Augusta, Whyalla to Port
Lincoln, because those are the biggest regional cities of South Australia apart
from Mt Gambier and Murray Bridge.

If South Australian politicians had more knowledge about regional SA, they
wouldn't place Santos in Point Lowly, but in Nonowie, south of Whyalla, as many
local, well-educated people considered. Arkaroola also is the most scenic place
in Flinders Ranges, yet there is no bitumen road as there is to Wilpena Pound
and rocks on the dirt road to Arkaroola are so sharp they often cause flat
tyres, which prevents tourism to the area.

How many people know near Wudina is a bigger rock formation than Uluru?

Each state has an equal number of senators in Federal Parliament; currently it
is 12 senators a state.

Out of those 12, four should be from regional areas as a minimum and those must
be guaranteed, regardless of population disparity between state capital and
regions of the state.

Also the Upper House of the state must be regionally based and 14 MLCs should be
from Adelaide and seven from regional areas. Otherwise regional areas will never
develop into thriving communities.

JAN VRTIELKA

Whyalla Stuart

Golden goal wasted

SOUTH Australia doesn't need a name change. What it needs is a change in
thinking by politicians, bureaucrats and business leaders.

They talk about SA and Adelaide not being known overseas yet ignore an obvious
chance for the state and the city to be recognised by almost a billion people on
a regular basis.

I'm talking about Adelaide United Football Club and its Asian Champions League
exploits that have, to date, failed to attract a front-of-shirt sponsor.

Surely even our AFL-blinkered leaders can see the potential for a low-cost
method of getting our name across to hundreds of millions of television viewers
across Asia.

For the cost of a handful of TV advertisements in one country, SA and Adelaide's
name, or even that of a business that trades in Asia, can be viewed for more
than 90 minutes by a football-crazy audience looking for a new place to visit
and explore.

It would be a simple task to send a government and business delegation to each
away venue to exploit the opportunities football offers in attracting tourists
and business opportunities.

Wake up SA, and exploit the success of Adelaide United in the most important
sporting, tourism and trade market we have. It's right on our doorstep.

FRED GOLDSTONE

Athelstone

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                                August 05, 2002

Vendors patch SSL vulnerability;
Threat identified and fixed without reported damage.

BYLINE: TIM GREENE

SECTION: FRONT NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 620 words



Vendors of Secure Sockets Layer-based remote access gear scrambled last week to
patch potential security flaws in their underlying SSL code before their
products could be compromised.

The flaw left versions of open SSL that run on Apache Web servers and in Web
browsers vulnerable to buffer overflow attacks that open the machines to
malicious code.

"This would enable hackers to do anything from simple defacement of a Web site
to downloading backdoor access to the systems to shutting servers down," says
Jeff Shipley, senior security analyst for Vigilinx, a digital security services
company in Parsippany, N.J.

Because the SSL code is public and well-maintained, fixes were found and
distributed quickly.

"You want to hear about things like this from the vendor first, that they've
responded to a known bug and are already working on a fix or have a fix for it,"
says Patrick Wilson, director of IT for optical equipment vendor Finisar in
Milpitas, Calif.

Wilson says speed in finding a patch is key because it's just a matter of time
before hackers discover systems that are vulnerable to such software weaknesses.
"There's going to be some way for someone to penetrate your network," he says.

The warnings told of four possible ways to exploit SSL, three that let intruders
execute code in a system at root level and one that allows denial-of-service
attacks, meaning hackers could take over the machines or swamp them with so much
traffic that they would crash.

Despite the discovered flaws, there is no code, called an exploit, known to have
been written that takes advantage of these vulnerabilities, experts say.

But such an exploit could undermine the security of Internet remote-access
servers that connect to remote users via the SSL capabilities in Web browsers.
Makers of this gear jumped on the alerts and found patches for their customers.

For example, one such vendor, Neoteris, heard of the SSL problem via a public
security alert Web site, found a patch, performed quality-assurance tests on it
and had it ready to distribute to customers within 36 hours, says Jason Matlof,
Neoteris' vice president of marketing.

Because SSL is considered public intellectual property, vast groups of people
and businesses that use the code also work to fix problems and disseminate the
patches. "Everyone is interdependent and it behooves everyone to see that there
is a secure code base," Matlof says.

This type of cooperation does not necessarily extend to privately held software,
and some software vendors actually threaten those who discover vulnerabilities
and publicize them.

Last week Hewlett-Packard reportedly pointed out to Secure Network Operations, a
software security research firm, that it might be in violation of the federal
Digital Millennium Copyright Act that protects software because Secure Network
Operations released information about a vulnerability with HP's Tru64 Unix
operating system. The act in part restricts writing code "designed or produced
for the purpose of circumventing" the copyrights that protect software.

While this might put a chill on those trying to find such vulnerabilities,
President Bush's computer security adviser Richard Clarke urged hackers last
week to continue searching. As long as they are working in good faith to plug
security holes, the law should protect their efforts, Clarke said at the Black
Hat hacker's conference in Las Vegas.

While Clarke's words sound good, they lack teeth, says Russ Cooper, editor of
NTBugtraq, a Web site on Microsoft security bugs run by TruSecure. "The question
is how do you get vendors to write better code with a focus on the security
aspect of code. That hasn't been done enough," Cooper says.


LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 Network World, Inc.


                              362 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bolton News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Bolton police 'responded well to risk of child sex exploitation'

BYLINE: Liam Thorp

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 404 words


POLICE in Bolton have responded well to the risks posed by those who sexually
exploit children, according to a new report.

HM Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMIC) has released an inspection report into
the child protection work carried out by Greater Manchester Police, following an
inspection in July 2014.

The report forms part of a rolling programme of child protection inspections of
all police forces in England and Wales.

Amongst many findings, inspectors commented that "some police divisions had
responded well to the risks posed by those who sexually exploit children,"
adding that these positive responses were most notable in Manchester, Rochdale
and Bolton.

The report lists a number of elements of policing action across the whole force
that they were pleased with, including a "strong commitment and visible
leadership" for child protection as well as "clear plans for continued
improvement of child protection services."

Other positive findings from the inspection team included knowledgeable, skilled
and dedicated staff responsible for managing child abuse investigations and good
relationships with partner agencies.

However, the inspectors were concerned with a number of findings from their
inspection including "significant delays" in the investigation of a number of
child protection cases, inconsistent practice across the force when dealing with
such issues and limited evidence of review or audit of child protection work in
order to improve future practice.

There were also concerns raised that children were being unnecessarily detained
overnight in some cases.

HM Inspector of Constabulary Mike Cunningham said: "I am pleased to see the
clear commitment to protecting children shown by both the leaders and the
dedicated staff within Greater Manchester Police. We found that staff managing
child protection investigations were knowledgeable and dedicated to providing
good outcomes for children.

"I was concerned that inspectors found significant delays in the investigation
of a number of child protection cases, and would like to see these delays
reduced. There were instances of children being unnecessarily detained in
custody overnight, which I would also like to see addressed.

"I encourage Greater Manchester Police to act on our recommendations as a matter
of urgency, and have asked that within six weeks it provides us with an action
plan to demonstrate how it will act upon these recommendations."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 23, 2016 Thursday

California: Attorney General Kamala D. Harris Announces Arrest in San Diego
Human Trafficking Case

LENGTH: 576  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The State of California has issued the following news release:



   Attorney General Kamala D. Harris today announced the arrest of three
individuals as part of an ongoing investigation into a sex trafficking case in
San Diego.  The joint investigation and operation, "Operation Hotel Tango," was
conducted by the San Diego Human Trafficking Task Force, which includes the
California Department of Justice and 18 local and federal law enforcement
agencies.





 "Human traffickers exploit vulnerable children and adults, subjecting their
victims to manipulation, violence, and unspeakable cruelty while forcing them
into labor and prostitution," said Attorney General Kamala D. Harris.  "I thank
our law enforcement partners in the San Diego Human Trafficking Task Force and
our California Department of Justice Special Agents for working diligently and
collaboratively to protect victims of trafficking and hold accountable those who
profit from the insidious crime of human trafficking."



 Tyrone Evans, 40, in San Diego County was arrested and charged on 22 felony
counts of human trafficking, pimping and pandering.  Lila Leflorsm, 36, and
Natasha McElrath, 37, were also arrested in connection with the operation and
are suspected of using social media to recruit teenage women and negotiate
transactions.



 Through the investigation, law enforcement discovered that Tyrone Evans was
involved in the sex trafficking of several women in San Diego County and across
the country.  Evans utilized social media websites to recruit and exploit his
human trafficking victims.



 Human trafficking is a form of modern-day slavery where perpetrators profit
from the control and exploitation of individuals, including men, women,
children, adults, immigrants, or U.S. citizens.  The California Department of
Justice's 2012 report "The State of Human Trafficking in California," confirmed
that California is one of the states most affected by human trafficking, due in
part to its proximity to the U.S. southwest border, its robust economy, and a
large immigrant population.



 The San Diego Human Trafficking Task Force (HTTF) was formed in January 2015
with the goal of rescuing victims, holding their captors accountable, and
promoting community awareness.  The Task Force takes a collaborative and
regional approach to effectively meet the threat posed by human traffickers who
are increasingly organized and sophisticated.



 The Task Force is composed of 19 local, state and federal agencies, including
the California Department of Justice, California Highway Patrol, Chula Vista
Police Department, Coronado Police Department, Escondido Police Department,
Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Immigration and Customs Enforcement
(ICE), Internal Revenue Service, La Mesa Police Department, Oceanside Police
Department, San Diego City Attorney's Office, San Diego County District
Attorney's Office, San Diego County Probation Department, San Diego County
Sheriff's Department, San Diego Police Department, U.S. Attorney's Office, U.S.
Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and U.S.
Marshals Service.



 The San Diego Human Trafficking Task Force have referred Evans' victims to
victim advocate groups in order to assist them in accessing housing, counseling,
drug treatment, job training and other social services.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              July 28, 2014 Monday

Let's Tune Out Reality Tv

BYLINE: Editorial

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 484  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Lancaster County should shun reality TV.

That goes a bit further than the Respect Amish movement, which has added to its
ranks the local Chamber of Commerce and the Pennsylvania Dutch Convention &
Visitors Bureau.

The movement - started by Mary Haverstick, a Lancaster writer-director whose
films include the award-winning feature "Home," a Gregory Douglas music video
and, most recently, a documentary on New York City's carriage horse industry
narrated by Liam Neeson - is aimed at TV shows such as "Amish Mafia" and
"Breaking Amish."

Respect Amish correctly argues that such shows misrepresent and show a complete
disrespect for the culture of our neighbors in the Plain community.

The Chamber and Visitors Bureau reached out to its 3,000 members, asking that
they "refrain from providing any assistance to these destructive attempts to
exploit the Amish lifestyle."

Denying such shows space to do their filming and time for interviews is
appropriate because, as Chamber President Tom Baldrige noted, reality TV is
"turning a culture that has been a long-standing pillar of respect into a fad."

While there might be some short-term gain in participating in such shows, their
overall effect demeans the Lancaster County brand.

The Amish - and by association, Lancaster County - are known for virtues such as
humility and down-to-earth hospitality.

Reality TV's in-your-face dramatic style clashes entirely with the low-key,
easygoing manner that makes Lancaster County a great place to live, work and
vacation.

The Respect Amish movement is correct that the shows it targets exploit the
Amish and should not, out of respect for our Plain neighbors, get any
cooperation from the residents and businesses of Lancaster County.

Beyond that, much of reality TV is probably best shunned by all.

Overall, "reality" TV is a poor description of most of the fare in the genre.

The producers of the shows seek drama, and if it's not natural to the situation
they're filming, they do what they can to create it - egging on participants in
off-screen chats to react with over-the-top displays of emotion.

Acts of common courtesy are no doubt deleted for lack of entertainment value -
with the result that most "reality TV stars" appear to be ill-mannered and/or
foul-mouthed.

There are exceptions, of course, including Gap native Anne Beiler's
participation in "Secret Millionaire," in which the Auntie Anne's founder showed
her usual grace and charm and helped people in the process. And shows such as
"Duck Dynasty" are silly but harmless.

Overall, however, reality TV is a misnamed genre that should be a pariah in any
self-respecting community.

As a matter of respect for our Amish neighbors, Lancaster County residents and
businesses should eschew entertainment that misrepresents and exploits their
culture.

And out of simple self-respect, any sensible person anywhere should avoid
participating in most such fare in any way.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             March 10, 2014 Monday

Lawyer's trail of abuse

LENGTH: 387  words


High-profile Florida lawyer John Rex Powell has agreed to serve at least 20
years' jail in the US for his involvement in a global pedophile ring that had a
young Australian boy as its prized sex object.


The boy, as a newborn, was bought for $US8000 (NZ$9456) in Russia by Australian
pedophile Peter Truong and his longtime American partner Mark Newton.
Truong and Newton lived in Cairns but they travelled the world with the boy,
visiting other members of their 'Boy Lovers' pedophile ring.
Powell, in a deal with federal prosecutors in Indiana, has agreed to serve
between 20 and 30 years' jail in the US, and after his release be subject to
supervision for the rest of his life, not possess pornography, participate in a
programme for sexual disorders, undergo polygraph exams, register as a sex
offender and consent to having his computer use monitored.
An Indiana judge will decide how much time Powell will serve.
Powell, 41, will plead guilty to a count of conspiring with Truong, Newton and
others to sexually exploit the boy and a count of engaging in a child
pornography enterprise.
The lawyer will also plead guilty to conspiring to sexually exploit another
victim, a boy in New Jersey.
Last year in an Indianapolis court Truong, 36 was sentenced to 30 years' jail
and Newton, 42, was jailed for 40 years.
The investigation began in New Zealand in 2011 after the discovery of child
pornography and clues led Queensland Police to the Cairns home of Truong and
Newton.
Truong and Newton were then tracked to Los Angeles, where they were arrested and
the boy rescued by US authorities.
Powell went by the screen name 'thebeav' and travelled to the Cairns home where
Truong, Newton and the boy lived, prosecutors said.
Powell allegedly had sex with the boy, then aged five or six, during the stay,
as well as during a trip to France.
Video evidence obtained by authorities allegedly showed Truong, Newton, Powell,
the boy and another man, Jason Bettuo, 36, visiting San Francisco Zoo and later
Powell assaulting the boy on a hotel bed alongside the child's stuffed toys.
Bettuo has been sentenced to 25 years' jail.
A sentencing date for Powell has not been set.
Under the plea deal he has agreed to cooperate with prosecutors during
interviews and provide truthful testimony to grand juries and trials.© 2014
Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 25, 2010 Saturday

In Hindsight: Verizon iPhone? If Apple gets 'with the program'

BYLINE: By Frank Michael Russell frussell@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Local; Business; Columnists

LENGTH: 999 words


Last week in Silicon Valley (and the tech sphere):

Monday

Acquisitive Redwood City tech giant Oracle took over much of San Francisco for
its yearly Oracle OpenWorld conference, and the company's new co-president, Mark
Hurd, settled a legal dispute with his former employer. Hurd, you might recall,
was ousted as CEO of Palo Alto tech giant Hewlett-Packard, but was defended by
his friend Larry Ellison, who offered him a job at Oracle. However, HP sued,
contending that there was no way Hurd could work at Oracle without revealing
HP's confidential information. Settling the dispute, Hurd promised he wouldn't
do that -- and gave up $13 million in HP stock options that had been part of his
severance. Cathie Lesjack, HP's interim CEO, and Oracle CEO Ellison also
promised the two companies would remain friends (or at least "frenemies," given
Oracle's move into the hardware business with its $7.4 billion acquisition this
year of computer server maker Sun Microsystems).

Tuesday

San Francisco microblogging upstart Twitter (which lets you share your thoughts
online, as long as you keep them to 140 characters or less) was hit by a
fast-retweeting virus. Twitter said it wasn't aware of any harm to computers and
that "user account information was not compromised." In a post on the company's
official blog (this explanation needed more than 140 characters), Twitter
apologized to its users and said the "security exploit" was caused by
"cross-site scripting," or "the practice of placing code from an untrusted
website into another one. In this case, users submitted JavaScript code as plain
text into a tweet that could be executed in the browser of another user."
Twitter explained that "someone created an account that exploited the issue by
turning tweets different colors and causing a pop-up box with text to appear
when someone hovered over the link in the tweet. This is why folks are referring
to this as an 'onMouseOver' flaw -- the exploit occurred when someone moused
over a link." Later in the week, according to The Associated Press, a Japanese
hacker took credit for being that certain "someone," explaining that he only was
trying to "urgently expose" a security vulnerability.

Wednesday

Forbes magazine released its list of the world's 400 richest people, and we
weren't surprised to see numerous tech magnates on the list, including: Bill
Gates, co-founder of Redmond, Wash., software megabehoth Microsoft, at No. 1
with an estimated worth of $54 billion; Ellison at No. 3 with a mere $27
billion; Google guys Larry Page and Sergey Brin, tied at No. 11 with $15 billion
each; Dell dude Michael Dell at No. 15 with $14 billion; Microsofties Steve
Ballmer and Paul Allen at Nos. 16 and 17 with $13.1 billion and $12.7 billion;
Amazon.com 's Jeff Bezos at No. 18 with $12.6 billion; Mark Zuckerberg, the
often-hoodie-clad CEO of Palo Alto social networking powerhouse Facebook, at No.
35 with $6.9 billion; Apple CEO and Disney shareholder Steve Jobs at No. 42 with
$6.1 billion (Zuck is richer than Jobs?); eBay founder Pierre Omidyar at No. 47
with $5.5 billion; and Google CEO Eric Schmidt at No. 48 with $5.45 billion.
(And that's just among the Top 50.)

Thursday

Fans of Apple's iPhone, if you're hoping to escape the clutches of wireless
carrier AT&T in the near future for rival Verizon Wireless, fuhgeddaboudit! (Or,
as we say here on the West Coast: Dude. Forget about it.) According to our
friends at AP, Ivan Seidenberg -- CEO of New York-based Verizon Communications
-- signaled it was unlikely that Apple's iPhone will be available on his
company's 3G network. He said he was hopeful that the Cupertino maker of Mac
computers and "i" devices will allow Verizon to sell the iPhone when the carrier
builds out its 4G network. In the meantime, Seidenberg said he's happy with
Verizon's lineup of phones running Mountain View Internet juggernaut Google's
Android software. "We don't feel like we have an iPhone deficit," Seidenberg
said, according to AP. "We would love to carry it when we get there, but we have
to earn it." As for a faster network, the CEO said, "I think 4G will accelerate
the process, and any other decisions Apple makes would be fine with us.
Hopefully, at some point Apple will get with the program."

Giant movie-rental chain Blockbuster, meanwhile, filed for Chapter 11
bankruptcy, with plans to evaluate the future of each of its 3,000 stores (which
will remain open, for now). Analysts blamed Blockbuster's troubles on
competition from Los Gatos online DVD rental pioneer Netflix, Coinstar's Redbox
kiosks and Internet video sites such as Hulu.

Friday

Speaking of Netflix, it signed a deal with media giant NBC Universal to put
"Saturday Night Live," "Battlestar Galactica" and other shows on its online
instant streaming service. The agreement includes all episodes of "SNL,"
including day-after-broadcast viewing for the next three seasons. Most other
shows, though, will be from previous seasons.

Facebook's Zuckerberg, meanwhile, was in Chicago on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" to
announce he was donating $100 million in Facebook stock to improve public
schools in Newark, N.J. "Newark has unfortunately become a symbol of public
education's failure," Zuckerberg explained in a blog post at
www.facebook.com/startupeducation . "Using my own Facebook stock, I'm creating
the Startup: Education foundation with over $100 million to invest in educating
and improving the lives of young people." Zuckerberg also took questions about
the coming "The Social Network" movie, which we hear offers an unflattering
portrayal of Zuckerberg during Facebook's early days. Zuckerberg insisted his
life is nowhere near as dramatic. "The last six years have been a lot coding and
focus and hard work," he said, according to AP, "but maybe it would be fun to
remember it as partying and all this crazy drama, so you know who knows? Maybe
it will be an interesting story."

Contact Frank Russell at frussell@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5876. Follow him at
Twitter.com/mercspike .

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 4, 2017 Saturday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of the Army (North Carolina)
Issues Solicitation for "Internet of Battlefield Things (IoBT) Collaborative
Research Alliance (CRA)"

LENGTH: 337  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of the Army, Army Contracting Command officer has issued
requirement for "Internet of Battlefield Things (IoBT) Collaborative Research
Alliance (CRA)"

Solicitation No: W911NF-17-S-0005

Notice Type: Special Notice
Posted Date: March 3, 2017

Description: Added: Mar 03, 2017 2:05 pm
The ability of the Army to understand, predict, adapt, and exploit the vast
array of internetworked things that will be present of the future battlefield is
critical to maintaining and increasing its competitive advantage.

The explosive growth of technologies in the commercial sector that exploits the
convergence of cloud computing, ubiquitous mobile communications, networks of
data-gathering sensors, and artificial intelligence presents an imposing
challenge for the Army. These Internet of Things (IoT) technologies will give
our enemies ever increasing capabilities that must be countered, but commercial
developments do not address the unique challenges that the Army will face in
using them. The U.S. Army Research Laboratory (ARL) has established an
Enterprise approach to address the challenges resulting from the Internet of
Battlefield Things (IoBT) that couples multi-disciplinary internal research with
extramural research and collaborative ventures. ARL intends to establish a new
collaborative venture (the IoBT CRA) that seeks to develop the foundations of
IoBT in the context of future Army operations. The Collaborative Research
Alliance (CRA) will consist of private sector and government researchers working
jointly to solve complex problems. The overall objective is to develop the
fundamental understanding of dynamically-composable, adaptive, goal-driven IoBTs
to enable predictive analytics for intelligent command and control and
battlefield services.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Contact Details: PO BOX 12211 RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, North Carolina 27709-2211
United States

Point of Contact(s): Niko Georgakopoulos nikolaos.georgakopoulos.civ@mail.mil
Phone: 9195410817


LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            September 1, 2013 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Con artists exploit the confusion over new health care law

BYLINE: Michelle Singletary

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 826 words


Scammers exploit the confusion over health care law       Don't get scammed on
the new health care law

Consumers are getting phone calls from people claiming to provide insurance
cards.

Obamacare is upon us, and already fraudsters are out to cheat people.

With a lot of confusion about the health insurance marketplaces, consumers are
receiving phone calls from people claiming to provide insurance cards needed
under the Affordable Care Act. Keep your guard up, says Edward Johnson,
president and chief executive of the Better Business Bureau of Metro Washington
and Eastern Pennsylvania.

One of the more controversial and confusing provisions of the law, and one that
con artists might try to exploit, is the provision that requires most Americans
to maintain "minimum essential" health insurance coverage. A just-released
Kaiser Family Foundation poll found that about half of respondents do not
understand how the law will affect their own families.

Kaiser found that just over a third of the public, including the uninsured, say
they have tried to get more information, most often through a general Internet
search.

That should please the con artists. Fraudsters are pretty clever about creating
Web sites that spoof legitimate Internet sites.

Johnson said health insurance schemes will only get worse over the next four to
six months as the Affordable Care Act is implemented.

"Scammers take advantage of the latest policy or new program to hook potential
victims with something new in the news that they don't yet know much about,"
Johnson said.

The Federal Trade Commission is hosting a roundtable Sept. 19 to discuss health
care-related scams. The agency is bringing together federal and state
consumer-protection officials, legal-service providers, community organizations
and consumer advocates to discuss how best to help consumers avoid potential
scams. The roundtable will be broadcast on the Web.

"We have lots of eyes on the marketplace already," said Lois Greisman, associate
director of the FTC's division of marketing practices.

So how might one of the scams work?

You might receive a call from someone claiming to be from the federal
government, Johnson said. The caller informs you that you've been selected as
part of the initial group of Americans to receive insurance cards through the
new Affordable Care Act. That's the hook - and a lie. Before he or she can mail
your card, you are told, you need to provide some personal information. That's
the heart of the scam.

The goal is to get you to provide personal information, such as your bank
account or Social Security number. Scammers can use this information to open
credit cards in your name or steal from your bank account.

There are no special insurance cards being issued as part of the enrollment for
the Affordable Care Act. Further, open enrollment doesn't start until Oct. 1. So
anyone claiming they can sign you up now is deceiving you.

Here are some tips from the BBB to protect yourself:

l  Government agencies normally communicate through the mail, so immediately put
up your guard if you get an unsolicited call, text message or e-mail from
someone claiming that he or she will help you sign up for health insurance. The
way the exchanges work, you must take the initiative to sign up.

l  If you get an unsolicited call regarding health care insurance, hang up.
Don't engage the person. If you need any information, go to www.healthcare.gov,
the official insurance marketplace Web site. You can also dial a toll-free
number - (800) 318-2596 - 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Hearing-impaired
callers using TTY/TDD technology can dial (855) 889-4325 for assistance. Kaiser
found that few people were turning to health insurance companies, nonprofit or
community organizations or government Web sites to become informed. Be sure you
are searching legitimate sites.

l  Don't trust your caller-ID screen. Scammers have access to technology to
manipulate the screen to display any number or organization name.

l  Never give out personal information such as credit card numbers, bank account
or Social Security numbers or your date of birth to unfamiliar callers.

If you suspect a scammer has contacted you or if you've been conned, file a
complaint at www.ftc.gov. To file a complaint in English or Spanish, click on
the link on the home page that says "Consumer Complaint?" You can also call the
FTC at 877-382-4357. Tell the BBB by going to bbb.org/scam.

"We have lots of eyes on the marketplace already," Greisman said. "Consumer
complaints are critical in helping us identify and stop these scams. We want to
hear from consumers."

Readers may write to Michelle Singletary at The Washington Post, 1150 15th St.
NW, Washington, D.C. 20071 or singletarym@washpost.com Personal responses may
not be possible, and comments or questions may be used in a future column, with
the writer's name, unless otherwise requested. To read previous Color of Money
columns, go to postbusiness.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 ComputerWorld

                               November 17, 2006

At Deadline Briefs

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 247 words



HIGHLIGHT: Short, late-breaking IT developments.


Exploit Posted for Windows Flaw

Hackers have posted code that could be used in worm attacks on Microsoft Corp.
's Windows operating system, said Symantec Corp. It exploits a critical flaw in
a Workstation Service function that was patched only last week. The flaw allows
attackers to create user accounts, install programs and view, modify or delete
data. Microsoft is investigating the exploit claim.

Dell Delays Results Due to SEC Probe

Dell Inc. postponed the release of its third-quarter financial report last week,
citing the complexity of an ongoing investigation of the company by the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission . Dell will now release preliminary
third-quarter results later this month. The SEC is investigating the company's
revenue-recognition and accounting practices for past fiscal years.

HP Reports Gains In Sales, Profits

Hewlett-Packard Co. , emerging from a boardroom scandal in which former
officials have been charged for alleged illegal efforts to plug leaks to the
news media, reported increased revenue and profits in its fourth 2006 quarter.

CA Sues to Recover Kumar's Legal Fees

CA Inc. has filed a lawsuit to recover $14.9 million in legal defense fees it
paid for former CEO Sanjay Kumar, who has pleaded guilty to fraud charges (see
related Brief on Page 10). A Nassau County, N.Y., Supreme Court judge has
approved an attachment order covering Kumar's house, a 1999 57-foot Azimut boat,
two Ferrari cars, a Land Rover and a Volvo , among other items.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 International Data Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            March 29, 2006 Wednesday

CARNAL COLLEGE - THE SHOW THE WB CENSORED FOR TV

BYLINE: Linda Stasi, TV Critic

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 76

LENGTH: 478 words


IF you've heard about the new sleazefest from the WB, the horribly exploitive
"Bedford Diaries," which is all about teenage sex - disguised as a sex
"exploration" class in college - chances are better than good you've decided to
keep your kids as far away as possible.

Well, good luck, pal.

Even though the WB made some FCC-inspired, R-rated scene cuts for broadcast TV,
the producers are running it uncut on the Internet.

The premise of the show is the exploits of students at a New York City college
called, yes, Bedford - which bears a resemblance to Columbia.

There, students take a class called "Sex and the Human Condition," taught by
Professor Macklin (Matthew Modine), in which they discuss their own sex lives
and keep video diaries detailing their thoughts on the sex they've just had - or
not had.

In the very first scene, we see two kids in bed together.

Owen (Penn Badgley), a freshman on the first day of college, jumps out of the
sack because he's late for sex class.

The scenes that were cut include two girls kissing and another of a girl opening
her jeans. But the scenes that weren't cut include a casual-sex scene between a
young, freshman guy, Lee (Ernest Waddell), and Zoe (Victoria Cartagena), whom
he's just met, but who insists on giving him oral sex.

But hey - she's considerate about it. She asks him if she should take off her
lipstick first.

Afterward, she tells her video diary (which will be played in class), "Oral,
hand jobs, sure, mostly giving, mostly guys . . . but I've never had sex - I'm a
virgin!"

Maybe this Bill Clinton explanation of what sex is washes with the writers, but
it sure doesn't with me.

And it's not enough for them to exploit teenage promiscuity, they also exploit
the horror of the recent NYU jumper suicides.

One sophomore, Natalie (Corri English), who has an affair with Owen, is proudly
the only jumper-attempted-suicide who survived at Bedford.

Forget sex, do you want your children to hear dialogue like this: "What would I
change about my sexual history? Everything. But that's the beauty of surviving
suicide . . . " She goes on to say you get to see things in a different way,
blah, blah, blah.

The beauty of surviving suicide? This is some sick shtick - spoiled Hollywood
style.

This silly excuse for a show is made up of a great-looking ensemble in the most
blatant teen-sexuality show in broadcast history.

Oh, and what happens to Natalie, the unbalanced roof jumper?

For reasons I hope never to understand, Owen thinks it'd be romantic to take her
up to (yes) the rooftop telescope.

She doesn't jump this time, but she does say: "The last time Richard and I had
sex was the night before I jumped." Then they start making out. Talk about
high-risk sex!

And if I have to see another episode, I think I may be the next jumper.

---

"Bedford Diaries"

[no stars]

Tonight at 9 on WB

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Will they or won't they? On "Bedford Diaries," it's a pretty safe bet
they will. Pictured: Tiffany Dupont as Sarah and Milo Ventimiglia as Richard.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                              May 15, 2011 Sunday

HOW THE NBA EAST WILL BE WON/LOST

BYLINE: Compiled Doug Smith Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S2

LENGTH: 310 words


The Chicago Bulls are back in the NBA Eastern Conference final for the first
time since the Michael Jordan era in the late-1990s; the Miami Heat return for
the first time since 2006. A look at some key components to the series that
begins Sunday night:

HOW THE BULLS WIN

They live and die on the exploits of Derrick Rose, the league's MVP, and if he
can dominate the Miami backcourt, they've got a great chance. ... The Bulls need
to find a consistent second scoring option, though. ... Vastly superior depth
should help, they'll be able to throw many different defensive looks at the
Heat. ... Joakim Noah, Carlos Boozer, Taj Gibson and Omer Asik give them a
decided frontcourt advantage they'll have to exploit. ... The series should be a
stern test of coach Tom Thibodeau's ability to make key defensive adjustments.

HOW THE HEAT WIN

LeBron James and Dwyane Wade have been unbelievable in the post-season, some
nights in tandem and some nights individually and they give the Heat a huge
advantage on the wing. ... Miami will have to get consistent production out of
Chris Bosh and something - anything - from whichever point guard they use. ...
If backup James Jones can spread the floor by making open three-pointers, it
creates more space for Wade and James to operate.

KEY MATCHUP

Carlos Boozer vs. Chris Bosh

It's entirely likely the Bulls will use Noah on Bosh defensively a little bit
but one of these two are going to have to provide some offensive support for
their more high profile teammates. Boozer seems healthier after being bothered
by a "turf toe" injury early in the series against Atlanta.

NEED TO KNOW

Bulls swept season series. ... The schedule - Game 1 on Sunday, Game 2
Wednesday, Game 3 a week Sunday - would seem to favour Heat, who rely on fewer
players to play big minutes than the Bulls do.

WHAT WILL HAPPEN

Bulls in seven

Compiled by Doug Smith

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Miami Heat's Chris Bosh

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              372 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 15, 2007 Saturday

SEX-HARASS SUPERVISOR AN ANIMAL: EX-WORKER

BYLINE: DAREH GREGORIAN

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 246 words


A former employee at a Bronx substance-abuse-treatment center said her boss was
a real dog who would brag about having sex in front of his cat.

In a lawsuit filed in Manhattan Supreme Court, Excenia Fofana said she and her
female co-workers at Odyssey House were treated like trashy tramps by their
supervisor, who would refer to them as "bitches" while regaling them with tales
of his sexual exploits.

"Women at Odyssey House were also subjected to disturbing and obscene
discussions by [James] Walker about his sexual activities," the suit says.

Fofana's lawyer, Jack Tuckner, said Walker claimed "he's such . . . an ardent
lover that animals would be undulating . . . to his sexual exploits."

Fofana, 43, was hired to work as an outreach worker in June 2006.

"I love helping people, but then to go on the job and be in this kind of
situation where every single day my supervisor is talking about my breasts and
my butt . . . it was very uncomfortable," she said.

Walker, the only man in the five-person office, also refused to keep his paws to
himself, the suit says.

Fofana said she repeatedly complained to Walker about his conduct, but he would
block her efforts to talk to his supervisors. She said he fired her without
explanation in January.

Fofana's complaints did get Walker fired a month later, but she said Odyssey
House refused to rehire her.

A spokeswoman for Odyssey House declined comment, saying they hadn't seen the
suit. Walker could not be reached.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EXCENIA FOFANA Fires back with lawsuit.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 30, 2008 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Phils' spark plug becomes power source;
Victorino's bat keeps team moving through playoffs

BYLINE: Jorge L. Ortiz

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 535 words


PHILADELPHIA -- Even in his breakout season, Shane Victorino ranked no better
than tied for sixth among the Philadelphia Phillies in RBI.

And yet, when the team has needed a key run to cross the plate in the
postseason, Victorino has been the driving force time and again.

From his grand slam against the Milwaukee Brewers' CC Sabathia in the National
League Division Series to his two-RBI single off Tampa Bay Rays starter Scott
Kazmir in Game5 of the World Series, the "Flyin' Hawaiian" has made his mark
every step of the way this October.

Considering Victorino also belted a two-run homer that tied the pivotal Game4 of
the NL Championship Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, a strong case can be
made that he has delivered the key hit in every playoff series the Phillies had
played before Wednesday's resumption of the World Series.

This from a 5-9 player who was the subject of trade rumors in the summer and was
previously known more for his fleet feet and powerful arm than for his hitting
exploits.

Phillies manager Charlie Manuel clearly sees the switch-hitter as more than just
a table-setter, batting him sixth in the order all Series long after having him
in the second spot for most of the season.

"When I got him in the six hole, he seemed to come up definitely with more guys
on base," Manuel said. "And the type of player that he is, he gets to swing the
bat more there instead of having to worry about or concentrate on playing
situational baseball and moving runners."

Victorino, hitting .263 in the World Series and .275 in October, has set a
Phillies postseason record with 13 RBI. His blast off Sabathia, in a 5-2 victory
that gave Philadelphia a commanding lead in the NLDS, was the first playoff
grand slam in the franchise's history.

"He's shown all season he's an aggressive ballplayer, both at the plate and on
the bases," third baseman Pedro Feliz said. "So he's an important spark plug for
us."

The hitting exploits have thrust the loquacious Victorino into center stage at a
time when fan and media attention is at its most intense, and he clearly feels
comfortable in that spot.

"I'm not doing anything different to be on the spotlight," Victorino, 27, said
earlier this postseason. "I just try to go out there and help this team win. It
may be just an ironic thing that it's happening this way."

It's not what the Dodgers and San Diego Padres anticipated. Both clubs gave up
on Victorino, with the Dodgers twice allowing him to be claimed in the Rule 5
draft.

It wasn't until after the Phillies took him in December 2004 that he began to
flourish, hitting .310 with 18 home runs and 70 RBI in 2005 for Class AAA
Scranton/Wilkes-Barre (Moosic, Pa.).

Victorino finally established himself in the majors by hitting .281 with 78 runs
scored in 2007. But he became so worried about rumors he might get traded in
July, he tracked them online in an effort to find out where he might be sent.

Victorino, a resident of Maui,  said he hasn't taken the snubs personally and
doesn't feel especially vindicated.

"My parents always told me, when you set a goal, go after it until you can't
play or they give you an opportunity," he said. "One organization gives you an
opportunity and another one doesn't."

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            October 14, 2012 Sunday
                                  1ST Edition

BYLINE: Bill Wilson and Roy Wenzl; The Wichita Eagle

SECTION: Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1349 words


WICHITA, KAN. | In January 2009, just days after the inauguration of President
Barack Obama, Charles and David Koch met in their company headquarters in
Wichita with their longtime political strategist, Rich Fink.

The country was headed toward bankruptcy, they agreed. Fink told them bluntly
that Obama's administration represented the worst of what Charles and David fear
most: a bloated, regulation-heavy, free-spending government that could plunge
the country into another deep recession. That day, Fink advised two of the
richest men in the nation that it would be the fight of their lives to stop the
government spending spree and to change the course of the country, starting with
the 2012 election.

"If we are going to do this, we should do it right or not at all," Fink, 61,
recalled telling the brothers. "And if we do it right, then it is going to get
very, very ugly."

Three-and-a-half years later, Obama accused the Koch brothers of engineering "a
corporate takeover of our democracy."

The brothers' political spending and the network of conservative political
organizations and think tanks they fund have sparked protests.

Two years of condemnations and criticism prompted Charles Koch to break his
silence about politics. In his most extensive interview in 15 years, Charles
Koch, along with his family and friends, talked about why he wants to defeat
Obama and elect members of Congress who will stop what he calls catastrophic
overspending.

Government recklessness threatens the country and his business, he said.

The Kochs say the price for their political involvement has been high: Death
threats, cyberattacks on their business, hundreds of news stories criticizing
them, calls for boycotts of the company's consumer goods, and what the brothers
see as ongoing and unjustified public attacks from the Obama administration.

The Kochs aren't finished. Win or lose in November, they plan to start a new
fight. They are organizing dozens of business and grassroots groups to build
support for eliminating all corporate and agricultural subsidies.

Ending subsidies

The country must deal with corporate welfare, which they say exceeds $350
billion a year, before it can rein in spending on Social Security and Medicare,
Fink said.

"How is any American going to feel good about reforming Medicare, Medicaid and
Social Security when there is so much cronyism going on with these companies,
and businessmen are making off with so many tax dollars?" Fink asked.

The Kochs won't say how much they are spending or specifically what they are
doing to defeat Obama, but it's enough to prompt critics to question how much
political influence one family should have.

"The Koch political machine is the most elaborate, comprehensive financial dip
into American politics since Standard Oil and the robber barons a century ago,"
said Larry Jacobs, a political scientist at the University of Minnesota. "This
is the 21st century version of how you buy yourself a government in America."

Their motive, Jacobs suspects, is wealth. "The rest of this may well be the
means to an end."

Charles Koch says his enemies accuse him of maneuvering "so that we can be free
to plunder or exploit people, exploit our employees, exploit our customers.

"And if that's true, why are we the only large company that's doing this?" he
asked. "If this were the easy way to make money, why wouldn't they be doing it?"

Charles Koch said he would prefer not to get involved in politics.

"I look at those activities as defensive," he said. "That is, we need to
preserve enough liberty and enough of a market economy so people can speak out
and have independent resources to provide diverse opinions, and try to put some
limits on the growth and intrusiveness of government."

The Kochs believe the country is racing inevitably to economic disaster. They
blame Republicans and Democrats alike.

They say that overspending, coupled with future shortfalls in Social Security,
Medicaid and Medicare, along with interest on the national debt, will push the
country into bankruptcy.

"We're running well over a trillion-dollar-a-year deficits with our national
debt climbing inexorably to greater and greater level," David Koch said. "The
Federal Reserve, of course, is buying the bonds the federal government issues to
finance the debt. And my God, if this continues to increase, we're going to have
ever-increasing inflation, it could become runaway inflation that would raise
interest rates on our national debt enormously, and our country could spiral
into bankruptcy."

The Kochs say neither Obama nor Romney will address overspending or expanding
government.

"You go through history, the rate of increase in federal government has been
almost the same under Republicans as under Democrats," Charles Koch said. But he
said that under Romney the country's economic decline will proceed more slowly.

Corporate cronyism

They also say that the country is threatened by cronyism, companies that would
lobby for regulations to cripple their competitors or for subsidies rather than
compete in the marketplace.

"Businesses, rather than focusing on finding what products and services will add
value for people, will improve their quality of life, go to the government and
get subsidies, mandates and other things, so the economy is no longer directed
by individual consumers, but it's directed politically," Charles Koch said.

Although the Kochs have long complained about corporate subsidies, saying they
increase taxes and the price of goods, the company accepts subsidies for
production of ethanol. Not accepting them would put the company at a competitive
disadvantage, they say.

The Kochs believe that no government program can create real prosperity, and
that when government interferes with the markets, whether through subsidies,
taxation or excessive regulation, it diminishes prosperity.

A case in point, Charles Koch said, is low interest rates.

"I worry about the policy of the Fed, with zero interest rates. OK, that may
make some of the banks a lot of money, but what does it do to the person who
saved? Who's counting on income? How are they going to invest? They're going to
make now very risky investments to get any return. It's zero return on
depositing your money now. That wasn't what they banked on when they saved this
money and thought they'd have enough to live on when they retired."

Another is the housing crisis. The problems, he said, started with regulations.

"Fanny and Freddie were subsidizing the majority of houses, and they were
directing the banks where to put it, and underwriting losses. So once again,
this is, the banks profited from this, and the losses were socialized.
Taxpayers, the ordinary person, the poor people are bearing that - to enrich a
few bankers."

The Kochs think government is an obstacle to making money that should be
removed, said Jim Steele, who with Don Barlett just released "The Betrayal of
the American Dream." The book accuses the "ruling elite" - including the Kochs -
of impoverishing the American middle class by pushing initiatives such as
deregulation, outsourcing and balanced budgets to enrich themselves.

The Kochs have spent more than three decades building a vast, sophisticated
network of think tanks, university researchers and citizen groups to advocate
for limited government, lower taxes and limited regulation.

"We feel that the views of the foundations that they support ... have been
really instrumental in undermining the economic well-being of the middle class,"
Steele said.

Steele said the Kochs are using money they gleaned from lower taxes on dividends
and on the wealthy to finance a disinformation campaign against Obama.

Steele said claims by Republicans that Obama is responsible for the current
budget deficit are preposterous.

"His predecessor ran up the deficit, and because of the issues with Bush II, the
economy slows down, tax collections are down and that contributes to the
deficit.

"So now they're going to run ads basically with free money, the money they've
saved not paying taxes on their dividends, to accuse him of the deficit
problems.

"It's truly preposterous."

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             March 4, 2008 Tuesday

Soon we could all go for a pint in the Rovers

BYLINE: DEBORAH LINTON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 349 words


CORRIE fans have always dreamed of supping a pint and eating one of Bettie's hot
pots in the Rovers.

Now they could get the chance after ITV bosses revealed plans to introduce
Rovers Return theme pubs across the country.

TV chiefs have revealed they are looking at new ways to exploit the show's
commercial potential.

Teaming up with a pub chain will allow them to cash in on the brand of a
traditional 'back street boozer', which has been a favourite with soap fans for
nearly 50 years.

Other ideas to cash in on the show include reviving the Granada Studios tours.

ITV spokesman Dawn Airey said: "We are absolutely looking to exploit all our
brands in a far more commercial and efficient way.

"A huge amount of value lies in big ITV brands like Coronation Street and
finding more creative and imaginative ways of exploiting those brands."

But the idea has not been welcomed by regulars at the real Rovers Return - in
Chapel Street, Salford. Kate Edwards, 27, a manager at the Lowry Hotel, said:
"If it becomes a chain it defeats the object of going into your local. I come to
this pub for what it has to offer. I wouldn't go in if it was a chain."

Her colleague, Lindsay Rotherham, 23, said: "It wouldn't be the same as a proper
local. Once you start recreating it you'd have the same thing everywhere."

Alex Johnson, 37, a painter from Salford, said: "We should just keep the one
here in Salford. It would be tacky if they put it anywhere else."

Rovers' bar manager Bryan O'Neill, 63, said: "We need to keep ordinary
traditional English pubs. I wouldn't want to see the name put on a gastro pub or
a wine bar."

Landlady Margaret Cooke warned bosses that it might not be the right time to
open a traditional pub.

She said: "I'm proud we were here first but it would be a shame to lose some of
our uniqueness."

A Coronation Street spokeswoman said the idea had come from outside the station
and was 'highly speculative' but she did not rule it out.

She said: "We're looking at different ways to extend some of our big programme
brands but no decisions at all have been taken on it."

deborah.linton@men-news.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FAMOUS NAME Coronation Street's Rovers and (right) the real Manchester
pub with landlady Margaret Cooke

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of Microsoft Corporation titled as "Honey
Monkey Network Exploration"

LENGTH: 199  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140331328, published on November 06, 2014, by Microsoft Corporation, titled as
"Honey Monkey Network Exploration" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Wang; Yi-Min; (Bellevue, WA) ; Beck; Douglas; (Bothell, WA)
Assignee:           Microsoft Corporation
Redmond
WA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
network can be explored to investigate exploitive behavior. For example, network
sites may be actively explored by a honey monkey system to detect if they are
capable of accomplishing exploits, including browser-based exploits, on a
machine. Also, the accomplishment of exploits may be detected by tracing events
occurring on a machine after visiting a network site and analyzing the traced
events for illicit behavior. Alternatively, site redirections between and among
uniform resource locators (URLs) may be explored to discover relationships
between sites that are visited."

The Patent was filed on July 16, 2014 under application No. 20140331328

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

In the Wake of the Garner Grand Jury, a Time for Leadership

BYLINE: The Editors

LENGTH: 469 words


The question now is whether the mayor will seek to bridge the divide or whether
he will exploit the anger and frustration for political advantage.

Protesters in Grand Central Station (Daniel Cole/For New York Observer)

Bill de Blasio saw this coming. Not the death of Eric Garner and the vote of no
bill from a Staten Island grand jury. Nobody could have foreseen that. But he
did understand that many New Yorkers were alienated and frustrated for a host of
reasons, and he campaigned as the spokesman for those who felt left behind.

The question now is whether the mayor will seek to bridge the divide or whether
he will exploit the anger and frustration for political advantage.

Within minutes of the announcement on Wednesday night that police officer Daniel
Panteleo would not stand trial for Garner's death, thousands of New Yorkers took
to the streets. There was no violence as there was in Ferguson, Mo., last week
after police officer Darren Wilson was not indicted for the death of Michael
Brown. But the demonstrators here achieved their goal of disrupting everyday
life and drawing attention to what they and others view as a terrible injustice.

The demonstrations, which will go on today and in the days to come, demand a
fitting response from the mayor. He understands the frustrations of the
demonstrators. But he also is de-facto commander-in-chief of the New York Police
Department. He has the power and the intelligence to bring the two New Yorks
together, to address the concerns of both sides of the divide.

More than anything else, he has to restore confidence in the NYPD within the
African-American community. Garner's death did not occur in a vacuum. Rightly or
wrongly, it is perceived as yet another example of overly aggressive policing
leading to the death of a black man. The video of Garner's takedown and its
aftermath surely does little to counter that narrative.

It is not the habit of this editorial page to quote from the editorial pages of
other newspapers, but The New York Times beautifully summarized the stark
disconnect that played out on video. "The imbalance between Mr. Garner's fate,
on a Staten Island sidewalk in July, and his supposed infraction, selling loose
cigarettes, is grotesque and outrageous."

Today, emotions are raw, and not just in the black community. New York has
thousands of good cops-and historically high numbers of black, Latino, and
female cops-who have been put on the defensive by the anti-police rhetoric of
demagogues here in the city and elsewhere. The mayor must address their concerns
as well.

The mayor has spoken often about building a new partnership of respect between
citizens and the police. The emphasis must be on partnership, otherwise
grievances on one side or the other will continue to fester.

Now is the time for leadership, not for politics.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                          September 30, 2009 Wednesday

Broncos reinvent themselves every week

BYLINE: Frank Schwab The Gazette (Colorado Springs)

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 484 words


ENGLEWOOD -- Each week, the Denver Broncos wipe the game plan clean. Other teams
take pride in their "identity," but the Broncos proudly admit their identity is
they have none.

"I do not think we are one of those teams that you could categorize as, 'We do
what we do,'" Broncos coach Josh McDaniels said. "We kind of do what we do each
week differently."

Every football team tries to exploit the opponents' weakness, whether it is a
specific player, a thin position group or a vulnerable formation. The Broncos
take that to an extreme level. They feel they have smart, versatile players and
assistant coaches who take pride in their teaching ability, so they change and
cater their weekly plan to exploit weaknesses.

On Monday and Tuesday, coaches spend long hours finding the opponent's
deficiencies. During the first team meeting on Wednesdays, the plan is revealed.

"I think the thing that I really enjoy is coming in there on Wednesday morning
and trying to describe what kind of team we are playing and how we are going to
try to play to beat them," McDaniels said. "And you see 55 guys, 60 guys taking
notes, writing things down and then digesting it."

Though the exploitive approach isthe same for Denver's offense and defense, it
is easy to see the weekly differences on offense. For example, against Oakland,
the Broncos apparently felt they could line up with multiple tight ends, be
physical and run the ball. That was the crux of the plan, and they rushed for
215 yards. They also felt Oakland's speed in the secondary, especially at
cornerback, was a strength. So pass plays worked the middle of the field.
Receiver Brandon Marshall often lined up tight to the line and was matched up
against a linebacker or safety. He caught a touchdown when he got a mismatch
against linebacker Kirk Morrison. Marshall caught five of Kyle Orton's 13
completions.

There are challenges for the coaches and players with the weekly overhaul.
First, the coaches need to find a weakness to beat. Tight ends coach Clancy
Barone said that's a fun part of the job.

"Imagine doing this from July until February, hopefully, and it's the same
thing, the same cookie cutter every day seven days a week," Barone said. "That
would get kind of old, I think. It keeps us fresh, keeps the players going.
Because every team we play is going to be different."

Preparation for the players is intense. Some weeks, a four-receiver set might be
the main formation. The next, it could be three tight ends. And based on what
the Broncos consider favorable matchups, any skill position player could be
featured. According to McDaniels, many of the plays, formations, personnel
groupings and ideals the team used beat Cleveland in Week 2 were never discussed
last week before the Raiders game.

"You have to be on top of your game and put a lot of time into studying,"
receiver Brandon Stokley said. "If you don't, you're going to be lost."

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Alberni Valley Times (British Columbia)

                               May 2, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Rested Lethbridge ready for Spokane in WHL final

BYLINE: John Down, Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 326  words

DATELINE: CALGARY


Momentum can be fleeting but the Lethbridge Hurricanes will be looking to stir
up another storm when they continue their quest for the Ed Chynoweth Cup.

It will be with considerable interest to see what kind of game the Hurricanes
bring to the table tonight when they invade the home of the Spokane Chiefs in
Game 1 of the best-of-seven Western Hockey League championship series.

What you have is a team that's been away from the playoff scene since sweeping
aside the Calgary Hitmen 10 days ago for the Eastern Conference title going
against a team that ended the equivalent of a nine-game series (three double
overtimes, two single overtimes) against the Tri-City Americans for the Western
laurels less than three days ago.

So can the Hurricanes, unbeaten in their last eight playoff starts, use that
rest period to exploit a possibly weary foe?

"I don't know if exploit is the right word," said Lethbridge general

manager Roy Stasiuk, in Calgary on Wednesday and Thursday for the WHL awards
luncheon and Bantam Draft.

"We watched that series and it wasn't a real physical series. It was two good
skating teams with a lot of flow to it.

"It wasn't bump and grind, it wasn't get dirty in the corners. There was a lot
of speed, a lot of excitement so I don't know how tired Spokane will be . . .
they're kids, they're resilient and we're expecting them to come even harder.

"The adrenalin alone will certainly lift up their game."

But rust does build in lengthy layoffs and Stasiuk, like most observers, can
only wait and see exactly how beneficial or detrimental and 10-day layoff was to
coach Michael Dyck's troops.

"We'll know by the 10, 11-minute mark of the first game if it's going to hurt us
or help us," surmised Stasiuk. "It's probably going to take us some time to find
our game legs and get back in the groove."

Game 2 will be played Saturday night at Spokane with the series returning to
Lethbridge on Tuesday and Wednesday for the third and fourth games.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Alberni Valley Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                               May 2, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Rested Lethbridge ready for Spokane in WHL final

BYLINE: John Down, Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 330  words

DATELINE: CALGARY


CALGARY-- Momentum can be fleeting but the Lethbridge Hurricanes will be looking
to stir up another storm when they continue their quest for the Ed Chynoweth
Cup.

It will be with considerable interest to see what kind of game the Hurricanes
bring to the table tonight when they invade the home of the Spokane Chiefs in
Game 1 of the best-of-seven Western Hockey League championship series.

What you have is a team that's been away from the playoff scene since sweeping
aside the Calgary Hitmen 10 days ago for the Eastern Conference title going
against a team that ended the equivalent of a nine-game series (three double
overtimes, two single overtimes) against the Tri-City Americans for the Western
laurels less than three days ago.

So can the Hurricanes, unbeaten in their last eight playoff starts, use that
rest period to exploit a possibly weary foe?

"I don't know if exploit is the right word," said Lethbridge general manager Roy
Stasiuk, in Calgary on Wednesday and Thursday for the WHL awards luncheon and
Bantam Draft.

"We watched that series and it wasn't a real physical series. It was two good
skating teams with a lot of flow to it.

"It wasn't bump and grind, it wasn't get dirty in the corners. There was a lot
of speed, a lot of excitement so I don't know how tired Spokane will be . . .
they're kids, they're resilient and we're expecting them to come even harder.

"The adrenalin alone will certainly lift up their game."

But rust does build in lengthy layoffs and Stasiuk, like most observers, can
only wait and see exactly how beneficial or detrimental and 10-day layoff was to
coach Michael Dyck's troops.

"We'll know by the 10, 11-minute mark of the first game if it's going to hurt us
or help us," surmised Stasiuk. "It's probably going to take us some time to find
our game legs and get back in the groove."

Game 2 will be played Saturday night at Spokane with the series returning to
Lethbridge on Tuesday and Wednesday for the third and fourth games.

Calgary Herald

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                                 June 14, 2004

Letters to the editor

BYLINE: readers

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 550 words



Regarding "Redmond enlists security vendors to automate policy compliance"
(www.nwfusion.com, DocFinder: 2423): The idea that Microsoft can stop an exploit
at the software level, without using the switches and routers, is ridiculous.

To achieve such a solution, Microsoft would have to not allow the logon, or it
would require that all systems be installed on segregated LANs that can't see
any systems except VPN servers, and that all network connectivity would have to
pass through a VPN server. The first option does not protect the network at all
because the exploits don't rely on network authorization; worms exploit networks
from an unauthenticated connection in most cases. The second option would work,
but would not be very efficient; VPN traffic carries a heavy CPU price, and to
perform VPN encryption/description would impose such a large load on the gateway
CPU that network performance would suffer.

The only way to implement an isolation-based solution to system integrity
management is to do it with the cooperation of the network switch, so that the
virtual LAN assigned to the switch port is physically changed after a node is
authenticated and authorized. To complete the design, the authentication,
deauthentication, authorization and deauthorization processes should be logged
for a minimal level of accountability.

Armand Welsh

Riverside, Calif.

In Mike Zeigler's letter to the editor, he described his bad experience with
3Com (DocFinder: 2022). It's too bad that he perceives the burn to have crippled
him these many years later. Consider what unfair business practices at Cisco
have done over the same amount of time to our entire electronics infrastructure.
Because of Cisco's assurance to the world markets that it would get and keep
prices low, the company has effectively dominated the network hardware industry.

One would be led to believe that is the American way, but consider what would
have happened if during the early days of the telegraph, frontiersmen dropped
the rates on the pony express to carry messages and information. Further,
imagine if Americans back then opted for the cheaper price rather than for the
better equipment. That's essentially what has happened and is only ending today
as the first cracks appear in the sprawling Cisco empire and its telephone
technology-based switching equipment.

It's time to adopt new technology and lose the 19th century technology that the
Cisco Kid has stuffed down our throats.

Alfred Brock

Canton, Mich.

Mike Zeigler's letter reminds me of my experience with 3Com. In the mid 1990s,
my company installed 11 3Com Model 3300 stackable switches.  >From the second
week of operation, a pattern of failure began to emerge. Seemingly at random,
the switches locked up and required a power-off reset to resume functioning.

After four weeks, I called 3Com tech support. The techs would not listen to the
description of my problem unless I gave them a credit card number. I refused.
Several weeks later, I found out that the problem was well known and required a
firmware update to resolve. But that information didn't come from 3Com; it came
from a 3Com user group meeting. We haven't purchased a single piece of 3Com
equipment since then, nor will we in the future.

Rich German

Salinas, Calif.


LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Network World, Inc.


                              382 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 11, 2000 Tuesday

Microsoft hopes to exploit fears of new rival's partiality;
Software maker expected to use AOL-Time Warner deal;
as opportunity to get closer to AT&T

BYLINE: DAVID BANK, The Wall Street Journal

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; THE AOL-TIME WARNER BLOCKBUSTER; Pg.
B14

LENGTH: 757 words


Microsoft Corp.'s competitors have long played on fears of the software giant
with a simple pitch to potential partners: "We're not Microsoft." Now Microsoft
is preparing its own appeal: "We're not AOL Time Warner."

The software king hopes to exploit concerns among other media companies and
network operators that the new AOL (America Online Inc.) will promote Time
Warner Inc.'s properties and its own content over the offerings of competitors.
In its own efforts to break into the market for "broadband," or high-speed
Internet service, Microsoft can now cast its own software and services as the
neutral alternative.

In particular, Microsoft is expected to use the AOL-Time Warner deal as an
opportunity to get even closer to New York-based AT&T Corp., the only cable
operator larger than New York-based Time Warner. Last year, Microsoft invested
$5-billion (U.S.) in AT&T, which is racing to deliver an integrated bundle of
voice, video and high-speed Internet services over its cable-TV lines. Redmond,
Wash.-based Microsoft is scheduled to deploy its interactive-TV technology in
two of AT&T's cable markets by midyear.

"It makes partnering easier for us," said Yusuf Mehdi, director of marketing for
Microsoft's MSN Internet-access service. "AOL is cementing its strategy of being
a company that promotes its own proprietary content. We are a software-services
and platform company that can work with any media company."

Still, the deal secures AOL's overwhelming lead over Microsoft as a provider of
Internet access and finally gives the on-line giant a viable strategy for
providing broadband service. Time Warner has about 20 million cable subscribers
who eventually could be offered high-speed Internet access, which will make it
possible to offer movies, video-based news and other data-rich services that
today can't readily be sent over the Internet.

In contrast, Microsoft has a patchwork of more limited agreements to provide
broadband services to cable companies, such as AT&T, and with telecommunications
companies such as Denver-based Qwest Communications International Inc.

Microsoft helped propel Dulles, Va.-based AOL to its large lead with a series of
embarrassing stumbles in its on-line strategy. The company launched its
Microsoft Network service as a closed, proprietary offering just as the
open-access Web was undermining that approach. Then, the company sought to
produce costly television-style online shows in an ill-fated media strategy that
was soon abandoned. MSN's subscriber base peaked at about 2.3 million in May,
1997, when the company stopped reporting the numbers.

Mr. Mehdi recently boasted that MSN will gain more Internet-access subscribers
this year than AOL, and said yesterday that the AOL-Time Warner deal hasn't
caused him to retreat from his prediction. He said MSN has rebounded to about
two million subscribers; AOL claims more than 20 million.

Adding access subscribers is only part of Microsoft's new strategy. The company
is seeking to offer a menu of Internet services, such as instant messaging,
credit-card processing and on-line bill payment, that other Web operators can
feature on their own sites. Microsoft is increasingly making such services
available for cell phones and other wireless devices as well.

Mr. Mehdi said Microsoft will exploit AOL's weaknesses as a technology supplier.
He said Microsoft is confident its newly revamped shopping and search
capabilities are superior to AOL's offerings. He said Microsoft's WebTV service,
which provides Internet access over TVs, will soon offer features that are not
available on the AOL TV service recently demonstrated at the Consumer
Electronics Show in Las Vegas, such as the ability to know when friends are also
watching the same show.

But potential partners have proven wary of giving Microsoft too much control
over technology standards in the emerging broadband and digital-TV markets. Thus
Microsoft's ability to exploit its advantages may require aggressive moves, such
as AOL's deal with Time Warner, at a time when the company's ability to complete
large acquisitions may be hamstrung by the government's antitrust scrutiny of
its operations.

"It would be very difficult for Microsoft to respond in kind, because of the
controversy they have around them," said Mitchell Kertzman, chief executive
officer of Liberate Technologies, which competes with Microsoft in
interactive-TV software. "It might increase Microsoft's desire to resolve those
issues so they could know for sure what the future looks like."

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to NAGRAVISION S.A. on February 7, 2017 titled as
"Method to mark and exploit at least one sequence record of a video
presentation"

LENGTH: 216 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,564,176 on February 7, 2017, to NAGRAVISION S.A. titled as "Method to mark and
exploit at least one sequence record of a video presentation"

Inventors: Oddou; Christophe (Joinville le Pont, FR), Dagaeff; Thierry (L'Isle,
CH), Abdeljaoued; Yousri (Ecublens, CH), Horisberger; Benoit (Echichens, CH),
Turini; Nicola (Ardon, CH), Rossier; Jean (Aubonne,
Assignee: NAGRAVISION S.A. (Cheseaux-sur-Lausanne, CH)



According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present invention proposes a method to mark and exploit at least one sequence
record of a video presentation played on a multimedia unit, said method
comprising the steps of: during the video presentation, receiving a command from
a user to mark a currently displayed video sequence, said command initiating the
step of: creating a sequence record comprising a time index or frame index,
allowing to locate the proper part of the video presentation, and a reference of
the video presentation. At a later stage, requesting the edition of the sequence
record by: adding textual information which corresponds to the actual sequence,
and storing the sequence record."

The patent was filed on February 25, 2016 Application No. 15/053,895


LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             May 19, 2011 Thursday

PlayStation Network revival hits a snag

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 370 words


Sony's efforts to revive its PlayStation Network (PSN) have stumbled after the
firm discovered a flaw hackers could exploit when it came to resetting
passwords.

Sony temporarily disabled PSN and its Qriocity music streaming password reset
pages to fix a vulnerability in a system that was just regaining its footing
after a cyber attack that resulted in it being shut down for weeks.

"We temporarily took down the PSN and Qriocity password reset page,&#34; Sony
spokesman Patrick Seybold said in an update posted at the PlayStation blog.

"Contrary to some reports, there was no hack involved,&#34; he explained.
&#34;In the process of resetting of passwords there was a URL exploit that we
have subsequently fixed."

Details of the exploit were not disclosed, but a door open had reportedly been
left ajar for hackers to change a user's password if they knew the email address
and birth date associated with an account.

"Consumers who haven't reset their passwords for PSN are still encouraged to do
so directly on their PS3,&#34; Seybold said. &#34;Otherwise, they can continue
to do so via the website as soon as we bring that site back up."

PSN connects PlayStation 3 (PS3) consoles to online games, films and more.

Sony on Sunday began a &#34;phased restoration&#34; of network services that
came under hacker attacks in one of the biggest data breaches since the advent
of the internet.

Cyber thieves stole personal data that included names, passwords and addresses
from more than 100 million accounts on PSN and Sony Online Entertainment
services.

Sony has said it cannot rule out that millions of credit card numbers may have
been compromised.

Sony shut down the PSN and Qriocity on April 20 after its data centre in San
Diego was hacked &#45; but it did not reveal the breach until April 26.

The entertainment and electronics giant began restoring the services on Sunday
and promised that defences had been hardened.

The Japanese multinational estimated that the cyber attack cost the firm $1
billion.

Sony chief Howard Stringer, speaking for the first time on the crisis Tuesday,
said protecting private information was a &#34;never&#45;ending process&#34; and
he did not know if anyone could be &#34;100 per cent secure."

- AFP

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 18, 2016 Monday

Arizona: U.S. Reps. McSally, Sanchez Introduce Legislation to Improve
Trafficking Prevention

LENGTH: 628  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Phoenix: Office of the House of Representative Mcsally has issued the following
news release:



  U.S. Representatives Martha McSally (R-AZ) and Loretta Sanchez (D-CA) today
introduced bipartisan legislation to enhance trafficking prevention efforts at
the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). The DHS Human Trafficking Prevention
Act takes action to address serious gaps in information gathering and sharing
processes at DHS, highlighted in a recent Office of Inspector General (OIG)
Report. The report found that known traffickers have used American visa programs
to bring victims into the U.S.





 "Reports that criminals are taking advantage of our own programs to traffic and
exploit their victims are sickening," said Rep. McSally. "These are not simply
oversights. These are failures of the highest degree that resulted in innocent
people being forced into sexual and other forms of slavery. Our agencies have to
do better to close these gaps, and this bill will require DHS step up its game
and improve the way it acquires and shares information to stop traffickers
looking to exploit our systems."



 "Human trafficking is a pervasive human rights crisis and atrocious crime that
is often committed right under our noses. Up to 17,500 people are trafficked
into the U.S. each year," said Rep. Sanchez, a member of the Congressional
Caucus on Human Trafficking. "Far too many victims are slipping through the
cracks and this bill will renew our commitment to combat human trafficking. It
is our responsibility as members of Congress to do whatever it takes to stop the
illegal and immoral smuggling of innocent people and children, into the U.S. We
must take the necessary steps to end this scourge of modern day slavery."



 Among the findings contained in the OIG's report, which was released on January
11, 2016, were:



     Information systems and processes used by both ICE and USCIS to collect
data on human traffickers were unreliable and incomplete;

     ICE's information collection system provided widely varying and incomplete
data to investigators;

     And USCIS did not always collect the names and other identifying
information about human traffickers provided in their victims' visa
applications.



 Because of these gaps, auditors determined:



     Between 2005 and 2014, 17 of 32 known traffickers used visa programs to
bring in victims who were exploited for either forced labor or prostitution;

     And 274 suspected traffickers successfully petitioned Federal officials to
bring 425 family members or fiancés into the United States.



 The DHS Human Trafficking Prevention Acts seeks to close these gaps by
requiring DHS to issue Department-wide guidance for identifying and recording
the names and other information of known or convicted traffickers as well as
practices for enhanced collaboration and sharing of this information. The bill
also requires that information technology systems used to record and track
information on traffickers are integrated. Lastly, the bill directs the
Inspector General to review changes in DHS's processes within 18 months of
enactment.



 Rep. McSally has placed a strong focus on efforts to combat trafficking. During
her first month in office, she held a roundtable with local elected officials,
members of law enforcement, and non-profit leaders on ways the community can
work together to stop trafficking in Southern Arizona. Last February, she joined
Pima County Supervisor Ally Miller to declare Pima County a "Zero Tolerance
Human Trafficking Zone." She also has spoken on the House floor in support of
legislation signed into law to punish offenders who facilitate trafficking of
victims online.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                             August 27, 2000 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

The wild west town where Jesse James will never die

BYLINE: Amy Shafer

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. 98

LENGTH: 601 words


Amy Shafer explores the birthplace of one of the most famous outlaws of the wild
west.

TOWNS where a notorious criminal lived usually don't want to be remembered for
the connection.

Residents generally don't like thousands of people making pilgrimages to visit
the birthplace of a brutal killer.

Likewise, for decades the people of Kearney in north-west Missouri detested the
town's connection to Jesse James, the 19th-century outlaw born and raised here.
And some residents of St Joseph would have preferred if people remembered their
city as the place where the Pony Express began, not where James died.

After all, James killed at least 17 people and robbed untold numbers of banks,
trains and stagecoaches. His 15-year crime spree earned Missouri the nickname
"The Outlaw State" when lawmen failed to capture him.

Yet people are drawn to this gun-toting, dapper-dressing outlaw and his exploits
with his brother Frank and their gang.

In The American Songbag, poet Carl Sandburg wrote: "Jesse James is the only
American bandit who is classical, who is to this country what Robin Hood or Dick
Turpin is to England, whose exploits are so close to the mythical and
apocryphal."

Today, people from afar visit the farm where Jesse and Frank grew up, and the
house in St Joseph where Jesse was allegedly shot dead on April 3, 1882.

Perhaps the ultimate James-related experience is to stroll through the house at
the Jesse James Farm and Museum, breathing the stale, damp air; walking through
the dim rooms and across the floors where Jesse James would have played as a
child; eyeing the bed where he was born on September 5, 1847.

James's mother and his brother began offering paid tours of the farm shortly
after Jesse's death. Later, Frank's son, Robert Franklin, kept the house fairly
intact, but by the time Clay County bought the farm in 1978, it was in
disrepair.

The county restored the house and today it looks much as it would have more than
a century ago.

"It's just like you would expect their mother to be walking through the door,"
says film-maker Ron Casteel, who has made documentaries about Jesse James and
Confederate guerillas during the Civil War. "It's one of the best-preserved and
restored historical sites that's available most anywhere in the US."

A few metres from the house is the grave where Jesse James first was buried to
discourage grave robbers. In 1902, some remains were reburied next to his wife
in Mount Olivet Cemetery, also in Kearney.

Guided tours of the house leave every half-hour from the nearby visitors'
centre, itself a mini museum with artefacts and mementoes, including family
photographs, Jesse James's last pair of boots, his last cartridge belt and
bridle, and the feather duster he was supposedly holding when he was killed. A
short film offers a quick introduction to the James brothers and their gang.

Each year about 18,000 people visit the farm in the suburban Kansas City town,
and huge annual festivals lure James enthusiasts from across the country.

In nearby Liberty is the first bank the gang robbed, though Jesse James probably
was not there. The bank's vault appears as it did in 1866, when the men
apparently committed the first successful peacetime daylight robbery in US
history.

Another 25,000 people pass through the Jesse James Home about 55km away in St
Joseph, where fellow gang member Robert Ford "that dirty little coward", as the
ballad says shot James in the back for the reward money.

On the net:

Liberty: http://libertymo.com

Kearney: http://kearneymo.com

St Joseph:http://www.ci.st-joseph.mo.us/

Friends of the Jesse James Farm: http://www.jessejames.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THREE ILLUS: MEMORIES: The farmhouse in Kearney, Missouri, where Jesse
James (inset) was born. Pictures: AP. DIED WITH HIS BOOTS ON: James memorabilia.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2000 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   InfoWorld

                                January 11, 1999

HTML security hole in Excel can invade PCs

By Matthew Nelson and Bob Trott

SECTION: NETWORKING & TELECOM; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 435 words

A security hole in the Excel spreadsheet program that had been described
 by Microsoft as a theoretical possibility last December has come to fruition

 and the software giant has not offered a complete fix to the problem,
 according to security company Finjan.

 On Dec. 10, 1998, Microsoft issued a patch for a potential security hole, or

 exploit, that uses the Call function of Microsoft's Excel 97 application.

 Now Finjan is warning that the security hole has emerged, and has identified

 it as a combination of HTML and the Call feature.  Finjan is calling it the
 "Russian New Year exploit."

 A hacker, using malicious mobile code, could use the exploit to request that

 Excel copy information from a PC or install code, such as BackOrifice,
 according to Finjan officials.

 "This Call function has the ability to call DLL or native code," said Penny
 Leavy, vice president of worldwide marketing and business development at
 Finjan.  "All you have to have is Excel 95 or 97 installed on your machine;
 it does not have to be running."

 "[Finjan is] describing a scenario that's consistent with what we described
 in December, and I'm not sure why they're promoting it as something new,"
 said John Duncan, Microsoft Office product manager.

 "This issue is nothing new, and it is not different in any way from other
 potential situations that a malicious hacker could engage in.  I'm not sure
 how it helps customers to be alarmist," Duncan added.

 Microsoft has made a fix available for the Call aspect of the attack at
 officeupdate.microsoft.com/downloadDetails/xl97cfp.htm.

 However, Finjan said the patch is available only for Excel 97, not Excel 95.

 The patch is also only for English versions and does not disable the use of
 macros to access Call.

 "We are not anti-Microsoft on this," said Ron Moritz, director of the
 technology office at Finjan.  "[But] they haven't gone all the way in
 addressing this."

 Both companies state that a short-term fix is to disable the Call feature in

 Excel.

 Finjan Software Inc., in San Jose, Calif., can be reached at www.finjan.com.

 Microsoft Corp., in Redmond, Wash., can be reached at www.microsoft.com.

 * The Russian New Year exploit originated in Russia and was discovered close

 to the New Year.



LOAD-DATE: January 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 InfoWorld Media Group


                              388 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 7, 2016 Thursday

Former Chief Of Mount Pleasant Police Department Sentenced In White Plains
Federal Court For Possession Of Child Pornography

LENGTH: 509  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Southern District of New York has issued
the following news release:



   Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, announced that BRIAN FANELLI, the former Chief of the Mount Pleasant, New
York, Police Department, was sentenced to 18 months in prison for possession of
child pornography.  Fanelli pled guilty in July 2015 to one count of possession
of child pornography before United States District Judge Kenneth M. Karas, who
also imposed today's sentence.





 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara stated:  "Brian Fanelli, a former police
chief who swore to protect and serve, instead helped fuel a market that
victimizes and exploits some of the most vulnerable in our community.  As
today's sentencing demonstrates, we will be vigilant in investigating and
prosecuting those who sexually exploit children."



 According to materials submitted in connection with today's sentencing:



 From at least as early as October 2013, through January 2014, FANELLI used a
Peer-to-Peer File Sharing Program ("P2P Network") to download more than 120
files containing images and videos believed to be child pornography, many of
which contained depictions of graphic sexual abuse of young, pre-pubescent
victims.  During the course of FANELLI's criminal conduct, in addition to
serving as police chief, FANELLI taught classes to children about sexual abuse
awareness.  Certain of the files downloaded by FANELLI were made available to
other P2P Network users through FANELLI's computer's shared folder on the P2P
Network program.  On three occasions, agents with the Department of Homeland
Security, Homeland Security Investigations ("HSI"), acting in an undercover
capacity, used the P2P Network to download from FANELLI's computer files
containing images and videos believed to contain child pornography.



 *                      *                      *



 In addition to a prison term, Judge Karas sentenced FANELLI, 56, of Mahopac,
New York, to five years of supervised release.  He was ordered to forfeit his
computer and hard drives, which were used to commit the offense, to the United
States, and to pay a $100 special assessment fee.



 Mr. Bharara praised the outstanding investigative work of the Department of
Homeland Security.



 HSI encourages the public to report suspected child predators and any
suspicious activity through its toll-free hotline at 1-866-DHS-2ICE.
Investigators staff this hotline around the clock. Suspected child sexual
exploitation or missing children may also be reported to the National Center for
Missing and Exploited Children, an Operation Predator partner, at 1-800-843-5678
or http://www.cybertipline.com [external link].



 The prosecution is being overseen by the Office's White Plains Division and the
Public Corruption Unit.  Assistant United States Attorneys Anden F. Chow and
Andrew D. Goldstein are in charge of the prosecution.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              July 8, 2007 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Western Forum

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. E-06

LENGTH: 871 words


Health care in the U.S. Re: "Health care reform Rx," July 1 Perspective article.

Claire Levy claims that health care is a "basic right." But how can there be a
"right" to heath care if it requires the use of force to exploit other people
(taxpayers) to pay for it? Libertarians say that actual rights, such as the
right to free speech, do not depend upon using force to exploit anyone for the
fulfillment of that right.

Instead of a right to health care, there is a right to pursue health care - free
from government interference. Health care decisions should be between one's
doctor of choice and the patient. Taxes should be much lower so that one can
afford the health care of one's choice, and one can afford to voluntarily
contribute to private charities for the health care of the indigent.

Ms. Levy describes a host of problems with the current system, which are
undoubtedly true. However, she misses the fact that the root cause of those
problems is government interference in the health care marketplace. The only
legitimate role for government is to protect people from force and fraud.

Chuck Wright, Westminster

...

Kudos to Claire Levy and the Blue Ribbon Commission for their work to reform
heath care in Colorado. Taking greater responsibility for our own health has to
be a major part of the package. The system is surely broken, but if many of us
look in the mirror we will see the biggest culprit in escalating health care
needs and costs. We eat and smoke too much and exercise too little. A large
chunk of our health care dollars go to treating diseases that can be prevented.
I hope the panel includes some incentives to encourage individuals to lead
healthier lifestyles.

Don Breece, Buena Vista

Rep. Claire Levy got it right for the most part. She skillfully delineated the
many breakdowns of our current health care system. She could have mentioned the
100,000 deaths per year that result from medical errors that never make the
front page. Whatever reform measures are adopted by the Colorado legislature,
the Colorado Regional Healthcare Information Organization (CORHIO) should be put
on the front burner. CORHIO can provide a cost-effective means to accelerate
transparency of health care disparities so as to focus effective corrective
action. At the same time, it would facilitate electronic health records for
individuals and enable electronic prescribing for all physicians.

True reform will not happen unless we jettison the insurance industry for a
single-payer risk pool (with private providers, of course) and delink insurance
from employment. Anything else is just one more program on top of our house of
cards.

George Swan, Denver

...

Our country's privatized health care system, run by health insurance companies
and pharmaceutical corporations, is not serving the interests of those who seek
quality care. Aside from excluding the oft-quoted figure of 47 million Americans
who are currently without health insurance, untold millions more are
underinsured, or struggling financially to afford the nominal coverage they
possess. Medical bills and expenses are now the leading cause of bankruptcy in
the U.S. The right to access health care ought to be a fundamental guarantee,
particularly in a nation that possesses as much wealth as ours. The fundamental
rights granted to citizens can be enjoyed only if one is healthy and of sound
body and mind. To deny each individual in our country access to health care, for
the primary benefit and profit of the bottom line of insurance companies, is
unconscionable.

The only viable option is to completely eliminate health insurance companies and
to extend to every citizen universal, single-payer, not-for-profit health care.
Health care is not a privilege; it is a human right.

Shannon McNamara, Denver

...

"The bureaucrats are coming, the bureaucrats are coming," I cried out after
reading your columns on health care. All the writers have legitimate concerns
about the problems with health care. All erroneously blame the free market. All
advocate socialized medicine. Dr. Pius Kamau says, "How long can we go on ...
without thinking of our overall responsibility to every American" for the health
care he's often not compensated for.

Gabriel Kaplan says that "regulation and government involvement are the most
effective and efficient means" of fixing the health care system; yet the very
problems he describes are a direct result of government dominance in the health
care system.

Rep. Claire Levy blames problems such as the huge cost of "insurance company
overhead" on "employer-based health insurance" and says we should "spend
according to a comprehensive plan" - presumably one of those 208 Commission
proposals that recommend increased governmental control of the health care
marketplace.

Health care is most definitely not a right. A right is not forcing citizens to
pay for goods and services enjoyed by someone else. A right is not a mortgage on
the life of a physician. Only a free market honors the rights of the consumer
and the provider.

Socialized medicine is immoral, it is impractical, and health care will
deteriorate if the government completes its takeover of the health care system.

Gina Liggett, RN, Denver

----------------------------------------

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

Ultan Dillane hoping to banish another curse in Chicago

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 528 words


Ireland get their chance to avenge 111 years of hurt at New Zealand s hands this
Saturday at Soldier Field, home of the Chicago Bears NFL team, by which time the
Cubs  fate will be known, the ill-fated baseball team going into last night s
World Series game six at the Cleveland Indians needing to tie the best of seven
contest at 3-3 to force a decider tonight.

There s no escaping the expectation and second row Dillane has been drinking it
in as he strolls around Chicago, thoughts of a second piece of sporting history
not far from his own mind as Cubs fans dream of theirs.

It would be cool, wouldn t it? The city is really excited. We went for a stroll
this morning. There is some serious support.  Ireland will have some serious
support of their own when their exiled supporters converge on Soldier Field from
all corners of north America and they will watch a team Dillane says is not
short on the belief that create that milestone for Irish rugby.

There is evident quality but they are only human at the end of the day,  he
said.  They do have weaknesses. We are looking to exploit them. They have 18
wins in a row and clearly have been hyped up as favourites and all that. But
there is a lot of pressure on them to maintain that streak. Us going in as
underdogs, we see that as an opportunity to upset them. We hope to create a bit
of history.

The belief has been there for a while. I don t want to dwell on previous games
but three years ago we almost upset them at home. That is only a taste of what
is to come. We don t think about games from long ago. We think about how the
team is now, not how things panned out in games from years ago. We don t think
they are invincible. They do have weaknesses. We will try and exploit those.

Things are coming together nicely for the Tralee-born forward, who stayed loyal
to Connacht despite interest from his home province by signing a new two-year
contract.

I wasn t feeling I was going to leave anyway. So yeah, it is nice for me and for
my family to have that out of the way and definitely focus on that for the next
few years, and hopefully building on what we ve done with Connacht, and more
silverware would be fantastic.

Playing for Munster, he said, was not on his radar. Certainly not at this stage
of his career.  No, to be honest I don t think so because Connacht gave me all
the opportunities I ever had and it s no disrespect to Munster at all, but
Connacht were definitely there for me.

And through the relative success I might have had the last few years, it would
have been a shame to turn my back on them that quickly and go back, I don t
think it s a good sign of character anyway.

But it was never my intention and I m definitely so happy I ve made an
incredible group of friends and there are good coaches as well down there, so it
wasn t a tough decision.

Not that he has ruled out his home province, Dillane adding;  It s down the line
but that s very far, and again it s not something I d be thinking about at all,
at all.

I m really happy where I am and yeah, I m really excited for what we re doing
and what we ll hope to achieve again. So it s definitely something that s not on
my mind at all.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            January 30, 2015 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

A DEVIL OF A TIME WINNING IN NEW JERSEY

BYLINE: Dave Molinari, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: SPORTS; PENGUINS; Pg. F-1

LENGTH: 613 words


NEWARK, N.J. -- There are louder, more hostile buildings in the NHL.

Quite a few.

But there is no venue where the Penguins have had less success -- and more
frustration -- in recent seasons than Prudential Center, where they will face
New Jersey tonight.

The Devils have won their past five home games against the Penguins and are 14-3
against them at the Prudential Center since 2008-09. Those totals include a 3-1
Devils victory Dec. 29.

Never mind that the Penguins have finished with a better record than New Jersey
in each of the past four seasons and are 18 points ahead of the Devils at the
moment.

Or even that the Devils have been a mediocre team at home in recent years and
are tied with Edmonton for the fewest home-ice victories in the league this
season with an 8-7-6 record at Prudential Center.

While the Penguins are keenly aware of their struggles at Prudential Center --
"It seems like we have such a hard time," goalie Marc-Andre Fleury said -- left
winger Chris Kunitz insists the lack of success in Newark is "definitely not" in
their heads when they prepare to play here.

"Maybe it gets brought up in media or something and that reminds you of it, but
I wouldn't know specifically what the numbers are or how we fare or how many
goals we've given up or anything like that," he said.

Because the Penguins' problems with New Jersey do not extend beyond the Newark
city limits -- they are 10-2 against the Devils in their past 12 meetings in
Pittsburgh -- the Devils clearly have a home-ice advantage they're able to
exploit.

Not necessarily because of the boisterous fans or structural quirks, like the
hyper-lively boards at Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, they can exploit, but because
the Devils get the final say on personnel matchups.

"They match up well, so having that last change is something important to their
team," Kunitz said.

While the Penguins obviously can't dictate which players New Jersey puts on the
ice at a given time, there are other factors over which they should have some
control.

Like the way they react to a defense-oriented style, which is designed to
frustrate opponents into making mistakes New Jersey can convert into scoring
chances.

"You have to stay patient with them," right winger Steve Downie said. "They try
to put you to sleep. They play that trap-kind of game that puts the opposing
team to sleep."

Or, in the case of the Penguins, into something more like a coma.

What's more, the Devils frequently score the first goal of the game, which
allows them to compound the Penguins' exasperation by adopting an even more
stifling defensive posture.

"With the way they play and are able to play defense and still get a good
forecheck, if they get a lead, they play a different style, which can frustrate
teams," defenseman Paul Martin said.

That's a storyline -- and, almost inevitably, an ending -- the Penguins have
come to know all too well, even if they aren't convinced the outcome of most
games at Prudential Center accurately reflects the relative strengths of the
teams.

"As a group, if you believe you have a better team -- and obviously, we have a
better record than they do -- you know you're capable of playing a good game and
beating [them]," Martin said.

A perfectly logical conclusion, even if it hasn't played out that way in Newark
very often. But with a 1-3-2 record in their past six games overall, the
Penguins realize this would be a good time to figure out how to escape
Prudential Center with more than just sweat-soaked equipment.

"It's getting a little ridiculous," Fleury said. "We have to find a way." TODAY

* Game: Penguins vs. New Jersey Devils.

* When: 7:08 p.m.

* Where: Prudential Center, Newark, N.J.

* TV: Root Sports.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Dave Molinari: Dmolinari@Post-Gazette.com and Twitter @MolinariPG. /

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Julio Cortez/Associated Press : Devils goalie Cory Schneider
makes a save Wednesday in Newark, N.J. The Devils have won their past five home
games against the Penguins and will try for their sixth in a row today.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              392 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                          Exploit Prevention Labs Inc

                                  P.O. Box 755
                            New Kingstown,  PA 17072
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.explabs.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 74

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Founded by information security veterans Bob Bales and Roger Thompson in
2005, Exploit Prevention Labs developed the LinkScanner family of safe surfing
software and services. LinkScanner Pro, LinkScanner Lite and LinkScanner Online
provide patent-pending protection against malicious web sites and web-based
exploits during the critical risk window between the announcement of security
vulnerability and the provision of a patch by the vendor. A Software Development
Kit (SDK) is also available to enable third party vendors to incorporate Exploit
Prevention Labs' technology in their own applications and services.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 17,500,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              393 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                           January 1, 1992 Wednesday

PAIR TO CASH IN ON OVERSEAS EXPLOITS

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: LOMAS G

LENGTH: 446 words


Pair to cash in on overseas exploits By GORDON LOMAS THEY are world champions,
dare-devils and fledgling multi-national business people, but inexplicably, most
Queenslanders are oblivious to their outstanding achievements which have spanned
more than a decade. Brisbane's water ski-ing husband and wife team of Mick and
Karen Neville could amble into a bar in the bush and not cause the slightest
reaction, yet a stroll down a street in Miami, Florida, would see them instantly
recognised. Incredible, considering Australia drowns itself in watersport
activity and the Nevilles' exploits have been phenomenal on a national and
overseas level. Karen, 29, won her second overall world championship in Austria
in September; Mick, also 29, finished fourth in the overall, which comprises
slalom, tricks and jumps. Her first title was in France in 1985, the year she
was named Queensland sportswoman of the year. It capped a great year for Karen,
who won nearly every major event in Australia and overseas. The duo are so well
known in the US they have decided to expand their Australia-wide ski accessories
business, Masterline, internationally. ""We are getting it off the ground in
Florida and hope it goes well enough to expand around the States," Karen said
from Honolulu, where the pair are spending a fortnight's break. ""The business
has gone extremely well in Australia but we figure it's worth the risk branching
out to the US because we're bigger as sports identities here than back home."
Karen turned her back on a high school teaching career to pursue her life-long
passion in the dangerous but exhilarating sport of water ski-ing. She has
achieved every goal the sport has to offer around the globe, but will still
strive relentlessly for a third world title in 1993. ""I'm setting my sights on
1993 but there's a lot that can happen between now and then. Mick and I are
coming home in late January and we will compete in the major Australian events,
including the Moomba Masters in March," she said. The pair will return to the US
at Easter for the tough circuit before heading to Europe. Apart from Karen and
Mick, cousin Bruce and his wife Toni also compete, while Karen's father Roy is a
judge. Her mother Val still shudders when she goes to see her compete in
Australia, not surprisingly, as they reach speeds that some people are too
frightened to achieve in cars. ""I go along sometimes, but still can't bare to
watch her. Still, I couldn't wish anything else from her. MANY readers overseas
would not need a caption to tell them they are looking at Karen and Mick Neville
_ unfortunately, the couple are not instantly recognised by fellow Australians.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PIC OF KAREN AND MICK NEVILLE

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              394 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

No GPS, no problem: Next-generation navigation

LENGTH: 702  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



  A team of researchers at the University of California, Riverside has developed
a highly reliable and accurate navigation system that exploits existing
environmental signals such as cellular and Wi-Fi, rather than the Global
Positioning System (GPS). The technology can be used as a standalone alternative
to GPS, or complement current GPS-based systems to enable highly reliable,
consistent, and tamper-proof navigation. The technology could be used to develop
navigation systems that meet the stringent requirements of fully autonomous
vehicles, such as driverless cars and unmanned drones.





 Led by Zak Kassas, assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering
in UCR's Bourns College of Engineering, the team presented its research at the
2016 Institute of Navigation Global Navigation Satellite System Conference (ION
GNSS+), in Portland, Ore., in September. The two studies, "Signals of
Opportunity Aided Inertial Navigation" and "Performance Characterization of
Positioning in LTE Systems," both won best paper presentation awards.



 Most navigation systems in cars and portable electronics use the space-based
Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS), which includes the U.S. system GPS,
Russian system GLONASS, European system Galileo, and Chinese system Beidou. For
precision technologies, such as aerospace and missiles, navigation systems
typically combine GPS with a high-quality on-board Inertial Navigation System
(INS), which delivers a high level of short-term accuracy but eventually drifts
when it loses touch with external signals.



 Despite advances in this technology, current GPS/INS systems will not meet the
demands of future autonomous vehicles for several reasons: First, GPS signals
alone are extremely weak and unusable in certain environments like deep canyons;
second, GPS signals are susceptible to intentional and unintentional jamming and
interference; and third, civilian GPS signals are unencrypted, unauthenticated,
and specified in publicly available documents, making them spoofable (i.e.,
hackable).



 Current trends in autonomous vehicle navigation systems therefore rely not only
on GPS/INS, but a suite of other sensor-based technologies such as cameras,
lasers, and sonar.



 "By adding more and more sensors, researchers are throwing 'everything but the
kitchen sink' to prepare autonomous vehicle navigation systems for the
inevitable scenario that GPS signals become unavailable. We took a different
approach, which is to exploit signals that are already out there in the
environment," Kassas said.



 Instead of adding more internal sensors, Kassas and his team in UCR's
Autonomous Systems Perception, Intelligence, and Navigation (ASPIN) Laboratory
have been developing autonomous vehicles that could tap into the hundreds of
signals around us at any point in time, like cellular, radio, television, Wi-Fi,
and other satellite signals.



 In the research presented at the ION GNSS+ Conference, Kassas' team showcased
ongoing research that exploits these existing communications signals, called
"signals of opportunity (SOP)" for navigation. The system can be used by itself,
or, more likely, to supplement INS data in the event that GPS fails. The team's
end-to-end research approach includes theoretical analysis of SOPs in the
environment, building specialized software-defined radios (SDRs) that will
extract relevant timing and positioning information from SOPs, developing
practical navigation algorithms, and finally testing the system on ground
vehicles and unmanned drones.



 "Autonomous vehicles will inevitably result in a socio-cultural revolution. My
team is addressing the challenges associated with realizing practical,
cost-effective, and trustworthy autonomous vehicles. Our overarching goal is to
get these vehicles to operate with no human-in-the loop for prolonged periods of
time, performing missions such as search, rescue, surveillance, mapping,
farming, firefighting, package delivery, and transportation," Kassas said.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

No GPS, no problem: Next-generation navigation

LENGTH: 702  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



  A team of researchers at the University of California, Riverside has developed
a highly reliable and accurate navigation system that exploits existing
environmental signals such as cellular and Wi-Fi, rather than the Global
Positioning System (GPS). The technology can be used as a standalone alternative
to GPS, or complement current GPS-based systems to enable highly reliable,
consistent, and tamper-proof navigation. The technology could be used to develop
navigation systems that meet the stringent requirements of fully autonomous
vehicles, such as driverless cars and unmanned drones.





 Led by Zak Kassas, assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering
in UCR's Bourns College of Engineering, the team presented its research at the
2016 Institute of Navigation Global Navigation Satellite System Conference (ION
GNSS+), in Portland, Ore., in September. The two studies, "Signals of
Opportunity Aided Inertial Navigation" and "Performance Characterization of
Positioning in LTE Systems," both won best paper presentation awards.



 Most navigation systems in cars and portable electronics use the space-based
Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS), which includes the U.S. system GPS,
Russian system GLONASS, European system Galileo, and Chinese system Beidou. For
precision technologies, such as aerospace and missiles, navigation systems
typically combine GPS with a high-quality on-board Inertial Navigation System
(INS), which delivers a high level of short-term accuracy but eventually drifts
when it loses touch with external signals.



 Despite advances in this technology, current GPS/INS systems will not meet the
demands of future autonomous vehicles for several reasons: First, GPS signals
alone are extremely weak and unusable in certain environments like deep canyons;
second, GPS signals are susceptible to intentional and unintentional jamming and
interference; and third, civilian GPS signals are unencrypted, unauthenticated,
and specified in publicly available documents, making them spoofable (i.e.,
hackable).



 Current trends in autonomous vehicle navigation systems therefore rely not only
on GPS/INS, but a suite of other sensor-based technologies such as cameras,
lasers, and sonar.



 "By adding more and more sensors, researchers are throwing 'everything but the
kitchen sink' to prepare autonomous vehicle navigation systems for the
inevitable scenario that GPS signals become unavailable. We took a different
approach, which is to exploit signals that are already out there in the
environment," Kassas said.



 Instead of adding more internal sensors, Kassas and his team in UCR's
Autonomous Systems Perception, Intelligence, and Navigation (ASPIN) Laboratory
have been developing autonomous vehicles that could tap into the hundreds of
signals around us at any point in time, like cellular, radio, television, Wi-Fi,
and other satellite signals.



 In the research presented at the ION GNSS+ Conference, Kassas' team showcased
ongoing research that exploits these existing communications signals, called
"signals of opportunity (SOP)" for navigation. The system can be used by itself,
or, more likely, to supplement INS data in the event that GPS fails. The team's
end-to-end research approach includes theoretical analysis of SOPs in the
environment, building specialized software-defined radios (SDRs) that will
extract relevant timing and positioning information from SOPs, developing
practical navigation algorithms, and finally testing the system on ground
vehicles and unmanned drones.



 "Autonomous vehicles will inevitably result in a socio-cultural revolution. My
team is addressing the challenges associated with realizing practical,
cost-effective, and trustworthy autonomous vehicles. Our overarching goal is to
get these vehicles to operate with no human-in-the loop for prolonged periods of
time, performing missions such as search, rescue, surveillance, mapping,
farming, firefighting, package delivery, and transportation," Kassas said.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Retford Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 316  words


RETFORD

MAJESTIC THEATRE

Starman - The David Bowie Story: September 10

Songs from all eras of David Bowie's celebrated career are performed to
perfection in this highly charged show. The finest musicians and singers
combined with an amazing performance from theatre stage star Michael King.
Include big screen audio visual footage plus various costume changes and you
have an awesome show taking the audience on a 'Fantastic Voyage' of Bowie hits.

BAWTRY

Phoenix Theatre

An Evening of Short Plays: September 21 to 24

Featuring The Proposal and The Bear by Anton Chekhov and Gosforth's Fete and
Mother Figure by Alan Ayckbourn

WORKSOP

The Acorn Theatre

Showstoppers 2016: September 14

It's September so it's once again time for another fabulous collection of
musical and dance items from the extremely vibrant and talented local company
Wales Musical Theatre Company

NEWARK

NEWARK PALACE THEATRE

The Singular Exploits of Sherlock Holmes: September 15

The Singular Exploits of Sherlock Holmes features the great detective recounting
highlights of his crime-busting career. It also includes autobiographical
snippets concerning his life and times, the adversaries he faced and mysteries
he has solved.

The show is an affectionate one-man homage to the world's greatest detective.

The show is presented by Don't Go Into The Cellar! Theatre Company, theBritish
Empire's finest practitioners of theatrical Victoriana in a macabre vein!

NOTTINGHAM

THEATRE ROYAL

Faulty Towers - The Dining Experience: Tue 6 - Sun 11 Sep

When the audience become diners in the 'Faulty Towers' restaurant and are served
by Basil, Sybil and Manuel, pretty much anything can happen - especially with
only a third of the show scripted.

ROYAL CONCERT HALL

Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater -  September 30 to October 1

The irresistible dancers of Ailey are back in Nottingham after their sell-out
last visit in 2010 with a dazzling array of offerings.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CONTRIBUTED IMAGE - GETTY IMAGES
Dancers Chalvar Monteiro, Ghrai DeVore and Jamar Roberts with the Alvin Ailey
American Dance Theater perform during a dress rehearsal before the world premier
of " Untitled America: First Movement" by Kyle Abraham at the New York City
Center December 9, 2015. AFP PHOTO / TIMOTHY A. CLARY / AFP / TIMOTHY A. CLARY
(Photo credit should read TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP/Getty Images)
a scene from Anointed, Alvin Ailey Dance Theater

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

Khan to wear 24 carat gold shorts

BYLINE: Our Reporter

LENGTH: 743 words


...against Alexander Amir Khan will be wearing the most outrageously expen­sive
shorts in sporting history tonight but he will be fighting for the priceless yet
simple pleasure of his infant daughter growing up proud of his exploits in the
ring. The garb will be garishly in keeping with the Las Vegas Strip. Genuine 24
carat [...]

...against Alexander

Amir Khan will be wearing the most outrageously expen­sive shorts in sporting
history tonight but he will be fighting for the priceless yet simple pleasure of
his infant daughter growing up proud of his exploits in the ring.

The garb will be garishly in keeping with the Las Vegas Strip. Genuine 24 carat
gold thread woven through a waist band supporting white nappa leather trunks
with crocodile trim. Esti­mated cost - take a deep breath - between £20,000 and
£30,000.

The sentiment will be touching and homely, with Khan saying: 'I want our baby to
be able to say one day that her father was a great champion.

The shorts, which will be un­veiled when he enters the MGM Grand Garden to face
Devon Alexander, are certain to end up on display in a museum or a casino
showcase.

The paternal dream of 'my little girl going to school and her friends saying her
dad was a great boxer' is not yet certain to be fulfilled. That depends on him
defeating Alexander in style and then going on to do the same against one of two
active icons, Floyd Mayweather or Manny Pacquiao.

Khan admits that when, hope­fully, tiny Lamaisa's day comes 'I will already be
retired.'

As it happens, he passed his previously declared date for hanging up the gloves
when he reached his 28th birthday this Monday.'

But now he says: 'I feel better today than when I was 26. Phys­ically and
mentally. Healthier and stronger. Still coming to my peak.'

His recently taken wife Faryal and their first-born child provide added
motivation to box on: 'Everything I do from here is for them.'

Part of Khan's charm is that he is something of a paradox, without knowing it.

He compares what he regards as a moderate life-style with the lavish excesses of
Mayweather in this, his home town, saying: 'Floyd has to earn big because he
spends so much. I don't splash out on things like he does. I don't need to make
billions, just enough to keep my family and give my daughter an educa­tion. I'm
not a big spender.'

Yet he has a liking for fast cars...and then there are those golden trunks.

The shorts may be supplied as a promotional tool for a com­pany called Fight
Label but they do not indicate restraint.

Yet he is understated in his re­buttal of claims by master trainer Freddie Roach
that Pacquiao used to deck him in the gym when they trained together.

Khan says: 'No way Manny outclassed me in sparring. Per­haps I should send
Freddie some videos to remind him of that. But I don't want to get into an
argument about whether Manny knocked me down.

'Perhaps Freddie said it because he was hurt that I left him for Virgil Hunter -
who everyone says is making me a better fighter - but I want there to be respect
when I meet him and Manny somewhere down the road.'

The Bolton boy is growing up, yet there is still something of the teenager in
him when he gets wide-eyed at seeing his name up in huge lights on the Strip and
as excited as a schoolboy at the prospect of topping the bill at the MGM for the
first time.

He has made that possible by relocating his fights to the other side of the
Atlantic and building a fan base in America. He says: 'I hope this will
encourage young British fighters to take that risk. I could have earned more in
England and there is a risk that you get beat and you come home to find the
millions are no longer there.

'But if you want global recognition you have to fight in America.'

Khan recalled that Prince Naseem Hamed blazed that trail and is now to be
installed in the boxing Hall of Fame, even though he lost over here his biggest
fight to Marco Antonio Barrera.

He says: 'Naz made his name in the US. That's one reason why I sent him a
message con­gratulating him on the honour.'

Apparently, Khan Is the only current British ring star to have taken that
trouble and he doubts he will hear from many, if any, if he lands his
super-fight with Mayweather - and then becomes the first to beat him.

Yet he says: 'I won't be bitter if that's the case. It will prob­ably just be
jealousy.'

If he does overthrow the pound-for-pound king he will probably be right. As
would his daughter when telling everyone that her dad was the greatest.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2014 The Sun Publishing Limited
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                               November 07, 2005

Cisco discloses three security issues

BYLINE: Phil Hochmuth

SECTION: 1-20; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 652 words


Cisco last week issued three security advisories warning of potential
vulnerabilities in some IOS-based products and wireless

LAN gear.

The most critical IOS hole, tied to exploits revealed during a controversial IOS
hacking presentation made at this summer's

Black Hat USA Conference, could result in "remote-code execution" - or attackers
using a Cisco router to run whatever programs

or software code they choose.

The wireless-LAN issue involves an integration problem between Cisco access
points and WLAN access point controllers from

Airespace, which Cisco acquired in January. This bug could result in someone
using a Cisco access point to launch attacks

on a secured WLAN.

A third problem involves a communication glitch between IOS routers running
intrusion-prevention system features and security

management software, which could result in malicious traffic slipping into a
network.

All three bugs were found by Cisco's security research team and addressed in
software fixes issued by the company (Links to

advisories and patches).

The IOS flaw has to do with system timers that IOS uses to run certain operating
system tasks. Under certain conditions, attackers

may be able to take control of a router by tricking system timers to run
malicious code, Cisco says.

The IOS glitch was discovered "as a result of continued research related to the
demonstration of the exploit for another vulnerability

which occurred in July 2005 at the Black Hat USA Conference," Cisco's security
advisory states. This exploit was revealed

by former ISS security researcher Michael Lynn, after his employer and Cisco
canceled the presentation at the event. Cisco

obtained a court order preventing Lynn from talking about the flaw.

The flaw in IOS allows routers running IPv6 to be tricked into running outside
code. In the latest related vulnerability,

attackers would need to take advantage of both the earlier IPv6 problem and the
system-timer bug disclosed last week, says

John Noh, a Cisco spokesman. "In order to exploit the issue we're talking about
today, you needed an additional way to attack,"

he said.

The WLAN glitch could affect users deploying Cisco access points that are
controlled by Airespace WLAN controller products.

In such a setup, the Airespace controller would provide security, authentication
and network management control for the access

points, which operate as radios.

The products involved include Cisco 1200, 1131 and 1240 series access points
running Lightweight Access Point Protocol (LWAPP),

and Cisco 2000 and 4400 series Airespace wireless WLAN controllers. An attacker
could use the Airespace-controlled access

points as a springboard for sending malicious traffic into an organization's
secured WLAN. This attack would involve spoofing

the media access controller address of a machine authenticated on a WLAN, so
such an attack would probably involve someone

with access to the corporate network.

Cisco says customers using Airespace controllers to manage Cisco access points
could switch the access points from LWAPP mode

to "autonomous" mode, which would close this vulnerability. In autonomous mode,
access points run IOS or a VxWorks operating

system and act as stand-alone endpoints, which must be configured individually.
Users also can upgrade the software on the

Airespace WLAN controller, which will fix the problem.

The third security notice Cisco issued this week involves IOS-based routers
running intrusion-prevention system (IPS) features,

which are configured via Cisco VPN/Security Management Solution software and
Cisco Management Center for IPS Sensors.

In some cases, IPS signatures could be sent from management software to a
router, but not enabled. This could allow malicious

traffic to pass through the router, even though IPS services appear to be
running normally.

The IDG News Service contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Network World, Inc.


                              399 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                             August 20, 2010 Friday
                                 First Edition

Terror groups could exploit floods misery in Pakistan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 556 words


Islamist terrorists may exploit the chaos and misery caused by the floods in
Pakistan to gain new recruits, according to the country's president.

Asif Ali Zardari's remarks were echoed by US Senator John Kerry, who toured some
of the worst hit areas and visited a relief camp alongside the president.

The news came as the UK Government announced last night that it would double aid
to disaster-hit Pakistan. International Development Secretary Andrew Mitchell
said an extra £33m was being offered on top of the £31.3m already pledged to
help cope with the effects of floods.

Speaking in New York, Mr Mitchell told the UN General Assembly it was
"unacceptable" that the international community had not done more, and urged
other donors to step up their efforts.

The floods have affected 20 million people and about one-fifth of Pakistan's
territory, straining its civilian government as it also struggles against
al-Qaida and Taliban violence.

Aid groups and the United Nations have complained that foreign donors have not
been quick or generous enough given the scale of the disaster.

"All these catastrophes give strength to forces who do not want a state
structure," Zardari said.

"There is a possibility that the negative forces would exploit the situation.
Like they would take the babies who have been made orphans and take them to
their camps and train them as the terrorists of tomorrow."

Zardari's government has been criticised for failing to respond quickly enough,
and Islamist charities -- at least one of which has alleged links to terrorism
-- have been active in the flood-hit areas.

There are also concerns the scale of the suffering could stoke unrest and
political instability that may impact Pakistan's fight against the Taliban.

Kerry said: "None of us want to see this crisis to provide an opportunity for
people who want to exploit the misery of others for political or ideological
purpose."

More than three weeks after the floods first begun, the US, Germany and Saudi
Arabia all announced new pledges of aid, while Japan said it would send
helicopters to help distribute food, water and medicine.

The Asian Development Bank said it would redirect $2bn (£1.3bn) of existing and
planned loans for reconstruction.

"If we don't do it quick, if we don't do it well, what will the Pakistani people
think?" said Juan Miranda, the bank's director general for Central and West
Asia. "We have to put every road and every bridge back into the shape where they
should be."

The United States has deployed 18 army helicopters to hard-hit areas and given
other aid worth $90m (£59m). Kerry said that would increase to $150m (£98m). The
UN children's fund said Pakistan will need international aid for several months
to cope, and relief workers urgently need cash donations, said Daniel Toole
UNICEF's regional director for South Asia.

Toole said parts of the country may remain flooded even after the rain stops and
stagnant water increases the risk of malaria, diarrhoea and cholera. UNICEF
expects to raise its original appeal of $47m (£30m) fivefold to meet the
increased needs, he said.

CAPTION: Left: Pakistani flood survivor children sit on a bed outside their
makeshift tent in Camp Karoon, near Nowshera, Pakistan, while (above) Pakistani
people fight for blankets in Sukkar during an aid distribution drop by the
Pakistani Air Force. AP

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2010 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vaughan Citizen

                            November 14, 2016 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Alexander-Walker courts basketball scholarship offer from Virginia Tech

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 552  words


Nickeil Alexander-Walker recalled his introduction to the game of basketball
occurred when he was just three years old where he shot balls into a Fisher
Price adjustable model net.

In those days, he said, the game was fun.

The 18-year-old, six-foot, five-inch former Vaughan Secondary School student
still possesses that passion.

Only he's more serious in his approach after helping Canada's junior national
team to a silver medal and led them in scoring at the FIBA Americas U18
Championships in Valdivia, Chile in July.

During the summer he also attended the prestigious Steph Curry SC 30 Camp and
was ranked 29th overall as one of the top high school recruits by ESPN.

Alexander-Walker's hoop exploits were rewarded when he signed a letter of intent
to attend Virginia Tech University next fall on a full basketball scholarship
during a press conference in Toronto Thursday.

Honing his craft with the Vaughan Secondary School Voyageurs as a Grade 9 and 10
student, and currently in his second year at Hamilton Heights Christian Academy
in Chattanooga, Tenn. after transferring from a one-year stint at St. Louis
Christian Academy in St. Louis, Mo., Alexander-Walker said the opportunity to
earn a scholarship was a dream come true.

"It's exciting, it's a huge honour," the soft-spoken guard said. "I never would
have thought I'd make it this far," he said.

Saying he also entertained invitations from the University of Southern
California and University of Maryland, Alexander-Walker's decision to accept
Virginia Tech's offer stemmed through his time in playing on the summer circuit
with the Canada Elite program coached by Milliken Mills High School graduate
Shane James.

During that period, Alexander-Walker's exploits were closely monitored by
Virginia Tech assistant coach and Toronto resident Jamie McNeilly.

When it came to making his final decision, Alexander-Walker conceded it wasn't
easy.

But in visiting the Blacksburg, Va.-based school, he felt their coaching staff
could look after his interests on and off the court.

In reflecting on what he's accomplished, Alexander-Walker felt his uncle Vaughan
Alexander played an instrumental role by developing his passion for the game.

Coaching Alexander-Walker for several years with Canada Elite, James can attest
to that.

"He will put everything on the line and he's the hardest working kid I've ever
coached," he noted.

Alexander-Walker said he's also received some positive direction from watching
several of his NBA idols.

Those include: Houston Rockets guard James Harden, Paul George (Indiana Pacers),
LeBron James (Cleveland Cavaliers), Russell Westbrook (Oklahoma City), Steph
Curry (Golden State Warriors) and former Vaughan Secondary School guard Andrew
Wiggins (Minnesota Timberwolves).

"These guys speak volumes and I want to do what they're doing," he said.
"They're teaching me how to do things even though they're all at different
places."

With Wiggins attending Vaughan Secondary School for a brief time,
Alexander-Walker felt he has paved a path for many aspiring Canadian players
like himself to try and make it big in professional basketball.

"I got to watch Andrew (Wiggins) a few times. He's proof that Canadians aren't
soft, nice guys who just play hockey. We can play basketball and play it tough.
He has opened doors for Canadian players," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vaughan Citizen

                            November 11, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Alexander-Walker courts basketball scholarship offer from Virginia Tech

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 552  words


Nickeil Alexander-Walker recalled his introduction to the game of basketball
occurred when he was just three years old where he shot balls into a Fisher
Price adjustable model net.

In those days, he said, the game was fun.

The 18-year-old, six-foot, five-inch former Vaughan Secondary School student
still possesses that passion.

Only he's more serious in his approach after helping Canada's junior national
team to a silver medal and led them in scoring at the FIBA Americas U18
Championships in Valdivia, Chile in July.

During the summer he also attended the prestigious Steph Curry SC 30 Camp and
was ranked 29th overall as one of the top high school recruits by ESPN.

Alexander-Walker's hoop exploits were rewarded when he signed a letter of intent
to attend Virginia Tech University next fall on a full basketball scholarship
during a press conference in Toronto Thursday.

Honing his craft with the Vaughan Secondary School Voyageurs as a Grade 9 and 10
student, and currently in his second year at Hamilton Heights Christian Academy
in Chattanooga, Tenn. after transferring from a one-year stint at St. Louis
Christian Academy in St. Louis, Mo., Alexander-Walker said the opportunity to
earn a scholarship was a dream come true.

"It's exciting, it's a huge honour," the soft-spoken guard said. "I never would
have thought I'd make it this far," he said.

Saying he also entertained invitations from the University of Southern
California and University of Maryland, Alexander-Walker's decision to accept
Virginia Tech's offer stemmed through his time in playing on the summer circuit
with the Canada Elite program coached by Milliken Mills High School graduate
Shane James.

During that period, Alexander-Walker's exploits were closely monitored by
Virginia Tech assistant coach and Toronto resident Jamie McNeilly.

When it came to making his final decision, Alexander-Walker conceded it wasn't
easy.

But in visiting the Blacksburg, Va.-based school, he felt their coaching staff
could look after his interests on and off the court.

In reflecting on what he's accomplished, Alexander-Walker felt his uncle Vaughan
Alexander played an instrumental role by developing his passion for the game.

Coaching Alexander-Walker for several years with Canada Elite, James can attest
to that.

"He will put everything on the line and he's the hardest working kid I've ever
coached," he noted.

Alexander-Walker said he's also received some positive direction from watching
several of his NBA idols.

Those include: Houston Rockets guard James Harden, Paul George (Indiana Pacers),
LeBron James (Cleveland Cavaliers), Russell Westbrook (Oklahoma City), Steph
Curry (Golden State Warriors) and former Vaughan Secondary School guard Andrew
Wiggins (Minnesota Timberwolves).

"These guys speak volumes and I want to do what they're doing," he said.
"They're teaching me how to do things even though they're all at different
places."

With Wiggins attending Vaughan Secondary School for a brief time,
Alexander-Walker felt he has paved a path for many aspiring Canadian players
like himself to try and make it big in professional basketball.

"I got to watch Andrew (Wiggins) a few times. He's proof that Canadians aren't
soft, nice guys who just play hockey. We can play basketball and play it tough.
He has opened doors for Canadian players," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            August 3, 2013 Saturday

Mentalist trains Utah actors in the fear factor

BYLINE: By Leann Burke The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: FRIDAY MIX; Entertainment; Features

LENGTH: 460 words


Halloween is still months away, but the actors at Salt Lake City's Fear Factory
are already getting tips on how to scare your pants off.

The haunted house in the old Portland Cement Works factory recently brought in
anthropologist and stage mentalist Paul Draper for a training.

Draper worked with the actors to help them predict people's fears and target the
most vulnerable individuals. It's a skill Draper uses during his "Mysteries of
the Mind" show at the Venetian Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas.

"My goal is to transition the actors from being self focused to audience
focused," said Draper, a Utah native.

Draper suggested the actors pay attention to the audience instead of the
monsters they are portraying. He said ghouls and ghosts need to observe and see
what scares each individual instead of assuming the costumes will petrify them.

One of the ways to do this is to have the actors in costume scare the masses
while customers are in line. Managers could watch people to see who is afraid of
what, then tell actors inside to target those specific people.

During the workshop, Draper shared anthropological knowledge that can be used to
catch people off guard, such as blind spots in vision, as well as fears that
have been passed down through generations.

"The things we were afraid of on the savannah are the same things we are afraid
of today," he said.

That means loud noises, footsteps and objects that quickly transition from still
to fast.

Besides his Las Vegas show, Draper performs at corporate events around the
country. He mostly uses his mentalist -- or people reading -- skills to teach
hospital staffs to better care for patients and employees at Fortune 500
companies to better understand the needs of their customers.

The Fear Factory's staff is the first group Draper has taught where scaring
others is the goal.

"I'm excited to give a group of actors a new perspective on haunts," said
Draper, who attended Weber State University and studied the Spiritualists in New
Orleans.

Since then, he has appeared as an expert on the History Channel, WB, A&E, HBO,
Hallmark and HGTV and has been featured in numerous publication from Psychology
Today and Glamour Magazine to Becker's Hospitals Review and Disney's Family Fun
Magazine .

Scott Maddix, Fear Factory zone manager, believes Draper's training sessions
will help the actors at the haunted house, which opened in 2012, offer a better
Halloween show.

"You have to pick the best target, the person who's going to be most scared of
the monster you are," Maddix said. "If Paul can help us do that, it will take
our haunt to the next level."

lburke@sltrib.com Alt Heads:

Mentalist trains Utah actors in the fear factor Fear Factory

Where » 666 W. 800 South, Salt Lake City.

Opening night » Friday, Sept. 13

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Anthropologist and stage mentalist Paul Draper performs a magic trick
with Mindy Hardy at an interactive workshop on Tuesday, July 23 for actors at
Utah's newest haunted house, the Fear Factory. Draper taught the actors to sense
people's fears and exploit them in the haunt. The Fear Factory is located at 666
W 800 S in Salt Lake City and its 2013 season opens Friday, September 13.
Anthropologist and stage mentalist Paul Draper performs a magic trick at an
interactive workshop on Tuesday, July 23 for actors at Utah's newest haunted
house, the Fear Factory. Draper taught the actors to sense people's fears and
exploit them in the haunt. The Fear Factory is located at 666 W. 800 South in
Salt Lake City and its 2013 season opens Friday, September 13.
Anthropologist and stage mentalist Paul Draper leads an interactive workshop on
Tuesday, July 23 for actors at Utah's newest haunted house, the Fear Factory.
Draper is a Utah native from Holladay and currently works with hospitals and
Fortune 500 companies, helping them improve customer service. He also performs
his show, "Mysteries of the Mind," in Las Vegas and at seminars around the
country.
Anthropologist and stage mentalist Paul Draper leads an interactive workshop on
Tuesday, July 23 for actors at Utah's newest haunted house, the Fear Factory,
teaching them to recognize and exploit people's fears. The Fear Factory is
located at 666 W. 800 South in Salt Lake City and its 2013 season opens Friday,
September 13.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                           May 25, 1992, Monday, ONT

Prostitute hired as lover has life exposed in movie

BYLINE: (Reuter)

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 733 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


   NEW YORK (Reuter) - The 25-year-old Thai prostitute stares at her image in
the mirror, a look of incredible pain spreading across her face as she talks
about her life.

"I will tell you I hate men. Thai men, men from every foreign country. I know
how they cheat and lie. There are no good men. I have been hurt too much.
Sometimes I think, why are there men in the world. If I had some magic power I
would make them all disappear from the world."

Aoi, the prostitute, has no magic power and her powerlessness born of poverty
and despair is the subject of a searing new documentary that has movie critics
abuzz because to make it, Australian director Dennis O'Rourke hired her to be
his lover and then relentlessly exposed her life.

The film, The Good Woman Of Bangkok, which opened in New York and other cities
this month, lays bare several layers of exploitation, all as old as the human
race.

Men exploit women, rich Westerners exploit poor Asians, Thai exploits Thai and
Aoi's clients, men she has to go with regardless of what they look like or want,
exploit her, as do her parents because she is a prostitute to support them.

The film also shows - deliberately - O'Rourke exploiting Aoi to make his movie.

In one of the most powerful moments, a shaking Aoi says to him, "You are the sky
and I am the ground. I am just rotten garbage. You pulled me out of the garbage
heap only because you wanted to make this film."

Aoi is one of thousands of Thai women who flood Bangkok to escape the poverty of
their villages. She works as a prostitute to support her family and her child
and the money she makes from "tips" goes back to her village.

O'Rourke says she is a victim of an incredible system of corruption that turns a
blind eye to her exploitation.

He also calls his movie a work of documentary fiction, meaning that he has left
some truths out, facts that might paint him in a better light or show Aoi as
something less than the tragic good woman of Bangkok whose plight can move all
but the hardest heart.

But, as he said in a recent interview, to include all that would have
compromised the film's power, its tale of exploitation.

O'Rourke, considered one of Australia's major documentary filmmakers, said he
went to Thailand in 1988 after his marriage broke up with the idea of making a
film about a prostitute's life and had liaisons with several prostitutes as he
searched for the "Miss Right" to make his film.

When he found Aoi, he hired her to be his lover and make his film, living with
her for six months as he filmed her and the Bangkok bar scene.

His 90-minute film has many scenes that stick in the mind - two middle-aged
Europeans escorting an 11-year-old girl to their hotel room, drunken Australian
sailors boasting that what they are doing is helping the Thai economy and Aoi
talking to the camera of how unhappy a hooker she is.

For some critics of the film, O'Rourke is just another of Aoi's exploiters,
using her to make his film, promising to buy her a rice farm if she co-operates,
abandoning her after he gets what he wants.

"If I am such a terrible person consider this - without me, they (his critics)
wouldn't know of Aoi's story. I asked her once why she wanted the film made and
she said, 'I want all the men who have had me to know I was actually thinking."'

In a note at the end of the film, O'Rourke says he gave Aoi the farm and
returned to Bangkok a year later only to find her working in a Thai massage
parlor, saying "This is my fate."

In truth, he bought her the rice farm shortly after he met her. She did return
to prostitution, not because it was her fate but because she wanted to raise
enough money to buy another rice farm.

Also not mentioned in the film is Aoi's lover who becomes enraged at O'Rourke
and threatens to have him killed.

But none of these "facts" change Aoi's plight of being powerless and used.

Of her clients, she says, "I hate them. There is nothing I can do. I have to do
whatever they tell me. I try to prevent them. But it is useless. I have to let
them have their way. Old, ugly filthy and obscene men.

"There is nothing I can do. They are rich and powerful and have paid to get
everything they want. They don't care what the woman is feeling."

Says O'Rourke, "I don't know where she is today. I don't think she is still a
prostitute."Thailand; prostitution; movie

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              404 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             August 23, 2004 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Motion Of The Ocean

BYLINE: KURT LOFT, kloft@tampatrib.com

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 709 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


Using the concentrated, consistent energy of waves, offshore power farms could
one day supply the electrical needs of your home and your community.

By KURT LOFT

kloft@tampatrib.com

TAMPA -- If and when the world's energy supply reaches a critical limit,
renewables will fill more than a niche market.

So say experts developing prototype technologies for tomorrow, methods and
machines to produce electricity from sun, wind and water. Perhaps the most
promising, they say, will come from the sea, where a formidable store of energy
waits to be harnessed.

The public may not see practical applications for decades, but a number of
companies worldwide are staking claim to ocean power. Although the challenges
are daunting, wave energy is clean and unlimited, says Roger Bedard, project
manager with the Offshore Wave Energy Feasibility Demonstration Project. The
program is a part of the Department of Energy and the Electric Power Research
Institute, a nonprofit energy advocacy group in Palo Alto, Calif.

"There are two great things about waves," Bedard says. "The energy is in a
concentrated form because water is a thousand times more dense than air. The
other neat thing is waves are consistent: Wind power only works when there's
wind, and solar when the sun's out. But there are waves all day and all night."

The demonstration project will study "wave farms," as well as power plants to
convert offshore energy into electricity. Officials hope wave energy can be made
practical enough to compete in the marketplace -- the biggest hurdle. But the
environmental advantages won't be a hard sell, says T. J. Glauthier, president
of the Electricity Innovation Institute, a California-based group researching
alternative energies.

"Offshore wave energy is a renewable, nonpolluting electricity resource that is
too important to overlook," he says.

Ocean waves are a concentrated form of solar and wind energy. To capture it,
engineers tap kinetic energy from the motion of the ocean, using at least four
methods of conversion:

Heaving devices to exploit the vertical power of waves

Surging devices to exploit the horizontal power of waves

Over-topping devices that force waves through an opening to drive a turbine

Oscillating devices in which surging water compresses a column of air to drive a
turbine.

A number of companies are testing ocean devices, and most are based on studies
of energy potential. For instance, a floating farm half the size of a football
field -- about 150 feet -- can create enough power to supply the electrical
needs of 600 average homes, according to the Department of Energy.

This figure is based on average annual wave power in the Pacific Northwest: 25
kilowatts per meter of wave crest, combined with a facility operating at 50
percent efficiency. An average wave at 4 feet and lasting 10 seconds puts out
about 35,000 horsepower per mile of coast.

The potential is enormous, and some companies hope to create farms in the
multimegawatt range, says Mary Jane Parks, a spokeswoman for the AquaEnergy
Group in Washington state. AquaEnergy is testing its Makah Bay Project, a
1-megawatt demonstration plant off the coast of Washington.

"The sea is a significant resource," she says. "It's collecting all this solar
energy, and it stores it like a big battery. The energy is there and available
for us to harvest."

Aside from being a power source, Parks says, floating ocean farms pose few
environmental problems. They aren't a threat to marine life, do not produce
carbon dioxide emissions and create no noise issues at the shoreline. Most
systems are submerged and can't be seen from land. All power farm proposals must
go through an environmental impact assessment.

"It's benign technology," she says. "We're putting equipment in the ocean, but
it doesn't require hydraulic fluids or a fuel source."

The sea, however, is an unforgiving place for mechanical structures, and so the
technology's biggest challenge will be cost of upkeep.

"It's expensive to operate in the ocean," Bedard says. "But it's too important a
technology. This is an untapped resource we haven't really explored yet."

Reporter Kurt Loft can be reached at (813) 259-7570.

Copyright © 2004, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: SCIENCE

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 3
Images from Ocean Power Delivery LTD. A tugboat crew checks a surge pontoon,
above, which is part of an ocean power farm that uses waves to create clean and
unlimited amounts of energy. Electric Power Research Institute The Department of
Energy says a wave farm, above, about 150 feet long can create enough energy to
supply the electricity of 600 average homes. Some use submerged heaving devices,
below, to exploit the vertical motion of waves.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2004 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              405 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 28, 2013 Saturday

College breakdown: Murray State (2-2) at Jacksonville State (4-0)

BYLINE: Al Muskewitz, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 549 words


Sept. 28--When: 2 p.m. today

Where: JSU Stadium in Jacksonville

TV: TV24.

Radio: 91.9 FM (Jacksonville), 97.9 FM (Oxford)

Four-down territory

1. Keep the string going: The Gamecocks haven't lost to the Racers since the
first game of the series in 2003. A win today would extend the series winning
streak to 10 games and make it the fifth longest streak against one team in the
history of the program. The game also is JSU's conference opener and it's a
fairly important one because league preseason Nos. 1 and 2, Eastern Kentucky and
Eastern Illinois, also play each other today. The Gamecocks are 8-2 in Ohio
Valley Conference openers.

2. Exploit what you see: The Gamecocks lead the OVC in rushing, while Murray
State is last in the league in total defense and rushing defense. The last time
a team couldn't stop the JSU run, the Gamecocks ran for 523 yards and produced
four 100-yard rushers in the same game. If the Racers open up the passing lanes
to concentrate on the run, the Gamecocks can exploit that, too. In his two best
games to date, Max Shortell has thrown for 216 yards against Alabama State and
263 against Georgia State.

3. Stick a fork in them: Life would be much less harrowing for the Gamecocks if
they could hold onto a lead. They've had double-digit leads in their three
closest wins -- two entering the fourth quarter -- and barely got out with their
skin. They led Alabama State 24-9 after a big third quarter, then had to hold on
after two turnovers deep in their territory led to touchdowns that cut the lead
to two. They led Division II North Alabama 10-0 early and needed double overtime
to win. And last week they led 23-9 entering the fourth quarter before two big
special teams mistakes got Georgia State back in the game. JSU needed overtime
to win.

4. Protect the home field: The Gamecocks are looking for win No. 250 at home
since JSU Stadium opened in 1946. They enter today with a mark of 249-96-8.
Since joining the OVC in 2003, they have the highest home winning percentage
(.782) and most wins (43) in the league. They are 23-4 in their last 27 home
games and have won seven straight. Six of their last eight wins that have been
secured in the final two minutes or overtime have come at home.

Key matchup

Murray State receiver Walter Powell vs. JSU cornerbacks: Powell is a consensus
preseason All-American and Walter Payton Award candidate who is a threat as both
a receiver and a return man. He caught nine passes against Florida State last
year and had more than 300 all-purpose yards and five touchdowns in a win over
Missouri State earlier this season. He hasn't really hurt the Gamecocks as a
receiver during his career, but has broken off some nice returns.

Prediction

The Gamecocks appear to have enough offense to take advantage of Murray State's
defensive shortcomings and get a boost with senior guard Taylor Johnstone's
return from a four-game NCAA absence. The question becomes can they continue
coming up big on defense to hold off the Racers' potentially explosive offense.
The bet here is they should find a way in what promises to be an entertaining
game. ... Jacksonville State 36, Murray State 27.

___ (c)2013 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130928-AO-College-breakdown-Murray-State-2-2-at-Jacksonville-State-4-0-0928-20
130928

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2013 The Anniston Star


                              406 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                               May 2, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Hurricanes rested for big dance

BYLINE: John Down, Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. A66

LENGTH: 312  words

DATELINE: CALGARY


CALGARY -- Momentum can be fleeting, but the Lethbridge Hurricanes will be
looking to stir up another storm when they continue their quest for the Ed
Chynoweth Cup.

It will be of considerable interest to see what kind of game the Hurricanes
bring tonight when they invade the home of the Spokane Chiefs in Game 1 of the
best-of-seven Western Hockey League championship series.

What you have is a team that's been away from the playoff scene since sweeping
aside the Calgary Hitmen 10 days ago for the Eastern Conference title going
against a team that ended the equivalent of a nine-game series (three double
overtimes, two single overtimes) against the Tri-City Americans for the Western
laurels less than three days ago.

So can the Hurricanes, unbeaten in their last eight playoff starts, use that
rest period to exploit a possibly weary foe?

"I don't know if 'exploit' is the right word," said Lethbridge general manager
Roy Stasiuk, in Calgary on Wednesday and Thursday for the WHL awards luncheon
and bantam draft.

"We watched that series and it wasn't a real physical series. It was two
good-skating teams with a lot of flow to it.

"It wasn't bump and grind, it wasn't get dirty in the corners. There was a lot
of speed, a lot of excitement, so I don't know how tired Spokane will be ...
they're kids, they're resilient and we're expecting them to come even harder.

"The adrenalin alone will certainly lift up their game."

The Lethbridge management and coaching staff staggered their players' days off
during the break before bringing them back to a more sustained workload during
their final handful of practices. And while the break certainly helped heal the
wounds of some players not available for the Calgary series, Stasiuk said it
went beyond that.

"Probably the most significant thing was the mental break," he said. "I think
that's really important for kids this age."

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2008 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Jared Fogle, ex-Subway pitchman blames victim's parents

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 714 words


When last we heard of ex-Subway pitchman Jared Fogle in November 2015, he was
being sentenced to 15 years and 8 months in prison for receiving and
distributing hundreds of pornographic images of children.

"Today," U.S. attorney Josh Minkler said at a news conference when Fogle was
charged, "Jared Fogle has been charged and has admitted to participating in a
five-year criminal scheme to exploit children. This is about using wealth,
status, and secrecy to illegally exploit children."

Most of the roughly 500 videos involved in the case were recorded by the man
hired by Fogle to run the Jared Foundation, which described itself as a "child
outreach" organization dedicated to the welfare of children struggling with
obesity. Fogle, whose claim to fame was that he lost 245 pounds eating Subway
fare, fancied himself an expert on that subject.

Some of the children had reason to trust Jared Foundation executive director,
Russell Taylor, as they were relatives of his. The trust was horribly misplaced,
however, as prosecutors said Taylor used a camera hidden in a clock radio to
record them dressing and undressing and then passed some or all of them along to
Fogle. Taylor pleaded guilty in December 2015 and is serving a prison sentence
of 27 years for his crimes.

The videos, reported the Indianapolis Star, "included separate images of three
young girls, between the ages of 11 and 16, in a bathroom. The girls were nude,
the affidavit said. Another video depicted a young boy in the bathroom, also
nude. There were other videos of some of the same children nude in a bedroom."

Three months later, one of the victims, known in court documents only as Jane
Doe, sued Fogle, Taylor and Taylor's wife, Angela, for $150,000 for harm arising
from being secretly taped in the Taylors' home in videos then given to Fogle.

Now Fogle has filed his own complaint against the parents in the U.S. District
Court in Indianapolis. In it, he claims it was they, not he, who inflicted the
damage on the child.

The pair, the now-divorced birth parents of the girl, "maintained a hateful and
abusive relationship toward each other," including fighting, arguing and getting
drunk which "caused Jane Doe to suffer from emotional distress, anxiety, and
major depression."

Fogle alleged in his complaint that the couple's behaviour caused the girl to
engage in "substance abuse, self-mutilation, and suicidal ideation."

In other words, his complaint alleges, the girl's problems were caused not by
his wrongdoing but by theirs.

The filing of a separate lawsuit against the parents appears to be necessary
because in the original lawsuit filed against Fogle by Jane Doe, the parents are
not plaintiffs - meaning Fogle could not allege as part of his defence in the
original suit that the parents are responsible for the girl's problems.

Fogle, as The Post reported at the time he was charged, became a Subway pitchman
in 2000, as the story of his "Subway diet" helped the Connecticut-based sandwich
giant market itself as a healthier option. Fogle said he lost 245 pounds as a
college student in Indiana by exercising and eating Subway sandwiches, and he
became a ubiquitous marketing presence on television.

In January of 2000, the first Subway commercial featuring Fogle ran. "You may
have seen him on the news or a talk show," a voice-over in the TV spot says as
Fogle walks up to the doors of a Subway restaurant. "He was inspired by Subway's
great-tasting sandwiches." The advertisement ends with him sitting on a bench,
eating his sandwich and showing off his slim figure.

According to court documents released by the U.S. Attorney's Office in
Indianapolis at the time he was charged, Fogle was doing a lot more than sitting
on benches.

According to documents, a dozen minor victims were secretly filmed and
photographed in Taylor's home, and those sexually explicit images were then
distributed to Fogle and others, as The Post reported. Fogle knew the victims
were under the age of 18 and that they were being secretly recorded. In some
cases, Fogle knew their names, addresses and socialized with them at events in
Indiana.

In addition to receiving and distributing the videos, Fogle also used websites
to solicit commercial sex and travelled to engage in sexual acts with minors
from 2007 until June 2015.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            August 19, 2010 Thursday

Pakistan leader says militants could exploit flood

LENGTH: 962 words


ISLAMABAD ? Islamist terrorists may exploit the chaos and misery caused by the
floods in Pakistan to gain new recruits, the country's president warned Thursday
? remarks echoed by a leading U.S. senator who said America would stand by its
vital wartime ally during the crisis. The floods have affected 20 million people
and about one-fifth of Pakistan's territory, straining its civilian government
as it also struggles against al-Qaida and Taliban violence.

Aid groups and the United Nations have complained that foreign donors have not
been quick or generous enough given the scale of the disaster. "All these
catastrophes give strength to forces who do not want a state structure," Zardari
said during a press conference with John Kerry, chairman of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, after the two visited some of the country's hardest-hit
areas and a relief camp. "There is a possibility that the negative forces would
exploit the situation," Zardari said. "Like they would take the babies who have
been made orphans and take them to their camps and train them as the terrorists
of tomorrow." Zardari's government has been criticized for failing to respond
quickly enough, and Islamist charities ? at least one of which has alleged links
to terrorism ? have been active in the flood-hit areas. There also are concerns
the scale of the suffering could stoke unrest and political instability that may
distract nuclear-armed Pakistan from the fight against the Taliban. Already, the
military has had to divert thousands of soldiers and a good deal of equipment
from battling the militancy to rescuing flood victims. "None of us want to see
this crisis to provide an opportunity or an excuse for people who want to
exploit the misery of others for political or ideological purpose, and so it is
important for all of us to work overtime," Kerry said. More than three weeks
after the floods first began, the U.S., Germany and Saudi Arabia all announced
new pledges of aid, while Japan said it would send helicopters to help
distribute food, water and medicine. The Asian Development Bank said it would
redirect $2 billion of existing and planned loans for reconstruction. "If we
don't do it quick, if we don't do it well, what will the Pakistani people
think?" asked Juan Miranda, the development bank's director general for Central
and West Asia. "We have to put every road and every bridge back into the shape
where they should be." The United States has dispatched 19 army helicopters to
hard-hit areas and given other aid worth $90 million. Kerry said the monetary
assistance would increase to $150 million, a figure expected to be formally
announced at a U.N. General Assembly meeting in New York on Thursday. The U.S.'s
primary concern is humanitarian, Kerry said, while adding, "Obviously there is a
national security interest." Richard Holbrooke, the U.S. special representative
for Pakistan and Afghanistan, told the Asia Society in New York that the United
States was the first and largest contributor, and he challenged other countries,
especially Pakistan's close ally China, to "step up to the plate." Holbrooke
said says "many billions" of dollars would be needed to help Pakistan rebuild.
He spoke ahead of the U.N. General Assembly meeting to spotlight the immediate
need for $460 million for food, shelter and clean water. Saudi Arabia said it
would donate $80 million to Pakistan, the official Saudi Press Agency reported,
making it one of the largest donors. The country has for years sought to project
its influence in Pakistan and has funded the spread of hard-line Islamic
theology here that many say gives traction to armed extremist movements.
Pakistan is vital for America's strategic goals of defeating militancy and
stabilizing neighboring Afghanistan so its troops can one day withdraw. Before
the floods, Washington had already committed to spending $7.5 billion over the
next five years on humanitarian projects in Pakistan. That money already
included plans to deal with infrastructure, water and power problems in
Pakistan, and Kerry said at least $200 million would now be refocused toward
tackling challenges in those and other areas directly posed by flooding. The
senator witnessed much of the devastation during a helicopter tour in Punjab
province. The muddy brown water stretched for miles, with only treetops and
upper levels of houses showing in some areas. A train stood idle on a track just
out of the water's reach. At a relief camp in Jampur, hundreds of flood victims
mobbed Zardari and Kerry, pleading for help. Women and children said they needed
water and food, and moaned about lost homes. "I've seen, unfortunately, a lot of
bad things, but this ranks very high in terms of basic human devastation," Kerry
told reporters afterward. "It's going to take an enormous international effort."
The floods began in the northwest of the country after exceptionally heavy
monsoon rains and have since swamped thousands of towns and villages in Punjab
and Sindh provinces. While rainfall has lessened, flooding is continuing in
parts of Sindh province as water from the north courses down the Indus and other
rivers. Local aid groups, the Pakistani army and international aid agencies have
helped hundreds of thousands of people with food, shelter, water and medical
care, but the distribution has been chaotic and has not come close to reaching
everyone. Officials said the ancient ruined city and world heritage site Mohenjo
Daro in the Larkana district was now at risk. "Our experts are also present at
Mohenjo Daro to monitor the flood situation," said government archaeologist
Qasim Ali. Mohenjo Daro's structures, dating back to the third millennium B.C.,
are mostly made of unbaked brick and are vulnerable to flood damage.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              409 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                 July 31, 2008
                               The Golfer Edition

's never too late - ask Boros

BYLINE: Colin Anthony

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 474  words


It's never too late - ask Boros

BLAST FROM THE PASTImpatience with dawdlers was his most endearing trait, writes

GREG Norman's heroic efforts at the Open Championship prompted The Golfer to
highlight the memorable exploits of another old timer, Julius Boros.

His name might not exactly cause the face to light up with instant recognition
but it should: he won 18 PGA Tour events along with US Open in 1952 and 1963 and
the 1968 PGA Championship.

When he won the PGA he was 48, at the time the oldest golfer to win a Major.

But while his exploits on the course are impressive enough, it is for a number
of quotes that we doff our caps to him as they epitomise so much of what we love
about the game.

In 1976, when he was 55, Boros got into a playoff at a PGA Tour event in
Westchester, but lost to Gene Littler, then a sprightly 45. Asked by a reporter
when he was going to retire, Boros sniffed: "Retire from what? All I do is play
golf and fish."

Another thing about Boros that endears him to The Golfer is that he didn't have
too much time for dawdlers. "By the time you get to your ball, if you don't know
what to do with it, try another sport," he said.

He never took a practice swing and was known for being very quick to play once
over a ball, especially on the greens.

We wonder, if ever he had the misfortune of being paired with the painfully slow
Ben Crane, what he might have done. Somehow, we doubt that he would have simply
walked ahead and played out, as Rory Sabbatini did at the Booz Allen Classic
three years ago, leaving Crane on the fairway still mulling over whether to
choke down on this club or swing hard on that club, or whatever it is he stands
and thinks about ... and stands and stands and stands ... before he finally
plays.

We believe, perhaps a bit hopefully, that Boros would have done something a
little more dramatic. Like wrapping his seven iron around the guy's neck. You
know, something we'd all like to see happen but probably never will.

Boros is also known for the catchphrase, "Swing easy, hit hard".

Born in 1920 in Bridgeport, Connecticut, Boros was an acountant who only took up
golf in his 20s. He turned pro in 1949, at the age of 29. Three years later he
had his first professional victory - the US Open. He was a member of the Ryder
Cup team in 1959, 1963, 1965 and 1967. He was PGA Player of Year in 1952 and
1963. His total career PGA Tour earnings were $1004861. He was inducted into the
World Golf Hall of Fame in 1982.

Boros died in 1994 and it is the way he went that makes him a real legend
(according to us): he suffered a fatal heart attack in 1994 doing what he loved
most - playing golf - on the Coral Ridge Country Club course in Fort Lauderdale,
Florida.

SOURCE: about.com, wikipedia.com, Golf Digest Annual 1976

Three-time Major winner Julius Boros, who also won 18 PGA titles. Picture: GOLF
DIGEST

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              July 7, 2003 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Microsoft faces threat of Xbox piracy

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 53

LENGTH: 515 words


A hacker group trying to blackmail Microsoft into allowing Linux to run on the
Xbox says it has released details of software that will let any Xbox user play
pirated games, after Microsoft failed to meet its demands.

The group, which calls itself "Free-X", had been hoping to force Microsoft to
digitally sign some software that would have allowed the free operating system
Linux to run on Microsoft's Xbox games console without the need for a hardware
modification

to the console.

In exchange for that, the group had said it would not disclose details of a
security flaw it found a month ago that would allow the Xbox to run Linux, as
well as pirated games software, even if the software hadn't been digitally
signed. Microsoft uses digital signatures to ensure that only authorised,
non-pirated software is run on the Xbox.

But late last week Free-X issued a statement, beginning with the words "Dear
Public, Today is a very [sad] day for Microsoft," in which it said that
Microsoft had failed to turn up to a scheduled meeting on June 20.

It then released details of how to exploit the flaw, and over the weekend a
number of Xbox hackers released versions of their software on the internet,
which incorporated the Free-X exploit, which they said would run on unmodified
Xboxs. Instructions on how to use the Free-X exploit with Linux are already on
the Xbox Linux web sites.

If the exploit does indeed allow Xbox users to play any unsigned software,
without the need to physically modify the games console, it could be a disaster
for the software giant.

In June 2000 a group calling itself Utopia discovered a similar flaw in Sega's
gaming console, Dreamcast, that allowed it to play pirated games.

Sega scrapped the Dreamcast just six months later, and the widespread piracy
that resulted from Utopia's publication of the flaw was generally held to be a
contributing factor in Sega's withdrawal from the market. (Poor sales of the
Dreamcast were the single largest factor, however.)

Microsoft may now face a similar problem with its Xbox.

To encourage sales it heavily subsidises the hardware in the hope of recouping
profits from the sale of Xbox software, which it protects against piracy with
digital signatures.

People wishing to play pirated games on the Xbox need to solder a "mod chip" a
microprocessor which also allows the Xbox to run unsigned software onto the
motherboard of their console.

Mod chips are illegal in many countries (not Australia), and Microsoft has had
some success in clamping down on distributors of the chips.

But a software-only patch that does the same job as a mod chip would be
impossible for the software giant to control, as it could be readily distributed
over the internet.

In its statement, Free-X suggested that Microsoft might be able to release a
software update to the Xbox that overcame the security weakness.

That patch would apply only to future versions of the Xbox, however.

Free-X said that it was not associated with the Xbox Linux software movement,
which has been trying to find a legitimate way to run the operating system on
unmodified Xbox consoles.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: A security flaw allows pirated games to run on unmodified
Xboxes. Photo: TAMARA VONINSKI/afrphotos.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2003 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                              March 2, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Thugs win the NHL image fight

BYLINE: Ken Gray, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: CITY; Ken Gray; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 888  words


Like many people last week, I spent a fair amount of time discussing the
pugilistic exploits of the Buffalo Sabres and Ottawa Senators.

One puzzled e-mail came from out-of-town friends who saw something about the
fisticuffs on CNN Headline News.

What was peculiar about the message was that it was from Knoxville, Tennessee,
not exactly a hotbed of hockey. There is more ice in the bottom of glasses there
than on rinks.

But the rinky-dink antics of the National Hooligan League caught the attention
of Jim and Eve Falen, a lovely couple I came to know on a trip through Spain and
Portugal a few years ago. Jim is a retired Russian literature professor at the
University of Tennessee while Eve taught French at a private school -- not
exactly the NHL demographic, though they have been among the 100,000 or so who
attend the university's Volunteer football games.

Nevertheless, news of our fight nights travelled to Tennessee, where the only
lonely outpost of the NHL resides down the road in Nashville. And that club has
been voted by pundits most likely to move north, given its dicey attendance
figures.

All this is by way of saying, what kind of publicity does the NHL and hockey
want? Obviously, the Sabres-Senators tilts received wide exposure across the
continent, but it just reinforces the perception across the United States that
it is but a game of thugs. Last week at least, the cementheads were winning.

If you adhere to the theory that any publicity is good publicity, the brawling
festivities helped the NHL. But that's rather the Paris Hilton school of PR. Her
tacky exploits are often newsworthy, but would you buy anything from her or pay
to see her? Not likely. You can get her for free on the Internet, and elsewhere.
She's just publicity for publicity's sake, it doesn't matter whether the news is
good or not. She is to panache what the Leafs are to hockey.

No, the Paris Hilton hockey league persists in allowing all sorts of violence
that do a disservice to the game. In contrast, is there a more beautiful,
exciting sport than hockey when it is played well?

European hockey nations are baffled by our adherence to on-ice violence.
Americans have stopped taking hockey seriously. Its television ratings hover
around those of harness racing and Parcheesi. Traditionally good hockey towns
such as Chicago and Boston have acres of empty arena seats.

Were that Sabres' centre Chris Drury's head was hard as those in the NHL's
marketing office. He suffered a concussion when the rock-hard shoulder pad of
Senators' forward Chris Neil hammered his skull, knocking off his helmet and
bouncing his head off the ice. He was cut for 20 stitches and last word had it
that he could not see out of one eye for the swelling. He's out of the lineup
indefinitely.

Other leagues have banned hits to the head, but the tough melons of the NHL have
just talked about it. Meanwhile, good players such as Drury fall by the wayside,
Pittsburgh's Sidney Crosby calls for protection, and goalies are run with
impunity. Neil, rightly according to league rules, didn't get a penalty for the
Drury hit, but the NHL must do something about head shots. Then he'd get
discipline.

The resulting mayhem last Thursday was the pathetic message that travelled by
CNN to Tennessee and the rest of the continent. The Sabres sent out a bunch of
gorillas to trash the Senators' skill players and even sent a goon after
tough-guy goalie Ray Emery.

Subsequently, the plot unfolded like a bad gothic novel. The old "code" of
hockey was brought out -- you don't go after the goalie or the skill players
with your thugs. Nevertheless, hockey announcers revelled in the mayhem.

And thus the Saturday rematch at Scotiabank Place was the most anticipated game
of the year. I was ready to put in my mouthguard for fear of losing a couple of
Chiclets. And I was just watching on TV. Why, 1,000 knuckle-draggers over
capacity went out to Kanata to attend the game.

The game lived up to its billing. Our good tough guys beat their bad tough guys
and the locals even won the game. It was laughable in its predictability.

So what is there to say after this sad episode? Well, hockey is ruining itself
because it allows cheap shots and carnival-sideshow fighting. Were it that
innocent. In a market it really wants, the U.S., the sport is treated as an
afterthought. Americans are voting with their feet and television remotes.
Violence is short-term gain in interest for long-term losses in marketing
strategy. The sport's legitimacy is in question in some areas.

Meanwhile, skilled stars are falling to violence. Those stars sell hockey.

Frankly, were I watching these two Ottawa-Buffalo matches with youngsters, I
couldn't justify the on-ice antics. Neither could NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman.

Sooner or later, someone will get killed on the ice from a violent act --
today's muscle-bound practitioners are that strong, the sticks and equipment
that hard, and some players that vicious. But for the grace of God goes Chris
Drury. Then municipal authorities will have difficulty ignoring infractions that
receive leeway on the ice but would get you thrown out of a neighbourhood tavern
and charged. It's something for our new police chief to consider.

Ken Gray is the city editorial page editor and a member of the newspaper's
editorial board.

E-mail: kgray@thecitizen.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Chris Wattie, Reuters; The series of brawls between the Ottawa Senators
and Buffalo Sabres recently -- this one involved Chris Neil of the Senators and
Adam Mair of the Sabres -- is the sort of goonery that hurts the NHL in its
crucial U.S. market, writes Ken Gray. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

OCTOBER 21, 2016 ON THIS DAY

BYLINE: BY ETAN SMALLMAN

LENGTH: 533 words


IT'S DAY 295...

Sales of false eyelashes at John Lewis are 295 per cent higher in Liverpool than
the national average. Amanda Scott, the department store's head of beauty, said:
Liverpool's sales are all about false lashes and Newcastle's about fake tan
showing that not all stereotypes are wrong.'

The world's most expensive burger costs $295 (£240). Le Burger Extravagant, at
New York City restaurant Seredipity 3, consists of Japanese Wagyu beef infused
with white truffle butter, topped with cheese, black truffles and a fried
quail's egg, served on an edible gold-dusted bread roll topped with caviar.

British actress Jessica Tandy was the oldest woman to win an Oscar for best
actress. She won for Driving Miss Daisy in 1989 at the age of 80 years and 295
days.

THERE ARE 71 DAYS LEFT

George Orwell's (pictured) Animal Farm was published 71 years ago. He was
inspired to write the satirical novel after seeing a boy whipping a carthorse.
He said: It struck me that if only such animals became aware of their strength,
we should have no power over them, and that men exploit animals in much the same
way as the rich exploit the proletariat.'

Remains of the oldest known feast were found in a cave in Israel in 2010

. The banquet 12,000 years ago included 71 tortoises roasted in their shells.
Archaeologists believe they were eaten during the funeral of an elderly woman of
status.

HAPPY BIRTHDAY

Lord (Peter) Mandelson, 63. The ex-Business Secretary was forced to resign twice
from the Cabinet. Since his days as a Labour MP, he has been dogged by a story
that he went into a chippie in his Hartlepool constituency, pointed to the mushy
peas and asked for some of that guacamole'. Although it skewered Mandy's
metropolitan reputation, he never said it but Neil Kinnock attributed it to him
as a tease.

Manfred Mann, 76. The South African-born musician was the frontman of 1960s
English rock band Manfred Mann, who had hits with Do Wah Diddy Diddy and Pretty
Flamingo. In 2003, it emerged that he possessed three previously unknown hymns
by Edward Elgar.

BORN ON THIS DAY

Dizzy Gillespie (1917-1993). The American jazz legend trumpeter, composer and
singer was born John Birks Gillespie, the youngest of nine children. He was
known for playing a bent' trumpet (right). It started after two dancers fell on
it, bending the bell upwards, and Dizzy liked the change in tone that resulted.

Samuel Taylor Coleridge (1772-1834). The Devon-born poet wrote The Rime Of The
Ancient Mariner but added much more to our language. He coined countless words,
including soulmate, bisexual, boastfulness, dream world, dynamic, factual,
pessimism and psychosomatic.

ON OCTOBER 21...

In 1945, women in France were able to vote for the first time in parliamentary
elections 27 years after their British counterparts.

In 1966, 144 people were killed, including 116 children, when a colliery slag
heap came crashing down on to a school in Aberfan, near Merthyr Tydfil, in
Wales.

QUOTE FOR TODAY

The trouble with having an open mind is that people will insist on coming along
and trying to put things in it.

Sir Terry Pratchett, novelist (1948-2015)

JOKE OF THE DAY

Why are ghosts so bad at lying?

You can see right through them.

© Daily Mail

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2016 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

MOTLEY CRUE, GOLD METALISTS

BYLINE: SEAN DALY, Times Pop Music Critic

SECTION: WEEKEND; HOT TICKET; Pg. 14W

LENGTH: 239 words


If Sunday's Motley Crue show in Tampa is truly the Sunset Strip heathens'
"farewell" gig here - we know the drill with goodbye tours - then we should
honor the hair-metalists as one of rockdom's most "dangerous" bands. After all,
when it comes to the Crue (singer Vince Neil, bassist Nikki Sixx, drummer Tommy
Lee, guitarist Mick Mars), their misogynistic, hedonistic songs are tame
compared with their real-life, real-wrong exploits.

Girls Girls Girls, Dr. Feelgood, Wild Side, Shout at the Devil play like mere
lullabies against the litany of morally and legally suspect exploits that went
down in West Hollywood circa the '80s, when the Crue treated the rest of the
world with a sneering, snickering disregard. (The quartet's opening act Sunday,
Alice Cooper, isn't nearly as nefarious as his onstage alter ego.) If you want
salacious specifics, read the Crue's 2001 oral history, The Dirt, compiled by
music journalist Neil Strauss. As authors and rockers, the boys have zero shame
and even less of a filter. But that's also why they're still cashing in, and we
still care about them, all these decades of decadence later. Sex, drugs and rock
'n' roll is supposed to be a lethally dangerous combo platter. And no one
debauched it better than Motley Crue.

Motley Crue, with Alice Cooper, performs at 7 p.m. Sunday at MidFlorida Credit
Union Amphitheatre at the Florida State Fairgrounds, 4802 U.S. 301 N, Tampa.
$20-$119. (813) 740-2446.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Associated Press: The Crue: Vince Neil, Nikki Sixx, Mick Mars
and Tommy Lee.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: CALENDAR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

Teva CEO: We're using crowdsourcing;
Jeremy Levin told the IATI-Biomed conference that crowdsourcing can help Teva
bring 10 new products to market a year.

BYLINE: Gali Weinreb

LENGTH: 543 words


"I see that my daughters understand the field more than I do," said Teva
Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE: TEVA; TASE: TEVA) president and CEO Dr.
Jeremy Levin at the IATI-Biomed 2013 conference today, in a remark about digital
medicine, which is taking over the healthcare industry. "I simply decided to go
to Silicon Valley. I spent four days with young people in short pants and
sandals, who are already wealthier than I will ever be, and I realized an
important thing: the day before a medication is launched, the pharmaceutical
companies know more about it than the patients, but the day after the launch,
the patients already know more."

Levin means that patients taking medication know personally, rather than
second-hand or from statistical analysis, the effects of the drug on them. Every
patient knows only about his medication, but the aggregation of this knowledge,
which the Internet now makes possible, allows the collation of data about
medications far beyond with the pharmaceutical companies could obtain until now,
for better or worse.

Teva intends to exploit crowdsourcing to improve the precision of dosages for
specific patients and the chances that a patient who has been prescribed a drug
takes it regularly. The company also wants to exploit crowdsourcing to obtain
ideas for repositioning products. "If you have an idea for a product that is
already used in one field and you think can be used in another, don't hesitate
to suggest the idea to us at our booth," he told the audience.

Teva does not only use crowd-sourcing to obtain ideas for repositioning
products, but also uses the experts. "We hope to find scientific basis for the
similarity between different diseases so that we can know in advance which other
diseases existing drugs can treat. We already know about the similarity between
different diseases of the central nervous system," said Levin.

Teva hopes to use this approach to bring to market ten new products, which are
upgrades of current products or new indications for them, every year over the
next decade. "Other companies can bring improved products to market, but can
they bring ten products a year?" said Levin. "Only Teva can do this because it
combines new drug development capabilities with generics.

"Other companies don't touch generics, even though they have generics
departments, because they are 'bad'. They have generics activities, but they
don't talk about them and definitely don't talk with them, or at least they
haven't talked with them lately. Only at Teva do both these fields cooperate."

Levin added, "25% of global investment in R&D is in cancer, but there are only
5-10 advanced clinical trials for heart failure, even though they kill equally,
compared with thousands of trials for cancer. That is because the US Food and
Drug Administration (FDA) approves them more quickly. If you have cancer, you
can expect that some of your problems will be solved in the near future, but not
heart failure."

"Our job is to enable patients to live longer, better lives, because access to
healthcare is a foundation of democratic society," Levin concluded.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
June 11, 2013

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2013

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              415 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                            October 6, 2009 Tuesday

BYLINE: james ferguson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 227 words


NORTH west firms are being offered a share of a £3.2m pot in a pioneering scheme
to help them exploit new markets for environmentally-friendly products and
services, it was announced today.

The three year North West Eco-innovation Programme is supported by the Northwest
Regional Development Agency, which is providing £1.5m, and the Northwest
European Regional Development Fund, which is providing £1.7m.

The scheme, the first of its type in the country, gives one-to-one assistance to
480 SMEs and aims to create 107 jobs, safeguarding a further 373.

NWDA chief executive Steven Broomhead said: "This unique support programme will
work with businesses to exploit the demand for mainstream products and services
which have minimal environmental impact."

Experts from Lancaster University will collaborate with businesses to help
improve products, processes or systems to reduce environmental impact and
benefit company growth.

Dr Mark Bacon, of Lancaster University, said: "Lancaster University is home to
one of the largest centres for environmental research in Europe.

"Our business team can ensure research and development expertise of the highest
international quality has a real world impact very close to home."

The scheme will be launched by Dragon's Den investor Richard Farleigh at a
special event at Manchester's Museum of Science and Industry on October 22.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             July 7, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Bob Probert; The cheering never stopped

BYLINE: The Windsor Star

SECTION: EDITORIAL/OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 290  words


In January 2007, Bob Probert was back at Joe Louis Arena and looking forward to
the future: "I'm living life. I'm busy, but I'm having fun."

Probert made the comments to The Star's Bob Duff on a night when the team was
retiring Steve Yzerman's No. 19 jersey. Even though Probert wasn't the main
attraction that night, the rousing ovation he received from the fans was a clear
sign that he was much more than a hockey player who used to be a Detroit Red
Wing.

And that's likely the way people on both sides of the border felt Monday when
they learned Probert had died at the age of 45 after collapsing while boating
with his family on Lake St. Clair.

Probert always seemed to be larger than life -- whether you knew him from his
exploits on the ice, or from his exploits outside the rink.

He was a Windsor boy. He was famous. He was infamous. But most of us always
wanted to root for Probert, whether he was playing his heart out on the ice, or
trying to turn around a bad situation in his personal life.

As Probert's former lawyer and agent Pat Ducharme said Monday, after you peeled
away the troubled times and his image as an on-ice enforcer, what you had left
was a nice guy.

"Beneath the tough exterior that he demonstrated in his NHL career was really a
very timid, shy, not very outgoing person. He wanted to do things ..."

And Probert did. He visited Canadian troops in Afghanistan and he was involved
in charitable work, including raising money through playing old-timer hockey.

Certainly, Probert made an indelible impression on and off the ice during his
all-too-short life. His passing is a reminder to all of us of how important each
day is.

Ducharme paid Bob Probert a fitting tribute: "He really had a good heart. He was
a good father."

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Obituary; Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Financial Post (Pakistan)

                           December 18, 2010 Saturday

McDonalds sued over happy meals

LENGTH: 417 words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Dec. 18 -- A mother-of-two from California launched a class-action
lawsuit against McDonald's, claiming the toys given out with Happy Meals
unfairly lure kids into eating unhealthy food. Monet Parham is spearheading the
suit backed by the Center for Science in the Public Interest (CSPI), aimed at
stopping the fast-food giant's use of toys in marketing aimed directly at small
children.

The CSPI says such marketing illegally exploits children. Parham says the main
reason her six-year-old daughter, Maya, asks to go to McDonald?s is to get toys
based on Barbie, i-Carly, Shrek, or Strawberry Shortcake.

"I am concerned about the health of my children and feel that McDonald's should
be a very limited part of their diet and their childhood experience," said
Parham, from Sacramento.

"But as other busy, working moms and dads know, we have to say 'no' to our young
children so many times, and McDonald's makes that so much harder to do.

"I object to the fact that McDonald's is getting into my kids? heads without my
permission and actually changing what my kids want to eat."

The CSPI cited the Institute of Medicine and the American Psychological
Association as saying that "kids as young as Maya do not have the cognitive
maturity to understand the persuasive intent of advertising."

"Every time McDonald's markets a Happy Meal directly to a young child, it
exploits a child's developmental vulnerability and violates several states'
consumer protection laws," said CSPI litigation director Steve Gardner.
McdonaldsMcDonald's said it would defend itself against the lawsuit, which
Parham and the CSPI said they were filing in the California Superior Court in
San Francisco.

"We are proud of our Happy Meals and intend to vigorously defend our brand,"
spokeswoman Bridget Coffing told the LA Times newspaper, adding that Happy Meals
offer quality foods in smaller portions appropriate for children.

"We are confident that parents understand and appreciate that Happy Meals are a
fun treat, with quality, right-sized food choices for their children that can
fit into a balanced diet," she added.

The action came after San Francisco last month agreed to ban promotional toys
served with food that doesn't meet strict nutritional standards, following a
similar move in nearby Santa Clarita in April Published by HT Syndication with
permission from The Financial Post. For any query with respect to this article
or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Daily Financial Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              March 3, 2002 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

THE BEST OF THE INTERNET www... MiKE TYSON;
Plugged in

BYLINE: Graham Tangey

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 529 words


The official Mike Tyson site (www.tysongear.com/index1.html) is a glorified
advert for his line of merchandise, including clothing, boxing equipment, video
games and soft toys. Check out his official biography, which leaves out the
important bits, such as jail time and size of his overbite. You can join his
official fan club online.

This most unofficial site (www.tyson.co.uk/!site/) has been created by British
fans of Tyson. As usual, there is the standard merchandising section, trying to
help pay for the hosting of the site and domain name renewal costs. But there is
a better biography section, which explains all his previous exploits. Check out
the latest rankings in the heavyweight division, as well as lists of the best
fighters of all time. Click into "Adam's Corner" and see Adam's thoughts on
whether Tyson will fight Evander Holyfield, Lennox Lewis or another chump to
boost his earnings. The links page is a good place to continue your search for
Tyson tit-bits.

The Iron Mike Tyson site (www.wu-wien.ac.at/usr/h95b/h9552337/) is one of the
best sites, official or non-official, on the Internet. It does not pull a punch
(pardon the pun) when detailing his life and career. There are updates on all
his latest exploits, in and out of the ring. There is a good picture gallery,
with shots from bouts, court appearances and press conferences. Most of the best
action has been at weigh-ins, so check out that gallery. There is a transcript
of an interview with journalist Nick Charles. This is a good site for everyone
who wants to know (more of) the truth.

The official Mike Tyson Fan Club site (www.miketysonfanclub.com) is also
excellent. There is biased coverage of all Tyson news, goods to buy, music to
listen to from featured artists, and Tyson Radio, which is a feast of the best
contemporary music. This is what all fan sites aspire to. You can chat online
with other boxing fans and Mike T gurus. Discuss his chances against upcoming
opponents, and the state boxing control boards from Colorado, Texas and
California. Have a look at the sanctioned pictures of fights, pre-fight training
and his personal life. It makes you want to go up and give him a hug.

Fill your PC with the latest desktop wallpaper and screensavers devoted to Mike
Tyson through www.altosport.com/t/mike-tyson/. Grab some shots of Mike's
greatest hits. See him in action with Holyfield, lawyers and journalists.

A shrine to Tyson (www.iron-mike-tyson-shrine.com) includes the chance to
download videos, pictures, wallpapers and screensavers and outlines some of the
latest Tyson news. It is linked to a gambling site, so keep your credit card in
your wallet.

The small amateur site brevheart.tripod.com is produced by a young fan and is
very good as a first attempt at website design. Check out the tale of the tape,
his fight record and all Tyson's details.

FAN SITE OF THE WEEK

http://www.xmission.com/~blj/tyson/

The Mike Tyson Ate My Ears site is a send up of his most famous act. Pictures of
Mike and his friends Don King, Holyfield and Mills Lane, and Evander's ear can
all be seen on this site. If you are a little squeamish, stay away. There is a
shot of the ear lying on the canvas.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2002 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           January 24, 2007 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Gators Aren't Pressing Their Luck

BYLINE: ANDY STAPLES, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 485 words


FLORIDA KNOWS IT HAS WEAKNESSES

By ANDY STAPLES

The Tampa Tribune

Mississippi State University basketball coach Rick Stansbury told a minor fib
Monday when discussing top-ranked Florida.

"They have," Stansbury said during a teleconference, "no weaknesses."

That isn't entirely true, and Stansbury knows it. While the Gators, who face the
Bulldogs tonight at 9 at Humphrey Coliseum in Starkville, Miss., are about as
close to perfect as a college basketball team can be in this age of scholarship
limitations, they aren't flawless. The hard part is taking advantage of those
minor flaws before Florida coaches and players have a chance to fix them.

Ole Miss discovered Saturday that the Gators struggle with the press. After days
of work by a group of players and coaches who nearly all have taken part in a
national title run, it's doubtful the Bulldogs' press will flummox Florida the
way the Rebels' press did Saturday. Talented, experienced players tend to
correct their mistakes quickly.

Still, the Gators have other weaknesses a team could exploit - but only under
near-perfect circumstances. These include a tendency to grow complacent against
a vastly inferior opponent, spotty bench play and recent difficulty shooting
free throws.

It's not much to work with, but Florida coach Billy Donovan believes any team in
the Southeastern Conference can exploit one of his team's minor blemishes on a
given night. That especially goes for the Bulldogs, who suffered through growing
pains last year and wound up with a talented young nucleus.

"[Florida, LSU and Alabama] have players coming back," Donovan said, "but I
think one mistake that a lot of people are making with our league was that no
one talked about the teams that maybe didn't get into the NCAA Tournament last
year because they had a lot of young players."

Donovan and his players know the Bulldogs will attack their weak spots
immediately. If the press doesn't work, they may try to get Florida's starters
in foul trouble to force Donovan to go to the bench. This season, Donovan has
admitted he often hasn't felt comfortable using reserves other than senior
center Chris Richard and sophomore guard Walter Hodge.

If the game remains close late, Stansbury could order his players to hack the
Gators, who haven't proven that they can seal a game at the foul line. In their
four SEC games, the Gators have made 50 of 83 (60 percent) from the line.

Gators forward Corey Brewer said that last flaw could be the one that could cost
the Gators if they don't correct it soon.

"We can lose a lot of basketball games," Brewer said, "if we don't hit some free
throws."

Reporter Andy Staples can be reached at (352) 262-3719 or
astaples@tampatrib.com.

Photo: Florida hasn't been great at the free-throw line this season; Joakim Noah
only makes 60.8 percent of his.

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: COLLEGE BASKETBALL

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              420 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              March 7, 1994 Monday

LENGTH: 552 words


WASHINGTON (AP) Ä The Clinton administration Sunday stressed there is no
evidence of any wrongdoing in Whitewater. But GOP Sen. Phil Gramm countered that
President Clinton is ""getting deeper in a hole'' that threatens his presidency.
Two top administration officials, President Gore and White House adviser George
Stephanopoulos, appeared on Sunday news programs to state their case that while
mistakes have been made, the White House is cooperating fully in the Whitewater
investigation.

They said Republicans are trying to exploit the issue because of the successes
of Clinton's programs and his rising popularity. There's ""an enormous amount of
partisanship,'' Gore said on NBC's ""Meet the Press.'' ""What would you do if
you were in the opposition and you saw an opportunity to make a dent in this
growing popularity?'' he asked. ""Of course you would try to exploit it.''
Stephanopoulos, speaking on ABC's ""This Week With David Brinkley,'' said, ""The
Republicans can't run on the economy, they can't run on health care, they can't
run on welfare, they can't run on crime, so they are going to try to exploit
this issue.'' ""We shouldn't help them by making mistakes, that's our fault,''
he said. Stephanopoulos was referring to the White House's admission that senior
staffers received three private briefings from Treasury Department officials on
the status of an investigation into a failed Arkansas savings and loan tied to
the Clintons and their Whitewater land venture. Special prosecutor Robert Fiske
issued subpoenas Friday to senior White House officials to obtain information on
the meetings, and White House chief counsel Bernard Nussbaum, who was involved
in the briefings, on Saturday announced his resignation. But Republicans charged
the administration was involved in a coverup with overtones of Watergate.
""Richard Nixon turned a third-rate burglary into a constitutional crisis by not
leveling, by interfering with the investigation,'' Gramm, R-Texas, said on ABC.
""If the president wants to serve this term out, he is going to have to begin by
leveling with the American people.'' The president, Gramm said, ""is getting
deeper in a hole.'' Sen. Alfonse D'Amato, R-N.Y., also told The Associated Press
that as a result of what he says is the administration's attempt to stonewall
the investigation, the issue has ""the potential of being as great if not
greater than Watergate.'' The presidency is in danger, he said, ""as a result of
the continued conduct and the continued pattern of deception.'' Gore insisted
that whatever mistakes were made in permitting the briefings to take place,
""there is now an aggressive determination to make absolutely certain that there
is no interference of any kind.'' He said that within an hour of the White
House's being informed of the subpoenas, ""the word went out clearly and firmly:
You save everything, whether it's on your computer, whether it's in the
wastebasket.'' Even janitors were told not to throw anything away, he said. ""We
will have the highest ethical standards in this White House,'' Gore said. The
vice president said there is ""still no credible allegation of wrongdoing by
anyone in the administration.'' But he acknowledged that ""sometimes the
handling of something can be infinitely worse than what is being investigated.''

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            January 7, 2014 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Stolen Snapchat data at risk of use;
Scammers likely to try to cash in

BYLINE: Byron Acohido, @byronacohido, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 541 words


Odds are, cybercriminals are moving to cash in the 4.6 million customer phone
numbers stolen from Snapchat.

For a short time on New Year's Day, a website allowed anyone to download all the
leaked data in a spreadsheet format.

The person responsible for posting that data omitted the last two digits of each
phone number, but, notably, solicited requests for copies of the full database.

Basking in hacktivist glory -- while also profiting from a high-visibility hack
-- has become a familiar pattern in the cyberunderground.

Sony's Web properties got hacked and defaced by several individuals upset with
the entertainment giant's business practices in April 2011. And someone hacked
into its PlayStation customer database. Shortly afterward, payment card data for
2.2 million customers also went up for sale on an underground Internet forum.

Something similar could happen to Snapchat.

"There's a risk that uncensored versions of this database could have been
created," says Marc Rogers, principal researcher at Lookout Mobile Security. A
list of 4.6 million-plus active Snapchat users' phone numbers "would be valuable
to spammers," he says.

The fact the Snapchat hacker appeared to have concentrated on stealing data from
certain area codes, and only pilfered data from a portion of Snapchat's
estimated 30 million users, could mean the primary motivation was to embarrass
the company.

"If the intent was black-hat exploitation, the people behind this would not have
called attention to the exploit until they had mined all the phone numbers for
Snapchat users," says Andrew Conway, research analyst at messaging security firm
Cloudmark. "I believe that these are people who want to push Snapchat into
fixing their problem before the spammers can exploit it."

However, even the widely circulated partial numbers are useful to spammers.

A simple program could cycle through all possible combinations of the missing
two digits, says Cathal Mc Daid, a researcher at mobile device services firm
AdaptiveMobile.

Mc Daid sorted the 4.6 million partial phone numbers and found Snapchat users
concentrated in six states: California; New York; Illinois; Colorado; Florida;
and Massachusetts.

With a bit of online research, a spammer could easily match phone numbers to
Snapchat users' first names and customize text-messaging spam for questionable
products or even carrying infectious Web links, a common spamming technique.

SMS (short message service) phishing spam is on the rise. These are text
messages that lure a mobile device user into clicking on a malicious weblink,
often using a geographical or business reference to make it  believable. Knowing
a phone number belongs to a Snapchat user would enable even slicker come-ons.

"We may see spurious requests to 'protect' your Snapchat app by clicking on a
malicious link in a text message," says Mc Daid.

Since a high percentage of Snapchat users are adolescents and teens, Troy
Vennon, director of the Mobile Threat Center at Juniper Networks, is worried
that spammers could be using the partial numbers to craft campaigns aimed at
youngsters.

"There could certainly be an increase in texting spam," Vennon says. "This is
most concerning for younger users who may now receive inappropriate content or
messages."

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo LIONEL BONAVENTURE, AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           December 31, 2015 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

YOUR VIEWS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 506 words


Vicious rhetoric about abortion is wrong

The Dec. 19 letter "Terrorism, abortion kill the defenseless" made me wonder if
those who inhabit the anti-choice community understand that the objects of their
malice are human beings.

Do we accept the vicious rhetoric from the anti-choice faction because they are
sanctioned, promoted and funded by religious groups? Has the harassment directed
at women seeking abortions been normalized because anti-choice groups invoke
god?

In an interview, Frank Pavone, head of Priests for Life, discussed his
opposition to Planned Parenthood's campaign to destigmatize abortion: "To the
extent that you cannot get the stigma out of it, that you cannot get people to
say they don't regret it, that you cannot get people not to cringe when they
hear the details of abortion, that is a plus for our side that we have to
continue to exploit, in the best sense of the term. We exploit the stigma of
abortion."

Their aggressive crusade to dehumanize women in need of reproductive health care
and the professionals who provide it has been relentless. It is time to end this
toxic mix of religious misogyny and political action.

? Dianne Haskins, Mount Horeb

Great nation should embrace diversity

The Dec. 19 letter "Welcoming Syrians not a good idea" took aim at Muslims and
Syrian refugees ? the latest group suffering a knee-jerk reaction to wrongly
placed fears. "Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it"
has never rung truer. World War II Japanese internment, and signs in windows
such as "No Irish Need Apply," are reminders of the consequences of misplaced
fears of those who differ from "us."

The writer feels terrorist attacks don't happen where Muslims aren't numerous.
Terrorist acts occur when anyone with evil intentions finds means and motivation
to act. Whether it was Oklahoma City or the attack that killed nearly 80 in
Norway, Columbine or Sandy Hook, the list is long and sad. Radical Jihadists are
as distant from Muslim values as the Ku Klux Klan is from Christian doctrine.

The writer states "we are not the same" when referring to Muslims. Who are "we"
that are so different from "them"? We are all different from one another:
Witness the Amish, the Asian woman who designed the Vietnam Veterans Memorial,
lutefisk-eating Norwegians, or snake-handling Appalachian preachers. We are a
great nation because we embrace diversity.

? Dan Johnson, Middleton

John Does are costly mistake for state

John Doe investigations are important for our political system, but some serious
accountability is needed. Since Gov. Scott Walker took office, there's been one
investigation after another. As quickly as one case is thrown out of court for
lack of substance, another is ushered in ? or in some instances, the same case.

The running tab for attorney fees for these cases has exceeded $1 million. Who
is responsible for these fees? We the taxpayers.

And there are those who quibble about a few thousand dollars owed to the state
from Walker's failed presidential run.

? Dennis Atkinson, Albany

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Guardian.com.

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

Chris Christie: 10 things you need to know

BYLINE: Matthew Weavertheguardian.com

LENGTH: 922 words

ABSTRACT

Everything you need to know about the man being tipped as the Republicans' next
candidate for president

FULL TEXT

Following his re-election as governor of the traditionally Democratic state of
New Jersey, Chris Christie is being seen the favourite to be the Republicans'
presidential candidate in 2016.

1. Christie is becoming less coy about his presidential ambitions. He repeatedly
ruled out running for the 2012 nomination dismissing such talk as
"presumptuous". But in his New Jersey victory speech he said: "I know that if we
can do this in Trenton, New Jersey, maybe the folks in Washington should tune
into their TV sets, and see how's done."

2. Christie is estimated to weigh 350lb (24 stone), but his opponents have
failed to exploit his obesity. A 2009 campaign TV ad by the Democrat governor
Jon Corzine featured slow-motion footage of Christie struggling to get out of a
car. It accused him of "throwing his weight around". Christie turned the ad to
his advantage by urging Corzine to "man up and say I'm fat". After unseating
Corzine as governor Christie went on exploit his bull-in-china-shop image. But
his weight remains a personal concern. In an attempt to shift some of his excess
blubber, Christie had gastric-band surgery last February. He had the operation
under a false name but later went public. He admits to struggling with his
weight for the last 20 years. The operation has made no discernible difference
to his size.

3. Christie is a diehard Bruce Springsteen fan. Such adulation goes down well
among the blue collar workers of Springsteen's native New Jersey. But Christie's
adoration of the Boss goes way beyond political calculation. He has been to 129
Springsteen concerts and is said to be able to recite the words to all of his
songs. But the adoration is not reciprocated by the Democrat Springsteen, who
repeatedly refused to meet Christie. When Christie did finally meet his hero he
was filmed crying.

4. When the Soprano's star James Gandolfini died unexpectedly in June, Christie
ordered flags to be flown at half-mast on New Jersey state buildings.
Gandolfini's portrayal of Tony Soprano has even been seen by some political
commentators to have encouraged New Jerseyans to embrace a pugnacious figure
such as Christie.

5. Christie was a source of repeated irritation to Mitt Romney during the
latter's failed presidential bid. Initially there was speculation that Romney
would chose Christie as his running mate, because of the New Jersey governor's
bipartisan appeal. The Romney campaign rejected the idea reportedly because of
nervousness about Christie's weight. But Christie's remains popular figure in
the Republican party and was chosen to make the keynote speech at the Republican
convention.

Romney's people were furious with Christie's speech because they felt it focused
too much on Christie's own record and failed to sufficiently celebrate Romney.
They even took the unprecedented step of briefing against Christie afterwards.
Later, Christie did his own presidential ambitions no harm, but helped wreck
Romney's, when he embraced Barack Obama in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy just
days before the presidential election. In a bipartisan gesture he thanked the
president for federal government support to help New Jersey cope with the
aftermath of the storm.

6. Christie is long-term opponent of gay marriage. But last month hedropped
legal efforts to block same-sex marriage in New Jersey, hours after the first
couples took advantage of a court ruling that allowed gay weddings to begin.

Christie said: "I believe that marriage should be between one man and one woman.
That doesn't mean, in any way shape or form, that I have anything against folks
who are homosexual. I believe people are born that way. I don't believe it's a
choice ... you were born with your sexual preference. But I believe that the
institution of marriage for 2,000 years has been between a man and a woman."

7. Public sector unions regard Christie as a pariah after he cut the pay and
pensions of police, firefighters and teachers. One teachers' union leader
suggested he wanted to see Christie dead in a poor-taste joke memo that
backfired on the union. The memo written in 2009 said: "Dear Lord, this year you
have taken away my favourite actor, Patrick Swayze, my favourite actress, Farrah
Fawcett, my favourite singer, Michael Jackson, and my favourite salesman, Billy
Mays. I just wanted to let you know that Chris Christie is my favourite
governor." Christie used the joke to his advantage repeatedly reminding
audiences that his opponents wished for his death and chided the union for
refusing to sack the author of the memo.

8. Clips of Christie combative encounters with hecklers are a massive hit on
YouTube. His town-hall put downs and shouting matches with union supporters
attract millions of views.

9. Tino Fiumara, one of New Jersey's most notorious and ruthless gangsters, is a
relation. But the connection is very distant - Fiumara was the brother of
Christies aunt's husband. Christie met him only once. "For most of my life, he
spent his life in prison. That teaches you a lot," Christie said of Fiumara.

10. Christie is no Tea Party pin up. The New Jersey governor's attack on the
public sector would appear to appeal to Conservative Republicans. But his views
on gun-control and abortion are far too nuanced for the Tea Party. He has
strengthened gun control in New Jersey. But was later accused of flip-flopping
on the issue by rejecting anti-gun legislation from the state legislature.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                              424 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Famed for Tango and Hackers

BYLINE: By NICOLE PERLROTH

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1335 words


BUENOS AIRES --  Want to learn how to break into the computerized heart of a
medical device or an electronic voting machine? Maybe a smartphone or even a
car? Thanks to the legacy of military rule and a culture of breaking rules of
all sorts, Argentina has become one of the best places on earth to find people
who could show you how.

As Silicon Valley's talent war has gone global, particularly for those skilled
at breaking into things, this Latin American nation has become a rich recruiting
ground for corporations and foreign governments. Companies need hackers to help
defend against online criminals and state-sponsored spies. And as the world's
critical infrastructure moves online and the threat of war moves into
cyberspace, governments are desperate to acquire hackers' tools.

''Cheating the system is part of the Argentine mentality,'' said Cesar Cerrudo,
an Argentine security researcher who taught himself to hack as a young teenager
living in Paraná, a small town in the northeastern part of the country. Mr.
Cerrudo recently gained attention for successfully hacking into traffic light
systems in cities across the United States.

''Unless you are rich, you grow up without a computer or reading books. To
access new software, you have to hack it, and you have to teach yourself
everything from the ground up,'' he said.

Within Latin America, Brazil has become known in recent years as the world
leader in Internet banking fraud. But Argentina's hackers have a reputation for
creativity. In particular, they are known for their ability to find so-called
zero-day flaws, which are unpatched holes in widely used technology that can be
used to spy on or even destroy adversaries' computer networks.

Technology companies like Apple, Facebook and Google have encrypted their
products and services so that in many cases the only way to monitor a target's
communications is to hack directly into its device. As a result, there is a new
urgency among governments in acquiring zero-day exploits.

A mix of executives from around the world, government officials, contractors and
-- or so it was rumored -- spies gathered here in October in an industrial
building converted into a cultural center to watch hacking done the Argentine
way at the 11th annual EkoParty, the largest hacking conference in Latin
America.

It is impossible to say how many hackers live in Argentina, since breaking into
computers is not generally a skill that Argentines like to advertise. But
EkoParty, which drew 1,600 people this year, is widely known as the best place
to find them.

''Argentina put itself on the map as the country to produce the best hackers,''
said Sinan Eren, an executive at Avast Software, a security company based in
Prague, who has been attending the conference for years.

Long before foreign companies came calling, hacking things was a life skill in
Argentina, a way to get by through decades of repressive military rule and a
volatile economy.

Argentines have a saying, ''atado con alambre,'' which translates roughly as
''held together with wire,'' to describe the inventive nature of so many here
who learned to do much with little.

''Those of us who came of age under a military junta -- who were told which
books to read, which movies to watch, which God to worship -- had to learn to
move around the laws,'' Norma Morandini, a senator from Córdoba province, told a
crowd at the conference. ''For us, hacking became a way of life.''

The country still has one foot in the tech industry's past because of stringent
import rules. Amazon will not ship to your door here. BlackBerry has more market
share here than Apple. A new iPhone costs $2,000 or more on MercadoLibre, an
online auction site, but many iPhone owners said they had been able to persuade
a friend traveling from abroad to sneak one through customs.

To get their hands on the latest, greatest devices, Argentines often have to
think like a hacker -- or even become one.

''You make do without resources, without high-end technology, with poor Wi-Fi
connections,'' said Sergio Berensztein, an Argentine political analyst. ''We
improvise creative solutions, for lack of other options, and many have applied
these same procedures to the technical industry.''

EkoParty began as a small gathering of Argentine hackers who exchanged their
discoveries over the web. Today, hundreds of Argentine hackers, ranging from 14
to 45 years old, line up around the block to show off their skills to executives
from Silicon Valley start-ups like Synack, a security company, as well as more
established consulting firms like Deloitte, and a growing list of government
officials and contractors looking to acquire zero-days for their arsenals.

Among EkoParty's panelists were hackers like Alfredo Ortega, a sweet-natured man
from rural Patagonia and professed ''cybergaucho'' and was able to break into a
new e-voting system in 20 minutes. Later, over tea and cookies, he demonstrated
how to hide malicious code in computer chips.

Mr. Ortega, who now works for Avast Software, is best known for breaking into a
computer operating system thought to be invulnerable. His latest work in
progress is an X-ray-emitting device that can break into systems that are not
even online.

''Almost anything you give him, he will break,'' said Federico Kirschbaum, who
started the EkoParty conference with a fellow Argentine, Francisco Amato. They
are also the co-founders of the security company Infobyte.

Other presenters included Juliano Rizzo, an Argentine security researcher who
demonstrated a zero-day flaw onstage that some here estimated would have sold
for six figures on the black market.

Mr. Rizzo is among many Argentine security researchers who got their start at
Core Security, a company founded 20 years ago by six hackers.

In 1996, Core started working with companies and government agencies to find
security holes in their networks. Later, they created one of the first automated
attack tools designed to penetrate clients' systems by exploiting software
vulnerabilities.

''It was a bold proposition, especially coming from 'some guys in Argentina,'''
said Ivan Arce, one of Core's founders. Analysts initially said the tool was
unethical, but one of Core's first customers, NASA, helped change minds.

As Core grew, its founders trained the next generation of exploit coders. But
those hackers now have far more lucrative options than their predecessors did
back in 1996.

Exploits that 20 years ago were discovered out of curiosity, or to defend
against criminals, are valuable to an increasing number of governments -- 40 at
last count -- that are developing offensive digital weapon programs.

Governments have already started repurposing Argentine exploit tools as spy
tools. Last December, two researchers discovered that an Iranian hacking group
was using Core's penetration testing tool against Iranian dissidents.

''This started out as hobbyists sharing exploits as a game,'' Mr. Arce said.
''Now exploits are hoarded for profit.''

Sale of a single exploit can make some hackers rich. Zerodium, a zero-day-
exploit broker that sells to governments, said it paid hackers $1 million for an
Apple exploit in October. In mid-November, the brokerage firm said it would pay
hackers $50,000 for an attack that could take over a victim's machine through a
Safari or Internet Explorer browser, and $80,000 for a similar attack through
Google's Chrome browser.

Those dollars go a long way in Buenos Aires, where a high-end apartment in
Palermo Soho -- a hip neighborhood with a concentration of tech start-ups --
rents for $1,000 a month.

But Argentina's days as the outsourcing capital for hackers may be numbered, Mr.
Eren of Avast warns, particularly as the world goes mobile and governments start
zeroing in on ways to break into smartphones.

''Argentina may be hitting a peak,'' Mr. Eren said. ''There's new competition.''
And when it comes to breaking into phone software, he said, ''China is the
country now making a mark.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/01/technology/in-a-global-market-for-hacking-tale
nt-argentines-stand-out.html

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Federico Kirschbaum, left, and Francisco Amato, founders of
Infobyte, started the EkoParty conference. (B1)
 A man worked on his laptop at Varela-Varelita, a cafe in Palermo Soho, a
neighborhood of Buenos Aires with a concentration of technology start-ups.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY ALEJANDRO KIRCHUK FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B4)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              425 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                            November 9, 2010 Tuesday

Chevron buys RIL's shale gas ally

BYLINE: OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT

LENGTH: 541  words


Mumbai, Nov. 9: Chevron Corp and Reliance Industries Ltd have become partners
again - and this time it's in a shale gas venture in the US.

Chevron today announced that it would acquire Pittsburgh-based Atlas Energy Inc
in a $4.3-billion deal.

The San Ramon, California-based oil and refining giant will pay $3.2 billion in
cash for a 60 per cent participating interest in the 300,000 acre Marcellus
shale gas prospect in southwestern Pennsylvania. It will also assume a pro-forma
debt of $1.1 billion.

In April, Atlas Energy had signed a deal with Reliance Industries Ltd under
which a US subsidiary of the Mukesh Ambani-owned oil and refining behemoth
acquired a 40 per cent interest in the Marcellus shale for $339 million - or a
little over $14,000 an acre, which was considered steep at that time.

Reliance had agreed to pay an additional $1.36 billion under a carry arrangement
by funding 75 per cent of Atlas' capital costs over the development programme.

The Marcellus shale gas reserve is one of the natural gas reserves in the US
with the brightest potential after companies decided to harness new fracking
technology to exploit a gas resource, which was difficult to exploit
commercially.

Chevron said it would assume Atlas Energy's role as an operator of the Marcellus
shale acreage under the terms of the agreement reached today.

The Chevron statement said RIL would continue to fund 75 per cent of the
operator's drilling costs, up to $1.4 billion.

The Reliance spokesperson couldn't be reached to obtain the group's response to
the sudden development.

Chevron explained that the acquisition would provide it with an attractive
natural gas resource position primarily located in southwestern Pennsylvania's
Marcellus Shale.

"This acquisition is the right opportunity for Chevron," said George L.
Kirkland, Chevron vice-chairman.

According to Chevron, the deal will entitle it to almost 9 trillion cubic feet
of natural gas resource, which includes approximately 850 billion cubic feet of
proved natural gas reserves with approximately 80 million cubic feet of daily
natural gas production.

The sudden deal left a few questions unanswered. Reliance - which is sitting on
a cash mountain of $6.5 billion - has indicated its interest in buying more
shale gas assets in the US.

It is not known if Atlas Energy had approached Reliance before inking the deal
with Chevron. RIL had held the right of first offer with respect to potential
future sales by Atlas of around 280,000 additional Appalachian acres that were
not included in the joint venture agreement.

The participation and development agreement that RIL signed with Atlas Energy
also had a proviso under which the Ambani group company could "assume the role
of development operator for any or all of the joint interests" in the event of a
change in control at Atlas Energy.

If RIL decides to exercise this right, it must give a notice within 10 days of
the public announcement.

Old friends

Chevron had picked up a 5 per cent stake in Reliance Petroleum Ltd - the second
refinery in Jamnagar - in 2007 and had the option to pick up another 25 per
cent. This was never exercised, and it sold its stake in RPL to RIL after which
RPL was merged with the flagship company of the Mukesh D. Ambani group.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2010 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           December 15, 2005 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

P2P: ABERCROMBIE UPROAR

BYLINE: MICHELLE NIEHAUS

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; PEER TO PEER; Pg. F-7

LENGTH: 453 words


By Michelle Niehaus, 18, Peters Township High School

What kind of T-shirt are you? Are you senseless enough to wear a shirt that
says, "Available for parties," shallow enough to wear "Do I make you jealous?"
or dim-witted enough to ask the world, "Who needs a brain when you have these?"

As you might have heard, retailer Abercrombie & Fitch was responsible for
marketing shirts that plastered those and other PG-13-rated messages across the
front. Of course, Abercrombie used the defense that "sex sells." True, but with
shirts like these, what kind of values and morals is Abercrombie pushing upon
teenagers? To me, it sounds like morals that would lead one to a back alley in a
rundown area of town.

Some found the shirts so degrading that a "girl-cott," sponsored by the Women
and Girls Foundation of Southwest Pennsylvania, rallied on the streets in
Allegheny county, calling on women to stop shopping at Abercrombie & Fitch.
After the protest, some of the girls, including 13-year-old Jettie Fields from
Pittsburgh, went on the "Today" show to talk about the matter.

"The shirts' messages are really offensive to me," she said. "It really just
disgusts me. We would not want anyone exploiting us, so why would we exploit
ourselves?"

In some respects, it almost seems as if girls choose to buy these shirts and
exploit themselves in order to fulfill their ever-present egos. Only those with
such large egos would feel the need to purchase such shirts. Then, of course,
one might argue that it's not about ego, but instead simply about buying a shirt
with a funny saying. Yeah, these shirts are funny, but only because it's funny
that people would be so half-witted enough to buy them.

However, in some respects, it's a good thing that people are able to buy these
graphic T's. I think it's terrible that Abercrombie is pulling its line of
controversial graphic T-shirts, because how else are we supposed to tell the
imbeciles who buy these shirts from those who will not be subjected to such
degradation? After all, people do have a right to present themselves however
they'd like. If they wish to present themselves as the type to succumb to such a
low level, go ahead and let them. It's their choice. If someone is willing to
purchase this type of shirt, I'd like to know so I can steer clear of her, or
him, because these shirts greatly reflect the personalities and morals of those
who would buy them.

But, honestly, who in their right mind would pay an absurd amount of cash to
forfeit their dignity? Why would you want to present yourself in such a manner
that would only attract negative attention? Call me crazy, but I wouldn't. If
anything's for sure, you won't find me handing over money to buy one of these
shirts.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: MY GENERATION: For kids About kids By kids

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Martha Rial/Post-Gazette: Emma Blackman-Mathis, 16, of Highland
Park, pauses on the bus to New Albany, Ohio, to go over the presentation she and
other members of Allegheny County Girls as Grantmakers delivered to executives
at Abercrombie & Fitch.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              427 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2013 Saturday

Idaho: Coeur d'Alene Man Sentenced for Child Pornography Offense

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: Boise


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Idaho has issued the
following press release:

Brian Daniel Rowe, 28, of Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, was sentenced yesterday in
United States District Court to 33 months in prison followed by 10 years of
supervised release for possession of sexually explicit images of minors, U.S.
Attorney Wendy J. Olson announced. Senior U.S. District Judge Robert H. Whaley
also ordered Rowe to pay $1,500 in restitution to the victim. He pleaded guilty
to the charge on May 29, 2013.

According to the plea agreement, Rowe admitted that in July 2012, he possessed a
computer and a smart phone that contained more than 3,500 sexually explicit
images of minors. When interviewed by investigators, Rowe admitted to
downloading sexually explicit images of minors for years. Authorities were
alerted to Rowe's illegal behavior earlier in 2012, when they received
information that Rowe was making child pornography available to others on an
Internet peer-to-peer network. Investigators subsequently executed a search
warrant at Rowe's residence and seized computers and his smart phone.

"Those who victimize children by possessing and distributing images of children
being sexually abused will be identified, investigated and prosecuted," said
Olson. "Yesterday's sentence shows that those who sexually exploit our children
will spend significant time in prison. I commend the cooperative federal, state
and local law enforcement effort that brought Brian Rowe to justice."

The case was investigated by the Idaho Attorney General's Office, Meridian
Police Department, Coeur d'Alene Police Department, Nampa Police Department,
Kootenai County Prosecutor's Office, Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations
(HSI), and United States Secret Service. The agencies are members of the Idaho
Internet Crimes Against Children (ICAC) Task Force, a statewide coalition of
local, state and federal law enforcement and prosecution agencies focused on
apprehending and prosecuting individuals who use the Internet to criminally
exploit children. For more information about the Idaho ICAC Task Force and a
list of participating agencies, visit www.icacidaho.org.

This case was brought as part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide initiative
launched in May 2006 by the Department of Justice to combat the growing epidemic
of child sexual exploitation and abuse. Led by the United States Attorneys'
Offices and the Criminal Division's Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section,
Project Safe Childhood marshals federal, state, and local resources to locate,
apprehend, and prosecute individuals who sexually exploit children, and to
identify and rescue victims.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/id/

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2013 Saturday

Idaho: Coeur d'Alene Man Sentenced for Child Pornography Offense

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: Boise


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Idaho has issued the
following press release:

Brian Daniel Rowe, 28, of Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, was sentenced yesterday in
United States District Court to 33 months in prison followed by 10 years of
supervised release for possession of sexually explicit images of minors, U.S.
Attorney Wendy J. Olson announced. Senior U.S. District Judge Robert H. Whaley
also ordered Rowe to pay $1,500 in restitution to the victim. He pleaded guilty
to the charge on May 29, 2013.

According to the plea agreement, Rowe admitted that in July 2012, he possessed a
computer and a smart phone that contained more than 3,500 sexually explicit
images of minors. When interviewed by investigators, Rowe admitted to
downloading sexually explicit images of minors for years. Authorities were
alerted to Rowe's illegal behavior earlier in 2012, when they received
information that Rowe was making child pornography available to others on an
Internet peer-to-peer network. Investigators subsequently executed a search
warrant at Rowe's residence and seized computers and his smart phone.

"Those who victimize children by possessing and distributing images of children
being sexually abused will be identified, investigated and prosecuted," said
Olson. "Yesterday's sentence shows that those who sexually exploit our children
will spend significant time in prison. I commend the cooperative federal, state
and local law enforcement effort that brought Brian Rowe to justice."

The case was investigated by the Idaho Attorney General's Office, Meridian
Police Department, Coeur d'Alene Police Department, Nampa Police Department,
Kootenai County Prosecutor's Office, Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations
(HSI), and United States Secret Service. The agencies are members of the Idaho
Internet Crimes Against Children (ICAC) Task Force, a statewide coalition of
local, state and federal law enforcement and prosecution agencies focused on
apprehending and prosecuting individuals who use the Internet to criminally
exploit children. For more information about the Idaho ICAC Task Force and a
list of participating agencies, visit www.icacidaho.org.

This case was brought as part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide initiative
launched in May 2006 by the Department of Justice to combat the growing epidemic
of child sexual exploitation and abuse. Led by the United States Attorneys'
Offices and the Criminal Division's Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section,
Project Safe Childhood marshals federal, state, and local resources to locate,
apprehend, and prosecute individuals who sexually exploit children, and to
identify and rescue victims.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/id/

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bangkok Post

                            February 4, 2013 Monday

Ex-Marine charged with famed US sniper's death

LENGTH: 660  words


An Iraq war veteran believed to be suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder
has been charged with killing a former Navy SEAL whose exploits in the same
conflict were detailed in a best-selling book.

The funeral in Stamford, Connecticut, in 2011 of a US Navy SEAL killed in
Afghanistan. An Iraq war veteran believed to be suffering from post-traumatic
stress disorder has been charged with killing a former Navy SEAL whose exploits
in the same conflict were detailed in a best-selling book.

Chris Kyle, who wrote "American Sniper: The Autobiography of the Most Lethal
Sniper in U.S. Military History," and a second man were shot dead at a firing
range in Glen Rose, Texas on Saturday.

Kyle, 38, was credited with more than 150 confirmed kills during a decorated
decade-long service career that included four tours in Iraq. Since leaving the
SEALs he had helped run a support group for struggling ex-military personnel.

His memoir recounted battle experiences in Iraq in the rebel strongholds of
Ramadi and Fallujah, and he wrote how the Al-Qaeda militants whose comrades he
had gunned down dubbed him "The Devil," and that they put a bounty on his head.

The rebels of Iraq never tracked Kyle down but he nevertheless died at the end
of a gun in tragic circumstances, on American soil.

Captain Jason Upshaw of the Erath County Sheriff's Office told reporters on
Sunday that Kyle and a friend had taken Eddie Routh, a US Marine who had also
served in Iraq, to the shooting range.

Routh, 25, was formally charged on Sunday with two counts of capital murder in
connection with the deaths. "We lost two American heroes," Upshaw told
reporters, noting that the weapon thought to have been used in the incident, a
semi-automatic handgun, had been found at Routh's home.

Sheriff Tommy Bryant said Routh was believed to be suffering from "some type of
mental illness," or post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).

The suspected shooter's mother is believed to have contacted the veterans
support foundation that Kyle was involved with.

Kyle's death had earlier been confirmed by FITCO Cares, the group he helped
start which worked with returning soldiers who had PTSD.

"My heart is breaking," said FITCO's director, Travis Cox, noting that the
former sniper leaves a wife and two children.

"Chris died doing what he filled his heart with passion -- serving soldiers
struggling with the fight to overcome PTSD."

The US military confirmed on Sunday that Routh had seen active service with the
Marines in Iraq, but that he was currently listed as a reserve.

The Dallas Morning News wrote that Kyle was awarded two Silver Stars and five
Bronze Stars with Valor for his military service.

Kyle said in an interview with the daily about one year ago that he was born for
the work of a military marksman and at the age of 24 he took that step.

"When I grew up, I only had two dreams. One was to be a cowboy and another was
to be in the military. It wasn't exactly the SEALs I was looking for at the
time. I just wanted to go into the military and be the best."

The fatal shooting comes amid a raging and bitterly fought debate in the United
States over gun control, after several massacres in which publicly available
high-powered, military-style weapons have been used.

The issue of gun killings at the hands of people suffering from mental or
emotional illness has figured prominently in such arguments, with calls for
tighter background checks for gun owners.

In December, a mentally disturbed man killed 20 young children and six adults at
the Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut in a massacre that
shocked the nation.

President Barack Obama has since put gun control on his legislative agenda with
plans to ban assault rifles and high capacity magazines at its forefront.

The measures, however, are up against fierce opposition from gun advocates in
the United States, most notably the National Rifle Association, where the right
to bear arms is enshrined in the constitution.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          September 21, 2011 Wednesday

US company begins drilling in Cyprus' exclusive economic zone

LENGTH: 212 words


Text of report in English by Greek Cypriot news agency CNA

[Report by Thalia Neophytou: "Noble Energy Begins Drilling in Cyprus' EEZ"]

Nicosia, Sep 19 (CNA) -American company "Noble Energy" began last night drilling
in block 12 in Cyprus' Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ), to explore and exploit the
country's sub-sea natural resources, Director of Energy Service at the Ministry
of Commerce Solon Kassinis confirmed to CNA today.

Kassinis said that drilling takes place on a 24-hour basis and so far things are
proceeding well.

Cyprus has signed an agreement to delineate the Exclusive Economic Zone with
Egypt and Israel with a view to exploit any possible natural gas and oil
reserves in its EEZ. A similar agreement was signed with Lebanon but the
Lebanese Parliament has not yet ratified it.

Turkey, which occupies Cyprus' northern part since it invaded in 1974, has
threatened it would deploy warships in the Eastern Mediterranean, if drilling
takes places prior to a political settlement in Cyprus.

Houston-based company Noble Energy has a drilling rig off Cyprus' southern
coast. The company has a concession to explore for hydrocarbons in an offshore
field in Cyprus' EEZ, south of Cyprus, known as Block 12.

Source: Cyprus News Agency, Nicosia, in English 1300 gmt 19 Sep 11

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 10, 2007 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Courts: U.S. attorney says he will seek significant prison terms ;
Five men indicted in child porn

BYLINE: Johnny Johnson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 287 words

DATELINE: TULSA


TULSA - A federal grand jury in Tulsa returned five indictments this week
against area men who were found in possession of child pornography on their
computers.

All five indictments come after a case earlier this week, in which a Broken
Arrow man was ordered to serve eight years in prison for possession of child
pornography.

The cases will be prosecuted as of the Department of Justice's Project Safe
Childhood national initiative. It targets those who possess and distribute
materials that sexually exploit minors, the U.S. Attorney's office said.

U.S. Attorney David O'Meilia said that Under Project Safe Child, his office will
seek significant prison terms for those who exploit children via the Internet.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Susan Morgan said she was hesitant to attribute the
spike in cases to any one factor. "I don't know that we've actually sat down and
looked at any reasons behind the numbers," Morgan said.

Indicted this week were:

Glenn Burwick, 45, of Sand Springs charged with possession and receiving child
pornography after an investigation by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.

Carl Robert Watkins, 53, of Sand Springs charged with possessing child
pornography following an investigation by U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement.

Nathan Craig Thompson, 27, of Tulsa charged with possession, after an
investigation by the FBI Innocent Images Task Force.

William Don Woods, 30, of Claremore charged with possession and receiving child
pornography after a joint investigation by Claremore police and a cyber crimes
unit from the Tulsa Police Department.

Richard Dale Yohn, 58, of Tulsa charged with possession of child pornography
after an investigation by the FBI Innocent Images Task Force.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              June 6, 2004 Sunday
                                 Idaho Edition

Kesey's 'Cuckoo's Nest' book selection for June;
Novel based on author's experience at VA hospital

BYLINE: Dan Webster Staff writer

SECTION: F; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 982 words


Ken Kesey seemed intent on making sure that history would dismiss his writing.

We're fortunate, then, that Kesey's literary talents were good enough that his
exploits as a celebrity of the 1960s never quite overshadowed what he managed to
put down on paper.

The one-time University of Oregon wrestler, who died in 2001 at age 66 following
cancer surgery, saw his first two novels go to print before he was even 30: "One
Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" in 1962 and "Sometimes a Great Notion" (his
masterpiece) two years later.

Yet he didn't complete a third, "Sailor Song," until 1992. For many of those
years, Kesey was better known for being a member of the counterculture group the
Merry Pranksters, who in 1964 toured the country in a garishly colored school
bus named "Further." (Tom Wolfe wrote about their exploits in his 1968 essay
"The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test.")

Of Kesey's first three books, "Cuckoo's Nest" is the best known. Not only is the
novel well written, it tackles an important issue: the treatment of mental
patients at the midpoint of the 20th century.

Maybe more important, though, the novel was made into a 1975 Oscar-winning movie
directed by Milos Forman and starring Jack Nicholson - a film, by the way, that
Kesey hated.

And because it deserves to be separated from the film, and to be judged on its
own merits, we have chosen "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" as the June
selection of The Spokesman-Review Book Club.

It's not as if Kesey set out to sabotage his reputation as a writer of serious
fiction. By all accounts, he was simply a spirit too restless to be reined in by
the expectations of others.

A Colorado native, Kesey was just 8 years old when he moved to his grandparents'
farm in Springfield, Ore. He attended the university in nearby Eugene where,
from 1955-57, he posted a wrestling record of 28-6-2.

After graduation he devoted the same kind of determination to writing. He turned
out to be good enough to win a fellowship to Stanford, where he was part of a
crowd that included such notable talents as Robert Stone ("Dog Soldiers") and
Larry McMurtry ("Lonesome Dove").

"One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" is based on Kesey's own experiences as a
worker in a Palo Alto, Calif., Veteran's Administration hospital. At its core,
the novel is, as The New York Times said, "a glittering parable of good and
evil."

Kesey tells the story of an iconoclast, the red-haired Irishman Randle Patrick
McMurphy, who, given the choice of going to jail or spending time in a mental
institution, chooses the latter. Pretty soon, though, he finds himself battling
with the evil Nurse Ratched.

If McMurphy is the quintessential rebel, Nurse Ratched serves as hall monitor
for the forces of conformity.

Take the scene in which McMurphy first bonds with the novel's narrator, Chief
Bromden:

" 'Mr. McMurry, Could you come here please?'

"It's the big nurse. That black boy with the thermometer has gone and got her.
She stands there tapping that thermometer against her wrist watch, eyes whirring
while she tries to gauge this new man. Her hips are in that triangle shape, like
a doll's lips ready for a fake nipple.

" 'Aide Williams tells me, Mr. McMurry, that you've been somewhat difficult
about your admission shower. Is this true? Please understand. I appreciate the
way you've taken it upon yourself to orient with the other patients on the ward,
but everything in its own good time, Mr. McMurry. I'm sorry to interrupt you and
Mr. Bromden, but you do understand: everyone ? must follow the rules.'

"He tips his head back and gives that wink that she isn't fooling him any more
than I did, that he's onto her. He looked up at her with one eye for a minute.

" 'Ya know, ma'am,' he says. 'Ya know - that is the ex-act thing somebody always
tells me about the rules ?'

"He grins. They both smile back and forth at each other, sizing each other up.

" '? just when they figure I'm about to do the dead opposite.' "

"Cuckoo's Nest" ends up being a battle of heavyweights, though it's ultimately
an unfair contest. When confronted by nonconformists, society either bends them
to its will, or it destroys them.

And McMurphy doesn't have it in his nature to bend.

In his introduction to the Penguin Classics edition, college professor Robert
Faggen makes it clear that "Cuckoo's Nest" is a book that reflects the
insecurity of the time in which it was written:

"Confinement, control and loneliness had been the words defining the dark moods
of the Cold War, still at its chilliest when Kesey entered Stanford. Though
(Sen. Joseph) McCarthy himself had failed, HUAC, the House Committee on
Un-American Activities, was interrogating college professors and others about
their political loyalties. The specter of communism, so elusive and, therefore,
so difficult to control, produced a culture of suspicion and silences; those
with something to hide and those who feared being misunderstood."

Whatever drove him to write "Cuckoo's Nest," and then the massive "Sometimes a
Great Notion" immediately afterward, Kesey seemed to lose something in that
great gush of creativity.

Over the next couple of decades, his fans waited. And waited.

But the next novel didn't come. Projects were announced. And abandoned. Kesey
taught and he talked and he had kids and he lived and he wrote.

Yet he stayed in the spotlight because of his association with the Pranksters,
who were every bit a symbol of the '60s as "Cuckoo's Nest" was a rejection of
the '50s.

Kesey did publish again. "Kesey's Garage Sale" was a collection of short pieces
and interviews. "Demon Box" was a blend of short fiction with a strong
nonfiction voice. "Little Tricker the Squirrel Meets Big Double the Bear" was a
children's story.

And so on.

Nothing Kesey wrote, though, matched the quality of those first two books.

That's his legacy every bit as much as his treks across the country in a
day-glo-colored school bus.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column: The Spokesman-Review Book Club

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              433 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                            January 8, 2009 Thursday

Taking a global economy time out

BYLINE: Matt Horns/For the Times-Standard

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 509 words


Am I the only person who welcomes the current economic slowdown?

At the dawn of the 21st century, minions of the multinational corporations
convinced many of us that the emerging "global economy" based on energy
consumption-as-usual promised to enrich everyone with money. All we needed to do
was seize natural resources from throughout the world from those who owned them
(mostly desperately poor societies) and ship them to those that could process
them cheaply (other desperately poor societies) and produce exorbitant profits
for executives and shareholders. This worldwide scandal is very present here in
California.

For the last decade or so California's housing costs have skyrocketed well
beyond anyone's reasonable tolerances. Bloated land development proposals
including but not limited to Newhall Ranch and Tejon Ranch have threatened our
dry climate's dwindling groundwater resources and outdated infrastructure's
capacity to deliver water and power to residents.

The "energy consumption-as-usual" mantra has driven severe pressure to exploit
domestic fossil fuel deposits in Alaska, the Great Basin, the Rocky Mountains,
and here in California's offshore waters.

The bogus assumption is that more and more private vehicles must be accommodated
regardless whether they plan to threaten or reverse our longstanding commitment
to preserve our state's most precious natural enclaves (state parks, national
park, and marine reserves).

Although a few concessions are being considered, future water allotments from
California's most valuable and productive watercourses (check out what's
happening with the Sacramento River, Klamath River, or Central Delta) threaten
our state's most valuable natural resources, our wetlands.

The current economic "crisis" reduces pressure to destroy tropical rainforests
in South America, Africa, Southeast Asia, and Indonesia. It reduces motivation
to exploit new fossil fuel reserves in Alaska's ANWAR, the Rocky Mountain
states, the U.S. West and East coasts, Canada, and benthic marine methane
deposits that support a significant percentage of tropical and sub-tropical
marine ecosystems.

The "housing crisis" reduces home prices and rental rates in the U.S. that up
until now have been extremely cumbersome on many if not most middle- and
low-income residents throughout the developed and developing world.

The slowdown in home construction reduces pressure to log (devastate)
forestlands in the pacific Northwest, Canada, and Southeast Alaska. This sets
U.S. and Canadian National Forest Services back on track to preserve their
incredibly productive forestlands' ability to provide clean water, salmon
populations, and other precious natural resources.

Rather than thinking of this "economic downturn" as a problem, I regard it as a
chance to take a global economy "time out" in which we reassess our priorities
and re-engineer our society to one of economic frugality, environmental
stewardship, and social responsibility.

Please, let's not squander this opportunity.

____________________

Matt Horns resides in Blue Lake.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                               November 03, 2005

Cisco warns holes in IOS, WLAN and IPS gear

BYLINE: Phil Hochmuth

LENGTH: 759 words


Cisco this week issued three separate security advisories, warning customers of
potential vulnerabilities in IOS-based products

and WLAN gear.

The most critical IOS hole, tied to exploits revealed during a controversial IOS
hacking presentation made at this summer's

Black Hat USA Conference, could allow attackers to use a Cisco router to run
whatever programs or software code they choose.

The WLAN issue involves an integration problem between Cisco access points and
WLAN AP controllers from Airespace, which Cisco

acquired in January. This bug could result in someone using a Cisco AP to launch
attacks on a secured WLAN.

A third IOS problem involves a communication glitch between IOS routers running
IPS features and management software, which

could results in malicious traffic slipping into a network.

All three of the bugs were found by Cisco's own security research team.

The IOS flaw, rated "critical" by the French Security Incident Response Team,
has to do with the system timers that IOS uses

to run certain operating system tasks. Under certain conditions, attackers may
be able to take control of the router by tricking

the system timers to run malicious code, Cisco said in a security advisory.

The IOS glitch was discovered "as a result of continued research to the
demonstration of the exploit of another vulnerability

which occurred in July 2005 at the Black Hat USA Conference," Cisco's security
advisory states. This exploit was revealed

by former ISS security researcher Michael Lynn at Black Hat, even after his
employer and Cisco pulled the presentation from

the event. Cisco eventually got a court order to stop Lynn from talking about
the flaw. Lynn resigned from ISS the week of

the conference.

The weakness Lynn detailed involved a flaw in IOS that allows routers running
IPv6 to be tricked into running outside code.

To take over a Cisco router, attackers would need to successfully take advantage
of both the earlier IPv6 problem and the

system timer bug disclosed today, said John Noh, a Cisco spokesman. "In order to
exploit the issue we're talking about today,

you needed an additional way to attack," he said.

WLAN integration issues

The WLAN glitch Cisco details could affect users that deploying Cisco APs that
are controlled by Airespace WLAN controller

products. In such a setup, the Airespace controller would provide security,
authentication and network management control

for the APs, which operate basically as radios.

The products involved include Cisco 1200 1131 and 1240 series APs running
Lightweight Access Point Protocol (LWAPP), and Cisco

2000 and 4400 series Airespace Wireless WLAN Controllers.  In this scenario, an
attacker could use the Airespace-controlled

APs as a springboard for sending malicious traffic into an organizations secured
WLAN. This attack would involve spoofing

the MAC address of a machine already authenticated on the WLAN, so such an
attack would probably involve someone with access

to the corporate network.

Cisco says that customers using Airespace controllers to manage Cisco APs could
switch the APs from LWAPP mode to "autonomous"

mode, which would close this vulnerability. In autonomous mode, APs run either
IOS or a VxWorks operating system and act as

stand-alone endpoints, which must be configured individually. Users can also
upgrade the software on the Airespace WLAN controller,

which will fix the problem.

IPS bug

The third security notice Cisco issued this week involves IOS-based routers
running an intrusion prevention system (IPS) features,

which are configured via the Cisco VPN/Security Management Solution (VMS)
software and Cisco Management Center for IPS Sensors

(IPS MC).

This problem involves the updating of IPS signatures -- keys that allow the
device to recognize known malicious traffic patterns

-- from IPS MC to the IOS-based device running the IPS service. In some cases,
IPS signatures could be sent from the management

software to the router, but not enabled. This could allow malicious traffic to
pass through the router, even though IPS services

appear to be running normally.

Cisco has issued software fixes for all vulnerabilities outlined in the three
security notices.

Cisco Security Advisory: IOS Heap-based Overflow Vulnerability in System Timers

Cisco Security Advisory: Cisco Airespace Wireless LAN Controllers Allow
Unencrypted Network Access

Cisco Security Advisory: Cisco IPS MC Malformed Configuration Download
Vulnerability

The IDG News Service contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Network World, Inc.


                              435 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                              March 9, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Hockey violence a losing strategy

BYLINE: Ken Gray, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: EDITORIAL/OPINION; Guest Column; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 898  words


Like many people a few days, I spent a fair amount of time discussing the
pugilistic exploits of the Buffalo Sabres and Ottawa Senators.

One puzzled e-mail came from out-of-town friends who saw something about the
fisticuffs on CNN Headline News.

What was peculiar about the message was that it was from Knoxville, Tenn., not
exactly a hotbed of hockey. There is more ice in the bottom of glasses there
than on rinks.

But the rinky-dink antics of the National Hooligan League caught the attention
of Jim and Eve Falen, a lovely couple I came to know on a trip through Spain and
Portugal a few years ago. Jim is a retired Russian literature professor at the
University of Tennessee while Eve taught French at a private school -- not
exactly the NHL demographic, though they have been among the 100,000 or so who
attend the university's Volunteer football games.

Nevertheless, news of our fight nights travelled to Tennessee, where the only
lonely outpost of the NHL resides down the road in Nashville. And that club has
been voted by pundits as most likely to move north, given its dicey attendance
figures.

All this is by way of saying, what kind of publicity does the NHL and hockey
want? Obviously, the Sabres-Senators tilts received wide exposure across the
continent, but it just reinforces the perception across the United States that
it is but a game of thugs. Last week at least, the cementheads were winning.

BRAWLING FESTIVITIES

If you adhere to the theory that any publicity is good publicity, the brawling
festivities helped the NHL. But that's rather the Paris Hilton school of PR. Her
tacky exploits are often newsworthy, but would you buy anything from her or pay
to see her? Not likely. You can get her for free on the Internet and elsewhere.
She's just publicity for publicity's sake; it doesn't matter whether the news is
good or not. She is to panache what the Leafs are to hockey.

No, the Paris Hilton hockey league persists in allowing all sorts of violence
that does a disservice to the game. In contrast, is there a more beautiful,
exciting sport than hockey when it is played well?

European hockey nations are baffled by our adherence to on-ice violence.
Americans have stopped taking hockey seriously. Its television ratings hover
around those of harness racing and Parcheesi. Traditionally good hockey towns
such as Chicago and Boston have acres of empty arena seats.

Were that Sabres' centre Chris Drury's head was hard as those in the NHL's
marketing office. He suffered a concussion when the rock-hard shoulder pad of
Senators' forward Chris Neil hammered his skull, knocking off his helmet and
bouncing his head off the ice. He was cut for 20 stitches and last word had it
that he could not see out of one eye for the swelling. He's out of the lineup
indefinitely.

Other leagues have banned hits to the head, but the tough melons of the NHL have
just talked about it. Meanwhile, good players such as Drury fall by the wayside,
Pittsburgh's Sidney Crosby calls for protection and goalies are run over with
impunity. Neil, rightly according to league rules, didn't get a penalty for the
Drury hit, but the NHL must do something about head shots. Then he'd get
discipline.

The resulting mayhem last Thursday was the pathetic message that travelled by
CNN to Tennessee and the rest of the continent. The Sabres sent out a bunch of
gorillas to trash the Senators' skill players and even sent a goon after
tough-guy goalie Ray Emery.

Subsequently, the plot unfolded like a bad gothic novel. The old "code" of
hockey was brought out -- you don't go after the goalie or the skill players
with your thugs. Nevertheless, hockey announcers revelled in the mayhem.

SATURDAY REMATCH

And thus the Saturday rematch at Scotiabank Place was the most anticipated game
of the year. I was ready to put in my mouthguard for fear of losing a couple of
Chiclets. And I was just watching on TV. Why, 1,000 knuckle-draggers over
capacity went out to Kanata to attend the game.

The game lived up to its billing. Our good tough guys beat their bad tough guys
and the locals even won the game. It was laughable in its predictability.

So what is there to say after this sad episode? Well, hockey is ruining itself
because it allows cheap shots and carnival-sideshow fighting. Were that it was
that innocent. In a market it really wants, the U.S., the sport is treated as an
afterthought. Americans are voting with their feet and television remotes.
Violence is short-term gain in interest for long-term losses in marketing
strategy. The sport's legitimacy is in question in some areas.

Meanwhile, skilled stars are falling to violence. Those stars sell hockey.

Frankly, were I watching these two Ottawa-Buffalo matches with youngsters, I
couldn't justify the on-ice antics. Neither could NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman.

Sooner or later, someone will get killed on the ice from a violent act --
today's muscle-bound practitioners are that strong, the sticks and equipment
that hard and some players that vicious. There but for the grace of God goes
Chris Drury. Then municipal authorities will have difficulty ignoring
infractions that receive leeway on the ice but would get you thrown out of a
neighbourhood tavern and charged. It's something for our new police chief to
consider.

Ken Gray is the city editorial page editor and a member of the Ottawa Citizen
editorial board.

E-mail: kgray@thecitizen.canwest.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

Michigan: After the Flood: Schuette Shares Consumer Tips to Avoid Home Repair
Scams

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Attorney General Bill Schuette today issued a consumer alert with tips for
southeast Michigan residents facing damage from recent flooding. The alert,
which Schuette issued through his Consumer Protection Division, offers tips on
avoiding scam artists and criminals who exploit emergency situations, hiring a
contractor for flood repairs and reporting possible price gouging.

"After a disaster like this week's floods, people just want to get back to
normal.  Unfortunately, in the wake of tragedy, criminals and scam artists will
exploit otherwise careful consumers," said Schuette. "I encourage consumers to
follow these tips to avoid falling victim to a flood of scams."

Schuette noted that consumers affected by a flood will understandably want to
complete home repairs as soon as possible to restore their lives to a sense of
normalcy.  However, in order to avoid falling victim to scams or unscrupulous
contractors, Schuette encourages consumers to take time to research businesses
or contractors before hiring anyone to do repairs at a home or business.

Do Your Homework Before Hiring a Contractor to Repair Flood Damage

Schuette's Consumer Alert recommends the following six consumer tips for hiring
a water clean-up company or contractor:

1.   Talk to your insurance agent or company.  Carefully review your homeowner's
or automobile insurance policy to determine what damage may be covered and the
amount of your deductible.  Then, call your  insurance agent or company, and
write down questions you have and the answers that you are provided, along with
a list of whom you talked to and when.  Take photos of any water damage to your
home and contents.  Make a list of damaged or lost items, including their age
and value.

2.   Check the contractor's complaint history by calling the Attorney General's
Consumer Protection Division (toll free) at 1-877-765-8388, and contacting the
Better Business Bureau, 248-223-9400.

3.   For home repairs, ask if the contractor is licensed and insured, and demand
to see proof.  Taking this step may help you distinguish between legitimate
contractors and unlicensed scam artists offering to "save you money" by
performing work that requires a license without proper credentials.

For further information please visit: http://www.michigan.gov/minewswire

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 11, 2011 Sunday

Cruz: Big Blue can beat Dallas DBs

BYLINE: Paul Schwartz

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 74

LENGTH: 459 words


GIANTS NOTES

ARLINGTON, Texas - Before facing the Packers, Giants receiver Victor Cruz
mentioned Green Bay's cornerbacks often gambled and played extra-aggressively,
which the Giants could use to their advantage with big plays in the passing
game.

Cruz's assessment turned out to be dead-on, as quarterback Eli Manning ravaged
the Packers secondary in a 38-35 loss. Cruz this week turned his focus to the
Cowboys defensive backfield and once again has noticed a vulnerability he
believes the Giants can exploit tonight at Cowboys Stadium.

"Watching the film we see a lot of different things,'' Cruz said. "They like to
mix it up, play a lot of different coverages but we definitely see some areas of
weakness early on and some things we can clue in on and really exploit.

"I think it's basically confusing them with different routes, tandem routes on
one side, maybe confusing them and running some switch routes and different
things like that. I think once you start throwing different routes at them,
different route combinations at them, they tend to get confused and they lose
some men in coverage sometimes.''

The Cowboys are ranked 14th in the NFL in pass defense.

Manning tonight makes his 116th consecutive start, matching Ron Jaworski for the
third-longest starting streak in NFL history, trailing just Brett Favre (297
games) and Peyton Manning, whose 208-game streak ended at the start of this
season.   Second-year DT Linval Joseph is coming off his strongest game, a
nine-tackle outing vs. the Packers. Primarily a run-stopper, Joseph will be
needed tonight against RB DeMarco Murray.

"His best game, without a doubt,'' defensive coordinator Perry Fewell said of
Joseph's performance last week. "He was hustling all over the field. He was a
man that played with passion and played with fire. And we had been looking for
that from Linval all year long. We look for that Sunday in Dallas.''

Deon Grant is expected to start at safety in place of injured Kenny Phillips,
who did not make the trip to Dallas, but rookie Tyler Sash will get plenty of
work, especially in coverage situations.

Thanks to Drew Brees and Aaron Rodgers, the Giants were torched for eight
touchdown passes in the past two games. It's the first time they've allowed that
many scoring passes in a two-game span since Nov. 30 to Dec. 7, 1952, when Jim
Finks of the Steelers and Eddie LeBaron of the Redskins combined for eight TD
passes.

The Cowboys have lost their last five Sunday night games.   Perhaps running the
ball isn't all that crucial to the Giants. They rushed for 100 yards last week
vs. the Packers but lost. The Giants this season had won their first four games
in which they ran for 100 or more yards.

paul.schwartz@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 11, 2011 Sunday

Cruz: Big Blue can beat Dallas DBs

BYLINE: Paul Schwartz

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 74

LENGTH: 459 words


GIANTS NOTES

ARLINGTON, Texas - Before facing the Packers, Giants receiver Victor Cruz
mentioned Green Bay's cornerbacks often gambled and played extra-aggressively,
which the Giants could use to their advantage with big plays in the passing
game.

Cruz's assessment turned out to be dead-on, as quarterback Eli Manning ravaged
the Packers secondary in a 38-35 loss. Cruz this week turned his focus to the
Cowboys defensive backfield and once again has noticed a vulnerability he
believes the Giants can exploit tonight at Cowboys Stadium.

"Watching the film we see a lot of different things,'' Cruz said. "They like to
mix it up, play a lot of different coverages but we definitely see some areas of
weakness early on and some things we can clue in on and really exploit.

"I think it's basically confusing them with different routes, tandem routes on
one side, maybe confusing them and running some switch routes and different
things like that. I think once you start throwing different routes at them,
different route combinations at them, they tend to get confused and they lose
some men in coverage sometimes.''

The Cowboys are ranked 14th in the NFL in pass defense.

Manning tonight makes his 116th consecutive start, matching Ron Jaworski for the
third-longest starting streak in NFL history, trailing just Brett Favre (297
games) and Peyton Manning, whose 208-game streak ended at the start of this
season.   Second-year DT Linval Joseph is coming off his strongest game, a
nine-tackle outing vs. the Packers. Primarily a run-stopper, Joseph will be
needed tonight against RB DeMarco Murray.

"His best game, without a doubt,'' defensive coordinator Perry Fewell said of
Joseph's performance last week. "He was hustling all over the field. He was a
man that played with passion and played with fire. And we had been looking for
that from Linval all year long. We look for that Sunday in Dallas.''

Deon Grant is expected to start at safety in place of injured Kenny Phillips,
who did not make the trip to Dallas, but rookie Tyler Sash will get plenty of
work, especially in coverage situations.

Thanks to Drew Brees and Aaron Rodgers, the Giants were torched for eight
touchdown passes in the past two games. It's the first time they've allowed that
many scoring passes in a two-game span since Nov. 30 to Dec. 7, 1952, when Jim
Finks of the Steelers and Eddie LeBaron of the Redskins combined for eight TD
passes.

The Cowboys have lost their last five Sunday night games.   Perhaps running the
ball isn't all that crucial to the Giants. They rushed for 100 yards last week
vs. the Packers but lost. The Giants this season had won their first four games
in which they ran for 100 or more yards.

paul.schwartz@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                           November 9, 1999, Tuesday

'WHEN WE HURT THE OCEAN, WE HURT OURSELVES'; Champion of the seas sounds alarm

BYLINE: BRIAN FEAGANS, Staff Writer

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 1B, 2B

LENGTH: 681 words


You might say the ocean chose Sylvia Earle that day in 1939.

Just 3 years old, she was bowled over by a giant wave crashing into the New
Jersey shoreline.

"I was panicked because I couldn't touch the bottom and I couldn't breathe," she
said Monday during a visit to the University of North Carolina at Wilmington
campus. "My mother was terrified . . . but I got back up and ran right back in."

It would be the last time Dr. Earle turned her back on the ocean.

A pioneering marine researcher, Dr. Earle has become a voice for all things in
saltwater, whether it's the "trash" fish she studied on Florida shrimp boats or
the seaweed that was the center of her research at Duke University.

The ocean is "the cornerstone of our life support system," she said Monday night
before a full house at UNCW's Warwick Center Ballroom.

Yet it is being polluted and overfished at a alarming rate, said Dr. Earle, who
is currently researching a dozen marine sanctuaries rimming North America as
National Geo|graphic's explorer-in-residence.

"When do we get the concept that what we do to nature, we do to ourselves?" she
said during an interview earlier in the day. "When we hurt the ocean, we hurt
ourselves."

Since her first dive at age 16, Dr. Earle has logged the equivalent of 250 full
days underwater.

In 1964, she was the only woman on a 70-member research crew that took a
six-week expedition aboard Harry Truman's old presidential yacht.

"I liked the odds," she joked.

And shortly after astronauts provided earthlings with the first worldview from
space , Dr. Earle was one of five women giving the planet a glimpse of its
"innerspace" as part of NASA's Tektite II program, a two-week stint in an
underwater research station 50 feet deep.

Since then, she has made several high-profile dives, including a solo untethered
walk on the Pacific Ocean floor at 3,000 feet, still a world record.

At 64, she still has the fire that, as an outspoken chief scientist at the
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, earned her the nickname
"Sturgeon General."

The appointed boards that manage U.S. fisheries are far too lax, she said,
pointing out that more than 100 species are in bad shape.

"We've got the foxes watching the henhouse," she said. "Their track record to
date has been exploit, exploit, exploit."

She called encouraging recent indications that panels like the South Atlantic
Fishery Management Council may install preserves where fishing is banned.

But the jury is still out on whether those plans will come to fruition, she
said.

"I'll be thrilled down to the tips of my flippers if they come out with policies
that actually protect the assets rather than exploit them," she said.

Responsibility also lies on the shore, where communities must develop strategies
to keep phosphorus, nitrogen and other nutrients from bleeding off the landscape
and fueling harmful algal blooms.

Dr. Earle is constantly pushing for greater research of the seas, more than 95
percent of which remains unexplored.

"It's a bit like taking the census of North America by taking a dragnet across
New York City," she said.

She lauded UNCW for being what she called a world leader in marine research.

The university operates the Aquarius, an underwater research lab in Florida
analogous to the space station.

And next year, UNCW will open up the doors to a new Center for Marine Science
Research, part of a growing network that stretches from St. Croix to Belize.

In light of the heavy nutrient load coming off farms and city streets, the best
data might be close to home.

"It's like a laboratory that's right here in your back yard," she said.

Dr. Earle, who owns a company that designs submersibles and even has time to
write children's books, said the key to a turnaround lies in educating the next
generation of the ocean's beauty and benefits.

Even so, time is running short, she said.

A generation from now, she said, "I suspect they will wonder what took us so
long to wake up to the reality of what's happening to the seas."


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff photo / JEFFREY S. OTTO. Dr. Sylvia Earle talks with a reporter
Monday about her ocean research career, before giving a speech at UNCW in which
she warned that we are undermining 'the cornerstone of our life-support system.'

                   Copyright 1999 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              440 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 23, 2013 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Playing for All Kinds of Possibilities

BYLINE: By DAVID DOBBS

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Science Desk; MIND; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1206 words


When it comes to play, humans don't play around.

Other species play, but none play for as much of their lives as humans do, or as
imaginatively, or with as much protection from the family circle. Human children
are unique in using play to explore hypothetical situations rather than to
rehearse actual challenges they'll face later. Kittens may pretend to be cats
fighting, but they will not pretend to be children; children, by contrast, will
readily pretend to be cats or kittens -- and then to be Hannah Montana, followed
by Spider-Man saving the day.

And in doing so, they develop some of humanity's most consequential faculties.
They learn the art, pleasure and power of hypothesis -- of imagining new
possibilities. And serious students of play believe that this helps make the
species great.

The idea that play contributes to human success goes back at least a century.
But in the last 25 years or so, researchers like Elizabeth S. Spelke, Brian
Sutton-Smith, Jaak Panksepp and Alison Gopnik have developed this notion more
richly and tied it more closely to both neuroscience and human evolution. They
see play as essential not just to individual development, but to humanity's
unusual ability to inhabit, exploit and change the environment.

Dr. Gopnik, author of ''The Scientist in the Crib'' and ''The Philosophical
Baby,'' and a professor of psychology at the University of California, Berkeley,
has been studying the ways that children learn to assess their environment
through play. Lately she has focused on the distinction between ''exploring''
new environments and ''exploiting'' them. When we're quite young, we are more
willing to explore, she finds; adults are more inclined to exploit.

To exploit, one leans heavily on lessons (and often unconscious rules) learned
earlier -- so-called prior biases. These biases are useful to adults because
they save time and reduce error: By going to the restaurant you know is good,
instead of the new place across town, you increase the chance that you'll enjoy
the evening.

Most adults are slow to set such biases aside; young children fling them away
like bad fruit.

Dr. Gopnik shows this brilliantly with a game she invented with the psychologist
David Sobel (her student, now a professor at Brown). In the game, which has the
fetching name Blickets, players try to figure out what it is that makes an
otherwise undistinguished clay figure a blicket. In some scenarios you can win
even if you're applying a prior bias. In others you can't.

Last summer I joined Dr. Gopnik behind a wall of one-way glass to watch her lab
manager, Sophie Bridgers, play the game with an extremely alert 5-year-old,
Esther.

Seated at a child-size table, Esther leaned forward on her elbows to watch as
Ms. Bridgers brought out a small bin of clay shapes and told her that some of
them were blickets but most were not.

''You cannot tell which ones are blickets by looking at them. But the ones that
are blickets have blicketness inside. And luckily,'' Ms. Bridgers went on,
holding up a box with a red plastic top, ''I have my machine. Blicketness makes
my machine turn on and play music.''

It's a ruse, of course. The box responds not to the clay shapes but to a switch
under the table controlled by Ms. Bridgers.

Now came the challenge. This version of the blicket game, which Gopnik developed
in collaboration with Berkeley colleagues Christopher Lucas and Tom Griffiths,
can be played by either of two rules, called ''and'' and ''or.'' The ''or''
version is easier: When a blicket is placed atop the machine, it will light the
machine up whether placed there by itself or with other pieces. It is either a
blicket or it isn't; it doesn't depend on the presence of any other object.

In the ''and'' trial, however, a blicket reveals its blicketness only if both it
and another blicket are placed on the machine; and it will light up the box even
if it and the other blicket are accompanied by a non-blicket. It can be harder
than it sounds, and this is the game that Esther played.

First, Ms. Bridgers put each of three clay shapes on the box individually --
rectangle, then triangle, then a bridge. None activated the machine. Then she
put them on the box in three successive combinations.

1. Rectangle and triangle: No response.

2. Rectangle and bridge: Machine lighted up and played a tune!

3. Triangle and bridge: No response.

Ms. Bridgers then picked up each piece in turn and asked Esther whether it was a
blicket. I had been indulging my adult (and journalistic) prior bias for
recorded observation by filling several pages with notes and diagrams, and I
started flipping frantically through my notebook.

I was still looking when Esther, having given maybe three seconds' thought to
the matter, correctly identified all three. The rectangle? ''A blicket,'' she
said. Triangle? A shake of the head: No. Bridge? ''A blicket.'' A 5-year-old had
instantly discerned a rule that I recognized only after Dr. Gopnik explained it
to me.

Esther, along with most other 4- and 5-year-olds tested, bested not just me but
most of 88 California undergraduates who took the ''and'' test. We educated
grown-ups failed because our prior biases dictated that we play the game by the
more common and efficient ''or'' rule.

''Or'' rules apply far more often in actual life, when a thing's essence seldom
depends on another object's presence. An arrow's utility may depend on a bow,
but its identity as an arrow does not. Since the ''or'' rule is more likely
correct and simpler to use, I grabbed it and clung.

Esther, however, quickly ditched the ''or'' rule and hit upon the far less
likely ''and'' rule. Such low-probability hypotheses often fail. But children,
like adventurous scientists in a lab, will try these wild ideas anyway, because
even if they fail, they often produce interesting results.

Esther and her twin brother, Benny (who played another version of the game),
generated low-probability hypotheses as fast as I could breathe. ''Maybe if you
turn it over and put it on the other end!'' ''Let's put all three on!'' They
were hypothesis machines. Their mother, Wendy Wolfson (who is a science writer),
told me they're like this all the time. ''It's like living with a pair of
especially inquisitive otters.''

Alas, Dr. Gopnik said, this trait peaks around 4 or 5. After that, we gradually
take less interest in seeing what happens and more in getting it right.

Yet this playlike spirit of speculation and exploration does stay with us, both
as individuals and as a species. Studies suggest that free, self-directed play
in safe environments enhances resilience, creativity, flexibility, social
understanding, emotional and cognitive control, and resistance to stress,
depression and anxiety. And we continue to explore as adults, even if not so
freely. That's how we got to the Internet, the moon, and Dr. Gopnik's lab.

Finally, in the long game of evolution, Dr. Gopnik and some of her fellow
scientists hypothesize that humans' extended period of imaginative play, along
with the traits it develops, has helped select for the big brain and rich neural
networks that characterize Homo sapiens. This may strike you either as a
low-probability or a high-probability hypothesis. But it certainly seems worth
playing with.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/23/science/zeal-for-play-may-have-propelled-human
-evolution.html

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Esther and Benny, both 4, play  Blickets with Sophie Bridges
in a lab. Children, lacking prior  biases, excel in the game,   based on
associations, but  adults flunk it. A video of them  playing, and an interview
with   David Dobbs, can be seen at  nytimes.com/science. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY GOPNIK
LAB, UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, BERKELEY)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              441 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 27, 2013, Thursday

Social network updates target vacationers

BYLINE: Richard Burnett, Orlando Sentinel (MCT)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2A

LENGTH: 774 words


ORLANDO, Fla. - As people head off on summer vacations, they should be aware
that con artists have come up with a new twist on an old financial fraud - the
"grandparent scam" - that exploits the information tourists post on the Internet
during their travel adventures.

Using data from social networking sites, such as vacation photos posted on
Facebook, criminals are targeting the vacationers' family members - particularly
the elderly ones - with bogus calls about loved ones injured, jailed or
otherwise caught in a jam during their trips.

Hundreds of Floridians were persuaded last year alone to wire huge sums of money
to "rescue" their relatives from nonexistent predicaments, according to one
money transfer company. The scam, which targets travelers and relatives of all
ages, amounts to millions of dollars a year nationwide.

"When families go on vacation, they don't do their relatives any favors when
they post Facebook pictures and tell everyone how long they'll be gone," said
Barbara Fore, an elder-related-crimes investigator for the Seminole County
Sheriff's Office. "Criminals are monitoring things like Facebook all the time,
and they can often find out just about everything they need to know to run their
cons."

The grandparent scam is not new, but the social media connection is an emerging
trend, according to MoneyGram International Inc., a Dallas-based money wire
services company. Nearly one-third of consumers ages 18 to 49 reveal details of
their vacations online, which criminals can exploit, according to a recent
survey sponsored by the company.

Floridians lost $444,000 last year using MoneyGram wire transfers as a result of
293 scams that targeted vacationers' relatives, the company said. And more than
40 percent of those Florida scams occurred during the summer months, MoneyGram
said. The company added that it prevented some of those transactions from going
through, though specific figures were not available.

Nationwide, unknowing victims of the grandparent scam used MoneyGram to wire
$20.5 million to con artists in 2012, the company said. MoneyGram said it
prevented $14 million worth of those transfers and returned that money to the
victims.

MoneyGram's research does not include scams or losses involving Western Union or
other money transfer companies. And although it is not clear how many of the
criminals working the grandparent scam use information from Facebook or other
websites, investigators say they have noticed a dramatic increase in social
media involvement in the past year, said Kim Garner, MoneyGram's top global
security executive.

"Unfortunately, these are very organized fraud rings, and they have all the time
in the world to go through social networking data and use it against people,"
she said. "We know that if scammers are successful even once, that victim is
primed to be victimized again. The criminals will call them again and again,
trying to get multiple transactions from someone."

Consider a massive grandparent scam last year in Central Florida that bilked an
elderly man out of $816,000, according to a Seminole County Sheriff's Office
report.

A caller posing as lawyer told the local man his grandson had been seriously
injured in a car wreck and was facing criminal charges in Houston. In a series
of calls during several months, they persuaded him to wire money to pay hospital
bills, legal fees and settlement claims filed by others involved in the supposed
wreck.

By the time authorities found out about the situation, the local man had wired
money around the world. Using specific personal details about the grandson -
information they may have obtained from his social networking sites - the con
artists convinced the victim that the situation was real, said Fore, the
elder-crimes investigator.

"While our investigator was at his home interviewing the victim, the bad guys
actually called him again, asking for still more money," she said.

Although it may seem incredible that anyone could fall for such scams,
investigators say the con artists are very skilled and know what works on
vulnerable people, starting with an alarming - and sometimes intimidating - tale
that generates panic in the victim and fear for their supposedly endangered
loved one.

"For a long time, these scam artists would find people just by making calls from
a big list of random phone numbers," said Sgt. Parks Duncan, head of the robbery
investigations unit of the Orange County Sheriff's Office. "But they have
evolved their scam now by getting names and other intel from places like
Facebook. For investigators, it is a very difficult situation - difficult to
prove and almost unprosecutable."

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              442 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            December 5, 2014 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Police officer with the famous dog companion dies

BYLINE:  By Michael D. Sorkin msorkin@post-dispatch.com 314-340-8347

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 571 words


Bob Zelle was a police officer who made news with his dog. He and the dog also
appeared in a famous movie, although only the dog's face could be seen.

"Sarge" was the dog's name although not his rank. He was among the early
recruits on the St. Louis police canine corps.

As described by an article in the Saturday Evening Post, Sarge was a 70-pound,
black German shepherd "with jaws that could break a man's arm - and he took
savage delight in using them."

Among their other exploits, Officer Zelle credited Sarge with the capture of
eight burglars.

Once, a police lieutenant investigating a knife attack was cornered in a
basement by what was described as an "uncontrollable mob." Officers from the
nearby stationhouse couldn't get through the mob.

But when Sarge arrived with another police dog, the crowd was said to "melt
away."

"I'll fight you any day," a retreating rioter shouted to one of the officers,
"but not your dog." At least that's what the magazine reported in a two-page
spread on the exploits of Officer Zelle and Sarge.

Officer Zelle retired in 1981 after a 33-year career with the St. Louis Police
Department.

Robert Frederick Zelle died Monday (Dec. 1, 2014) of lung cancer at Quarters of
Des Peres rehab facility, his family said Thursday. He was 89 and lived in
Ballwin.

He grew up at Virginia Avenue and Bowen Street in the Carondelet neighborhood.
He graduated from the old Cleveland High School.

His death notice in the Post-Dispatch describes him as one of the original
"Bowen Street Boys" - a group that hung out on the corner and boxed and played
baseball and corkball. When World War II started, they joined the armed forces.
Some didn't return. Those who did were friends for life.

Officer Zelle joined the Army Air Forces as a turret gunner in Guam. He played
baseball for the Air Forces and was written up in Stars and Stripes. He returned
to St. Louis and joined the police department in 1948.

He was a 23-year-old rookie when four men entered the Southwest Bank in south
St. Louis in 1953 and scooped up $140,000 from the tellers' cages. An employee
set off a silent alarm, and 100 police officers surrounded the bank. A sergeant
was killed as the robbers fired through the windows.

During the great Southwest Bank Robbery, Officer Zelle watched the back of the
bank in case anyone tried to escape.

He watched but did not fire his gun.

In addition to the canine unit, Officer Zelle served in the third and second
districts. He was awarded the Chief's Letter of Commendation four times.

His family recalled that he had played a bit part in the 1961 movie, "The
Hoodlum Priest." It was filmed in St. Louis and was based on the life of the
Rev. Charles Clark, who ministered to street gangs.

Viewers saw Officer Zelle's legs and his dog in a scene, although not his face.

"Just like any other extra, sometimes you end up on the cutting floor," said a
daughter, Barbara Walsh of Shrewsbury.

Although his dog never made sergeant, Officer Zelle retired at that rank.

A memorial service was held Thursday at Schrader Funeral Home in Ballwin.

Survivors, in addition to his daughter, include his wife, Roseann La Barbera
Zelle; four other daughters, Susan Losh of St. Louis, Nancy McDonald of
Sacramento, Calif., Jeanne Krug of Imperial, and Margie Richardson of Oakville;
two sons, Robert Zelle and Joseph Zelle, both of Oakville; a stepson, John
Huntebrinker of Chesterfield; 17 grandchildren; and 20 great-grandchildren.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Robert F. Zelle, retired St. Louis police officer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                            January 20, 2014 Monday

Discovery heads to the Klondike

SECTION: D; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 702 words


The Discovery Channel has high hopes for its exciting first scripted miniseries
Klondike (10 p.m.).

Set in the great gold rush of the late 1890s, Klondike follows two brash young
New York prospectors into the Canadian Yukon, where they find love, death,
riches and adventure set against the staggeringly stark beauty of Canada's
frozen mountains and lush valleys, untamed rivers and endless plains.

Speaking of stark, Richard Madden (Robb Stark from Game of Thrones) stars as
Bill Haskell, a young man in a hurry, who bolts from his college graduation
ceremony to take up with gambling buddy Byron Epstein (Augustus Prew) and head
north by northwest into the last great North American gold rush.

What follows is a grand and epic journey involving mountains and avalanches,
rivers and near-drownings, wild wolves, suspicious Aboriginal peoples,
preachers, prostitutes, swindlers, scalawags and undertakers.

With this scripted drama, Discovery does several things. It yearns for the
massive audience of History's Hatfields and McCoys miniseries. But it also
remains true to its past as a broadcaster of epic nature documentaries. And
along the way, the network reminds viewers of its rather prosaic present-day
reality hits set in the gold fields of Alaska and elsewhere.

Madden isn't the only element borrowed from Game of Thrones. Listen to the
opening credit theme. There's a hint of Deadwood here and a touch of AMC's
neo-Westerns there and so on. It's not the first TV series to exploit the allure
of gold and guns and kindly prostitutes. As they say, imitation is the sincerest
form of television.

An impressive cast includes Sam Shepard as Father Judge, trying his best to be a
holy man in an untamed wilderness. Abbie Cornish stars as Belinda Mulrooney, a
rootin' tootin' female entrepreneur, and Tim Roth stars as The Count, a ruthless
operator more than willing to kill to exploit the desperation that brings men to
a gold rush.

Some may find fault with the series' attempts to graft 21st-century attitudes
onto 19th-century facts. Occasionally, the dialogue is ludicrously
anachronistic, particularly Epstein's, who sometimes sounds closer to The
Beastie Boys than The Call of the Wild. And the inclusion of novelist Jack
London (Johnny Simmons) as a character is a tad contrived.

But these are minor quibbles in the grand scheme of things. And a grand scheme
is a good way to describe the production values of Klondike and the epic drama
it presents.

TONIGHT'S OTHER HIGHLIGHTS

George Washington's Bible looms large on the season finale of Sleepy Hollow (9
p.m., Fox).

Antiques Roadshow (9 p.m., PBS) travels to Boise, Idaho.

Rosie O'Donnell joins the cast of The Fosters (10 p.m., ABC Family) for a
four-episode arc.

Gabriel discovers he has a powerful rival on Intelligence (11 p.m., CBS).

The Alchemist emerges on The Blacklist (11 p.m., NBC).

A pop diva dies in the gutter on Castle (11 p.m., ABC).

Blood Brother on Independent Lens (11 p.m., PBS) profiles a man who works with
HIV-infected orphans in India.

SERIES NOTES

Truth serum on How I Met Your Mother (9 p.m., CBS) ... Jane Lynch hosts two
episodes of Hollywood Game Night (9 p.m. and 10 p.m., NBC) ... Bungee jumping
and breakfast on The Bachelor (9 p.m., ABC) ... Cabaret daze on Hart of Dixie (9
p.m., CW) ... Caroline's power trip on 2 Broke Girls (8:30 p.m., CBS).

New patterns on Mike &; Molly (10 p.m., CBS) ... Vincent seeks media exposure on
Beauty and the Beast (10 p.m., CW) ... Shared secrets on Mom (10:30 p.m., CBS).

LATE NIGHT

Marilynne Roach is scheduled on The Daily Show With Jon Stewart (Midnight, The
Comedy Network) ... Adam DeVine, Blake Anderson, Anders Holm and Gabrielle Union
appear on Conan (12:30 a.m., CTV) ... Ben Gleib, April Richardson and Ryan Stout
are booked on Chelsea Lately (Midnight, E!) ... Scott Stossel sits down on The
Colbert Report (12:30 p.m., The Comedy Network) ... Barack Obama and Patti
LaBelle appear on The Tonight Show (12:35 p.m., NBC, Repeat) ... LL Cool J,
Chloe Bennett and Vampire Weekend appear on Jimmy Kimmel Live (12:35 p.m., ABC).

Jessica Alba, Elvis Duran and Disclosure visit Late Night With Jimmy Fallon
(1:35 a.m., NBC) ... Craig Ferguson hosts Denis Leary on The Late Late Show
(1:35 a.m., CBS).

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Times & Transcript
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            November 18, 2011 Friday

Football: Naming rights are a load of old Cobras

BYLINE: Harry Pearson

SECTION: GUARDIAN SPORT PAGES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 829 words


The recent furore over England's right to wear the poppy took my mind back 15
years to a time when the chairman of Kettering Town attempted to change the
club's nickname from the Poppies to the Lions. He said that such a change would
help increase the sale of merchandise. Given that antelope don't make up much of
the Rockingham Road club's fanbase that was possibly correct, though it raised
the question of why he didn't try fully to exploit the climate of the day and
retag the club as the Boyzone.

It wasn't the first time a club had attempted to exploit a nickname change for
commercial gain. A few years earlier Stockport County had looked into ditching
their traditional sobriquet, the Hatters, in favour of the Cobras as a
commercial tie-in with the Indian lager company. As time wears on, and sports'
craving for cash grows ever more junkie-like, I'd guess we can expect more of
this kind of thing. Mike Ashley's sale of the naming rights to St James' Park
was predictably followed by legions of self-styled "realistic" football folk
dismissing tradition as sentiment, while parroting phrases like "revenue
streams" with all the blind faith and incomprehension of medieval Rhenish
peasants calling out Latin responses to the Eucharist.

Yet, if football is genuinely so eager to chisel every last penny from itself it
needs to look even further back than Stockport's brief flirtation with becoming
a load of cobras. It was when I was still at school this pointer to the future
occurred, though at the time it seemed like a piece of throwaway sporting
trivia, the sort of thing you'd carry around with you no matter how hard your
tried to get rid of it, like psoriasis, or the disturbing memory of Steve
Ovett's "I 'heart' you" victory gesture.

Back in March 1980 - in a move that in the next decade may come to look as
significant as the Bosman judgment - Nick Akers, a distance runner who had
arrived in the Cayman Islands via Sussex, New Zealand and Canada, legally
changed his surname to Vladivar to tie up a deal with a UK drinks company.
Vladivar promoted itself as "The Vodka from Varrington". Now, in the midst of
the cold war, a runner bearing its brand name was going to compete in the Moscow
Olympics.

Since the rules of amateurism were still in force the distillers didn't actually
pay Nick Vladivar any money for changing his family name. "They flew me to
Manchester from Edmonton, Canada," he told me this week, "and paid all of my
expenses while we did the press and photo ops - £10,000 was pledged to Joel
Bonn, the secretary general of the Cayman Islands Olympic Committee, for
sponsorship of the Cayman athletes to participate in Moscow, but as the Olympics
were boycotted, I am not sure if a payment was made."

Nick Vladivar was arguably the first sportsman to sell naming rights to himself,
but he wasn't the last. In Thailand it has become relatively routine for boxers
to take on the name of sponsors. As a result there is a flyweight called
Kwanpichit 13 Rien Express (in honour of a Bangkok restaurant), while an
unbeaten southpaw super-flyweight has been variously known as Samson
Toyota-Thailand, Samson 3-K Battery and Samson Dutch Boy Gym according to who
was stumping up the cash at the time. This is a strange state of affairs, though
since Samson's given name is Saengmuangnoi Lukchapormasak it

may be some relief to boxing commentators.

Football clubs have only one stadium name to sell, but they have a whole squad
of players whose appellations are ripe for commercial exploitation. And why not?
After all, people in the rarefied world of showjumping are quite happy to put up
with horses named after conservatory companies. And haven't the game's
authorities already left themselves open to sponsorship-deal abuse by allowing
players to put nicknames on the back of their shirts? The first player who was
given dispensation to do so was Norway's diminutive 1990s winger Jahn Ivar
Jakobsen who went by the sobriquet of "Mini" and had that name emblazoned on his
shirt during the 1994 World Cup. At the time some of us pondered what Fifa's
attitude would be if a player could persuade his team-mates to refer to him as
"Amex" or "Miller Lite".

The sale of the naming rights of players is surely the way to take the game
forward commercially. Of course people will complain, but you have to be
hard-nosed about these things. And at the end of the day, Stevie G or KFC -
what's the difference? Just get behind the boy and stop whining. Nick Akers,
meanwhile, ran in two Commonwealth Games and still holds the Cayman Islands
national record for 10,000m. In 1989 he set a Guinness world record for running
a mile in snowshoes in 5m 56sec. He wrote an autobiography, Last But Not Least,
and has developed the concept for a stage musical based on the music of Simon
and Garfunkel. "Would I change my name again?" Nick says. "You bet I would. But
next time it would be to Smirnoff." Over to you Mike Ashley. Or perhaps that
should be Mike Sports Direct?

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 9, 2017 Thursday
                             Print & First Editions

Ill wind for CIA may fill Trump's sails;
WikiLeaks strikes again - Documents reveal data stolen through phones, computers
and televisions - Analysis

BYLINE: Analysis Paul McGeough Chief Correspondent Washington

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 765 words


Donald Trump has a new stick with which to beat the US intelligence agencies -
not only can they not keep his secrets, they can't keep their own.

Lobbing amidst the worst stand-off ever between a new president and the
agencies, Tuesday's sensational WikiLeaks dump of thousands of documents on the
CIA's highly secretive, high-tech cyber arsenal reveals how the agency steals
data from foreign targets by taking control of their mobile phones, computers
and televisions.

Seemingly legitimate, the release of almost 9000 documents - which WikiLeaks
code-named Vault 7 - will be viewed through political as much as national
security prisms.

WikiLeaks, increasingly denounced as a tool of Moscow, is a key player in the
months-long dispute in which Trump has mocked and ridiculed the agencies.

But as commander-in-chief Trump is required to address the document dump as the
most embarrassing breach of national security since Edward Snowden leaked a
mountain of classified documents in 2013 and, before that, Chelsea (then
Bradley) Manning leaked about three-quarters of a million classified and other
sensitive documents in 2010.

Acutely embarrassed, the only response from the CIA was a terse: "We do not
comment on the authenticity or content of purported intelligence documents."

Apparently the first in a series, WikiLeaks said the 8761 documents, dated from
2013 to 2016, came from an isolated, high-security network situated inside the
CIA's Centre for Cyber Intelligence in Langley, Virginia.

Describing their contents as "malware, viruses, Trojans and weaponised 'zero
day' exploits", WikiLeaks said the files developed by a CIA unit known as the
Engineering Development Group were designed to harness vulnerabilities in
Apple's iPhone, Google's Android software and Samsung TV sets. WikiLeaks said
the exploits were capable of bypassing popular encryption-enabled applications
such as WhatsApp, Signal and Telegram.

"At first glance [the files are] probably legitimate or contains a lot of
legitimate stuff, which means somebody managed to extract a lot of data from a
classified CIA system and is willing to let the world know that," Nicholas
Weaver, a computer security researcher at the University of California at
Berkeley, told The Washington Post.

Trump has been infuriated by leaks from across government, but especially from
within the intelligence agencies on investigations into links between his
election campaign team and Russia.

In July 2016 WikiLeaks became a controversial player in the US presidential
election when it released 20,000 embarrassing emails hacked from Democratic
Party computers, creating uproar on the campaign trail.

Speaking at the time from Ecuador's embassy in London, where he has taken refuge
for years, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange denied early suspicion that the
Russian government or its agents were responsible for the Democratic National
Committee hacking - but the combined US intelligence agencies concluded the
hacking was part of a multi-pronged Kremlin plot to help Trump win the election
and to discredit US democracy.

Trump celebrated the leaks, declaring: "I love WikiLeaks," as he read from a
sheaf of the Democratic emails at a rally in the last weeks of the campaign. For
months he refused to accept that Russia was involved - even as he jokingly urged
Moscow to mount a search for thousands of Hillary Clinton's emails.

On the campaign trail and in office Trump has been repeatedly wrong-footed by
leaks on his Russian connections. He was forced to sack campaign manager Paul
Manafort after allegations that he had received millions of dollars from
pro-Moscow politicians in Ukraine. In February he sacked his national security
adviser, Michael Flynn, after he was revealed to have lied about his dealings
with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak.

And last week Attorney-General Jeff Sessions was forced to recuse himself from
any Justice Department deliberations on intelligence agency and congressional
investigations of the Russian links because Sessions had failed to disclose that
he, too, met the ambassador.

Trump's war with the agencies became more fraught on the weekend, when senior
former and current officials rejected his tweeted claim that former president
Barack Obama had ordered wiretaps on Trump Tower during the election campaign.

And on Tuesday, after days of blanket denials, the White House seemed to be
walking back the President's unequivocal assertion. When asked for the proof
Trump claimed he had, presidential spokesman Sean Spicer said it wasn't a
question of proof but of the need for a congressional investigation.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2017 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Louisiana governor's race: Can Republicans score an upset victory?;
In the Louisiana governor's race, Republican David Vitter has narrowed a very
wide gap. Will it be enough to defeat John Bel Edwards?

BYLINE: Patrik Jonsson Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 851 words


Not long ago, Democrat John Bel Edwards had Republican David Vitter firmly on
the ropes in the Louisiana governor's election. But these days, never count a
Republican out in the South.

Since the Paris attacks, Mr. Vitter has managed to focus the election away from
his own involvement in a 2007 D.C. prostitution scandal to fears about Syrian
refugees in the US. In so doing, Vitter has gained back at least some of the
ground he'll need for victory. The election in Louisiana is Saturday.

"A few weeks ago, most everyone expected Edwards would pull off the upset,"
writes National Public Radio's Jessica Taylor. "But now it wouldn't be as much
of a surprise if Vitter does escape and win the race."

As in most parts of the South, Democrats in Louisiana have lost almost all
statewide elections since Barack Obama's election.

One reason: From Kentucky to now in Louisiana, Republicans have been able to
exploit a deep - and, some allege, racially tinged -dislike of President Obama
and his policies, including the Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare), the
Democrat-led expansion of subsidized health insurance.

Up to this point, the election narrative in Louisiana had been that after
defeats in Kentucky in November and Georgia last year, a Democrat, albeit an
almost extinct variety called a Blue Dog, had a real shot at breaking up the
Republicans' red state monopoly. After last Tuesday's candidates' debate, Mr.
Edwards lead went up by two percentage points in the polls, to a 22-point
margin.

"A larger question looms," writes Jason Berry in the Daily Beast: "If the margin
holds, does the Edwards surge signal a sputtering of the Republican Southern
strategy that exploits racial division by demonizing President Obama?"

But as it now appears the margin has narrowed, the reasons underscore perhaps
less race but the profound emotions swirling around America's role in the Syrian
refugee crisis, especially after at least one terrorist was able to attack Paris
last Friday after joining a phalanx of refugees from the brutal Syrian civil
war.

Some of the attackers, it turns out, had joined the refugee stream to cross into
France, prompting more than 30 US governors to demand that Syrians stay out of
their states. After a false report surfaced that a male Syrian refugee had gone
missing in Louisiana, the Vitter campaign began bombarding voters with robocalls
warning that "hordes of Syrians would soon be invading the United States, thanks
to Obama," Tyler Bridges reports in the Washington Post. (Obama has ordered that
the US quadruple the number of Syrian refugees - up to 10,000 - it resettles
stateside in 2016.) As a result for the false report and robocalls, Edwards was
forced to change his messaging on refugees mid-stream, saying he, too, would
like to see a "pause" in resettlement.

In what could be constructive to Democrats, Edwards has soared to this point at
least partly because of his own strengths, his family having helped settle the
state before Andrew Jackson fought the Battle of New Orleans in 1812. He has
eased conservative voters by being "pro-life and pro-gun" and by hailing the
military. But he also embodies Christian principles, he says, when looking at
government's role in helping those struggling to succeed in the Pelican State.

Still, Edwards' appeals to populist heartland sentiment - over coastal elitism -
may be difficult for Democrats to achieve more broadly.  After all, just this
week, 58 percent of Americans , including 40 percent of Democrats, told
Reuters/Ipsos pollsters they no longer "identify with what the country has
become."

Those sentiments attach to both cultural and economic phenomena, and many attach
their outlook to the Obama presidency.

The national focus on legalizing gay marriage - the trend by states to legalize
marijuana - run counter to the weight of public opinion in many corners of the
country. And the white working class continues to struggle with depressed wages
and joblessness in the Obama economy. A recent survey found that non-college
educated white Americans, many of them in the South, had seen their middle-age
mortality rise and life expectancy decrease since 1999.

Such concerns were part of the narrative in the Kentucky gubernatorial election
earlier this month, where Republican Matt Bevin beat Democrat Jack Conway by
nine points, becoming only the second Republican governor of the Blue Grass
State in 40 years.

Critically, Mr. Bevin wooed coal communities in the eastern Kentucky hills
angered by the Obama White House's energy policy.

In Louisiana, it appears the test is no longer whether a strong Blue Dog
Democrat can beat a scandal-plagued Republican in the Deep South, but how flawed
a candidate can be and still win at the state level by invoking Obama and his
policies.

A poll released Friday showed that Vitter had closed the race, in part by
hitting Edwards on the refugee question. "The race has tightened substantially,"
pollster John Couvillon writes, but "the question is whether that will make a
difference" given that nearly a quarter million votes were cast as absentees
before Friday's attack in Paris.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Study Finds \x93Lurking Malice" in Cloud Hosting Services

LENGTH: 397 words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Georgia Institute of Technology has issued the following news release:




   A study of 20 major cloud hosting services has found that as many as 10
percent of the repositories hosted by them had been compromised - with several
hundred of the "buckets" actively providing malware. Such bad content could be
challenging to find, however, because it can be rapidly assembled from stored
components that individually may not appear to be malicious.





 To identify the bad content, researchers created a scanning tool that looks for
features unique to the bad repositories, known as "Bars." The features included
certain types of redirection schemes and "gatekeeper" elements designed to
protect the malware from scanners. Researchers from the Georgia Institute of
Technology, Indiana University Bloomington and the University of California
Santa Barbara conducted the study.



 Believed to be the first systematic study of cloud-based malicious activity,
the research will be presented October 24 at the ACM Conference on Computer and
Communications Security in Vienna, Austria.  The work was supported in part by
the National Science Foundation.



 "Bad actors have migrated to the cloud along with everybody else," said Raheem
Beyah, a professor in Georgia Tech's School of Electrical and Computer
Engineering. "The bad guys are using the cloud to deliver malware and other
nefarious things while remaining undetected. The resources they use are
compromised in a variety of ways, from traditional exploits to simply taking
advantage of poor configurations."



 Beyah and graduate student Xiaojing Liao found that the bad actors could hide
their activities by keeping components of their malware in separate repositories
that by themselves didn't trigger traditional scanners. Only when they were
needed to launch an attack were the different parts of this malware assembled.



 "Some exploits appear to be benign until they are assembled in a certain way,"
explained Beyah, who is the Motorola Foundation Professor and associate chair
for strategic initiatives and innovation in the School of Electrical and
Computer Engineering. "When you scan the components in a piecemeal kind of way,
you only see part of the malware, and the part you see may not be malicious."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Study Finds \x93Lurking Malice" in Cloud Hosting Services

LENGTH: 397 words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Georgia Institute of Technology has issued the following news release:




   A study of 20 major cloud hosting services has found that as many as 10
percent of the repositories hosted by them had been compromised - with several
hundred of the "buckets" actively providing malware. Such bad content could be
challenging to find, however, because it can be rapidly assembled from stored
components that individually may not appear to be malicious.





 To identify the bad content, researchers created a scanning tool that looks for
features unique to the bad repositories, known as "Bars." The features included
certain types of redirection schemes and "gatekeeper" elements designed to
protect the malware from scanners. Researchers from the Georgia Institute of
Technology, Indiana University Bloomington and the University of California
Santa Barbara conducted the study.



 Believed to be the first systematic study of cloud-based malicious activity,
the research will be presented October 24 at the ACM Conference on Computer and
Communications Security in Vienna, Austria.  The work was supported in part by
the National Science Foundation.



 "Bad actors have migrated to the cloud along with everybody else," said Raheem
Beyah, a professor in Georgia Tech's School of Electrical and Computer
Engineering. "The bad guys are using the cloud to deliver malware and other
nefarious things while remaining undetected. The resources they use are
compromised in a variety of ways, from traditional exploits to simply taking
advantage of poor configurations."



 Beyah and graduate student Xiaojing Liao found that the bad actors could hide
their activities by keeping components of their malware in separate repositories
that by themselves didn't trigger traditional scanners. Only when they were
needed to launch an attack were the different parts of this malware assembled.



 "Some exploits appear to be benign until they are assembled in a certain way,"
explained Beyah, who is the Motorola Foundation Professor and associate chair
for strategic initiatives and innovation in the School of Electrical and
Computer Engineering. "When you scan the components in a piecemeal kind of way,
you only see part of the malware, and the part you see may not be malicious."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

Politicians show poor taste in playing off tragedies

BYLINE: The Oklahoman Editorial

SECTION:

LENGTH: 619 words


BARACK Obama's first presidential chief of staff, just after the 2008 election,
said, "You never want a serious crisis to go to waste." He was referring to the
opportunity to exploit an extant economic downturn by enacting liberal
policies.Oklahoma's Democratic gubernatorial nominee has adapted Rahm Emanuel's
statement, along the lines of "You never want a high-profile tragedy to go
waste." Joe Dorman wasted no time issuing a statement about the workplace
beheading of a Moore woman last week. While he was the first Oklahoma politician
to exploit the tragedy, he was by no means the last.Most of the others were
Republican legislators.

Even U.S. Rep. James Lankford, R-Oklahoma City, got into the act - a rare
misstep for a shining star in Congress.After an obligatory expression of
sympathy, Dorman used most of his statement to establish his gun rights bona
fides. The shooting of the attacker, Dorman said, represents "a clear example of
why I strongly support Oklahomans' Second Amendment rights."The statement was
issued only hours after details of the beheading became public. Dorman's
tasteless exploitation of a tragedy could have waited - or not been done at
all.Ditto for state Rep. Mike Turner's blast at Dorman's opponent (Republican
incumbent Gov. Mary Fallin) for vetoing a bill this spring that clarified state
law on "who can protect whom" in life-threatening situations."A recent violent
act in Moore has one state representative disappointed in a veto of a measure
focused on clarifying justifiable homicide," reads a taxpayer-funded news
release issued by Turner, R-Edmond, on the same day Alton Nolen was charged with
murder for the beheading."With all the danger popping up all over the world -
including here in Oklahoma - I still cannot believe this measure was scuttled by
Gov. Fallin," Turner said. "This move was an admonishment of the Second
Amendment and the measure fell to those who were more interested in playing
politics than protecting Oklahomans. That I find inexcusable."What we find
inexcusable is not only the exploitation of a tragedy before the victim is even
buried but also the fact that the vetoed bill had no apparent connection to this
case. Nolen was felled by gunfire from a co-worker of the victim. No one was
seeking to prosecute the shooter for stopping the attack.A day earlier, a group
of lawmakers calling themselves the Counterterrorism Caucus issued another
taxpayer-funded press release calling for "a public discussion about potential
terrorists in our midst and the role that Sharia law plays in their actions."
The caucus determined on its own - even before Nolen was charged - that this
wasn't workplace violence but jihadism.Exploiting tragedies for political gain
is nothing new. Before all the bodies were recovered from the 1995 Oklahoma City
bombing, we began hearing from anti-abortion advocates. They effectively
discounted the deaths of the youngest bombing victims by noting that the death
toll represented only a fraction of the daily abortion count in the U.S. That
was small comfort to the parents of the 19 children who weren't aborted but
murdered by a madman.On the same day a deadly tornado struck Moore in 2013, U.S.
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse, D-R.I., accused Republicans of reckless environmental
policies that were wrecking the weather. A spokesman said the remarks were
prepared in advance. He didn't mention that deadly tornadoes also struck
Oklahoma the day before the Whitehouse rant.Whether using storm victims as props
for a climate change agenda or the beheading victim as a prop for a gun rights
agenda, politicians display gross insensitivity in rushing to the podium to say
things that could surely wait - or be left unspoken.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

Politicians show poor taste in playing off tragedies

BYLINE: The Oklahoman Editorial

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 619 words


BARACK Obama's first presidential chief of staff, just after the 2008 election,
said, "You never want a serious crisis to go to waste." He was referring to the
opportunity to exploit an extant economic downturn by enacting liberal
policies.Oklahoma's Democratic gubernatorial nominee has adapted Rahm Emanuel's
statement, along the lines of "You never want a high-profile tragedy to go
waste." Joe Dorman wasted no time issuing a statement about the workplace
beheading of a Moore woman last week. While he was the first Oklahoma politician
to exploit the tragedy, he was by no means the last.Most of the others were
Republican legislators.

Even U.S. Rep. James Lankford, R-Oklahoma City, got into the act - a rare
misstep for a shining star in Congress.After an obligatory expression of
sympathy, Dorman used most of his statement to establish his gun rights bona
fides. The shooting of the attacker, Dorman said, represents "a clear example of
why I strongly support Oklahomans' Second Amendment rights."The statement was
issued only hours after details of the beheading became public. Dorman's
tasteless exploitation of a tragedy could have waited - or not been done at
all.Ditto for state Rep. Mike Turner's blast at Dorman's opponent (Republican
incumbent Gov. Mary Fallin) for vetoing a bill this spring that clarified state
law on "who can protect whom" in life-threatening situations."A recent violent
act in Moore has one state representative disappointed in a veto of a measure
focused on clarifying justifiable homicide," reads a taxpayer-funded news
release issued by Turner, R-Edmond, on the same day Alton Nolen was charged with
murder in the beheading."With all the danger popping up all over the world -
including here in Oklahoma - I still cannot believe this measure was scuttled by
Gov. Fallin," Turner said. "This move was an admonishment of the Second
Amendment and the measure fell to those who were more interested in playing
politics than protecting Oklahomans. That I find inexcusable."What we find
inexcusable is not only the exploitation of a tragedy before the victim is even
buried but also the fact that the vetoed bill had no apparent connection to this
case. Nolen was felled by gunfire from a co-worker of the victim. No one was
seeking to prosecute the shooter for stopping the attack.A day earlier, a group
of lawmakers calling themselves the Counterterrorism Caucus issued another
taxpayer-funded press release calling for "a public discussion about potential
terrorists in our midst and the role that Sharia law plays in their actions."
The caucus determined on its own - even before Nolen was charged - that this
wasn't workplace violence but jihadism.Exploiting tragedies for political gain
is nothing new. Before all the bodies were recovered from the 1995 Oklahoma City
bombing, we began hearing from anti-abortion advocates. They effectively
discounted the deaths of the youngest bombing victims by noting that the death
toll represented only a fraction of the daily abortion count in the U.S. That
was small comfort to the parents of the 19 children who weren't aborted but
murdered by a madman.On the same day a deadly tornado struck Moore in 2013, U.S.
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse, D-R.I., accused Republicans of reckless environmental
policies that were wrecking the weather. A spokesman said the remarks were
prepared in advance. He didn't mention that deadly tornadoes also struck
Oklahoma the day before the Whitehouse rant.Whether using storm victims as props
for a climate change agenda or the beheading victim as a prop for a gun rights
agenda, politicians display gross insensitivity in rushing to the podium to say
things that could surely wait - or be left unspoken.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                                January 11, 2007

10 tech-management tips;
Get your IT organization in shape by taking these smart steps

BYLINE: Julie Bort

SECTION: MANAGEMENT & CAREERS; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 1036 words


"There's a lot of set-it-and-forget-it mentality in intrusion-prevention system
marketing, and it's dangerous," saysDavid Newman, president of testing facility
Network Test and a Network World Lab Alliance member.

Fuzzing, in which the exploit is changed just enough for the security mechanism
to miss it, trips up many IPSs, Network World's recent IPS test showed.

Network managers need to understand how each exploit works and how their IPS
detects them, and then upgrade that protection routinely.

Start selling security to the purse-holders the way you do all other technology
investments -- in measurable terms that relate to the business, recommends Mandy
Andress, president of testing facility ArcSec Technologies and a Network World
Lab Alliance member. Rather than saying how dangerous viruses are as a method to
gain the budget for a reputation services antispam defense, for example,
illustrate how much productivity could be gained by adding another layer of
antispam control.

Wireless badges can come in handy for automated access control to desktop PCs,
particularly those shared by multiple users in medical exam rooms, warehouses,
call centers and the like.

For example, Northwestern Memorial Physicians Group implemented Ensure
Technologies' XyLoc MD, which uses 900MHz radio-frequency technology encoded on
staff ID badges for authentication, says Guy Fuller, IT manager at the Chicago
healthcare organization.

This saves the staff time while ensuring that network access and sensitive
information are not available to other users.

~~ IP-based building-access systems built on industry-standard servers and using
the existing data network are more affordable than ever because of open
architecture products. Advances in server-management technology mean these
systems not only are deployable by network (rather than the physical security)
staff but are centrally manageable. Plus, they can integrate with ERP
applications and network access-control systems.

Georgia-Pacific, a $20 billion paper manufacturer in Atlanta, is rolling out
Automated Management Technologies' WebBrix, an IP-based building-access system,
to the majority of its 400 locations. IT used WebBrix's open application
interface to write a custom application called Mysecurity that integrates the
system with SAP, among other duties. When employees swipe their badges to gain
access to the building, they also are sending data to SAP for time and
attendance tracking, says Steven Mobley, senior systems analyst at
Georgia-Pacific.

"Operating systems configuration can seem to some like a black art," says Tom
Henderson, principle researcher for testing facility ExtremeLabs and a Network
World Lab Alliance member. Setting the wrong combination is bad news. For
example, large memory-block move options can affect the amount of dirty cache
with which the operating system must deal, he says. If memory/caching options
are balanced incorrectly, the machine could freeze. By assigning a staffer to
master the voluminous documentation published by mainstream operating system
vendors, servers can be safely fine-tuned to optimal performance for every
application.

The guru also should master Web server and BIOS setting options.

Without spending a dime, you may be able to boost the amount of memory available
on virtualized Windows 2003 physical servers, thereby improving performance of
the virtual machines. If all the virtual machines on the same physical box need
the same memory-resident code, such as a dynamic link library (DLL), you can
load the DLL once into the physical server's main memory and share that DLL with
all virtual machines, says Wendy Cebula, COO at VistaPrint, an international
online printer with U.S.

operations headquartered in Lexington, Mass. "We've gotten big memory usage
benefits by caching once per physical box rather than once per usage," she says.

If you have compute-intensive mainframe applications, don't shy away from
lower-cost alternatives such as grid computing because the applications were
written in COBOL, says Brian Cucci, manager of the Advanced Technology Group at
Atlanta-based UPS, which has such a grid. The application will likely have to be
redesigned somewhat for the new hardware platform. But vendors can be counted on
to help, as they'll want to ally on the new technology.

~~ This is particularly true in areas of the country where the public
infrastructure is aging, says Bruce Bartolf, principal and CTO of architecture
firm Gensler, in San Francisco. Having completed VoIP installation at seven of
35 sites, Bartolf found unexpectedly high error rates or complete failure on
many links. To provide the kind of uptime and quality demanded of phone service,
you need to design with alternative failover paths on the WAN. Cable may not be
much better, but Metro Ethernet, if available, could work well, he says.

Although the tasks that appliances perform can be done with each vendor's gear,
"with something as important as IP management, if you don't do it well, you can
really hurt your five-nines," Gensler's Bartolf says. He chose Infoblox
appliances, which manage numerous tasks, including Trivial File Transfer
Protocol (TFTP) firmware upgrades. "Rather than dealing with Microsoft
distributed file system, loading a TFTP server on a Microsoft server, running
DHCP on a Microsoft server, running SMS on top of that, and managing it all, I
have an appliance," he says. "I put it in, and it works."

"We found it highly impractical to make our monitoring visual," VistaPrint's
Cebula says. VistaPrint relies on remote monitoring to manage its data centers,
including one in Bermuda. It uses homegrown tools to track everything from CPU
usage to event correlation. Visual graphing of events slowed down detection and
analysis, taking network operations staff an average of five to seven minutes
per event to use, Cebula says. When the tools used simple red, yellow and green
lights, detection and correlation dropped to one or two minutes per event, she
says.

And don't forget to keep your monitoring tools on at all times and run spot
checks, advises Barry Nance, independent consultant and Network Lab Alliance
member. The most common mistake is not to turn them on until an event occurs.



LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2007 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              April 6, 2007 Friday

iPod virus may signal looming threat

BYLINE: Ryan Blitstein, Mercury News

LENGTH: 485 words


Tired of updating the anti-virus software on your computer? Wait until you have
to install it on your iPod, too.

Researchers at security company Kaspersky Lab have created the first virus
designed to infect Apple's portable media player. But don't rush out to buy
digital armor for your beloved techcessory just yet: The company said the
software program, Podloso, ``does not present a real threat; it simply
demonstrates that it is theoretically possible to create malicious programs for
such devices.''

``When you have a product as popular as the iPod ... it's a natural target for
researchers and other hackers looking for vulnerabilities to exploit,'' said
Nick Selby, an analyst at The 451 Group in Boston.

In the security software world, new ``proof-of-concept'' exploits like Podloso
are a daily occurrence as researchers search for new ways that hackers writers
might try to compromise systems.

But sometimes, this type of early research foreshadows future threats.

Three years ago, Kaspersky, based in Moscow with U.S. headquarters in Woburn,
Mass., and Finnish security company F-Secure, tested the first computer worm
that affected mobile phones, spreading by Bluetooth signal. Now, several hundred
phone viruses exist, some of them malicious.

``We've seen it happen over and over in the malware world. Someone will do a
test, creating a simple thing that does no real damage. Once hackers see that
the approach works, they continue to tweak it and use it for malicious intent,''
said Dee Liebenstein, director of product management at SecureWave, a Luxembourg
vendor of security software that helps companies control when and how portable
devices connect to corporate computers.

Podloso's approach is unlikely to evolve into a real threat anytime soon. The
virus only affects iPods running Linux; a fraction of iPods do so. What's more,
the virus does not copy itself from iPod to iPod, either; users have to install
the virus for it to infect the iPod's files. Malicious programs would be more
dangerous if they infected iPod files (as Podloso does) and spread from the
devices to PCs (which Podloso does not).

``There's often a long way to go from proof of concept to in-the-wild exploit,''
Selby said.

Last fall, Apple, which did not return requests for comment, acknowledged that a
small number of video iPods carried a Windows virus, affecting computers that
the iPods were plugged into, but not the devices themselves.

As more people use ``smart'' devices like mobile phones, iPods and flash memory
devices, these kinds of security threats might multiply and become more serious.

``Today there's the risk of carrying a known Windows virus on a storage device
and infecting a computer,'' Liebenstein said. ``Tomorrow, as we look to the
devices becoming more powerful and having an operating system, they'll become
targets of their own.''

Contact Ryan Blitstein at rblitstein@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5715.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 20, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Fine Choice

BYLINE: By RANDY COHEN

SECTION: Section 6; Column 3; Magazine; THE WAY WE LIVE NOW: 8-20-06: THE
ETHICIST; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 533 words


Since my firm reopened in New Orleans, I've been parking illegally in a loading
zone. Enforcement is sporadic, so I average only about one $20 ticket a week,
cheaper than putting the car in a lot. Friends say it's unethical to exploit a
broken municipal system. I say I harm nobody: there are no businesses open on
this block, so nobody to use the loading zone. What do you say?    Nicole Marie
Benoit, New Orleans

In this particular case, I'm with you. With no businesses on the block, the
purpose of the loading zone is obviated, and you do no harm in parking there.
But as a general matter, your friends are correct. You should obey the law even
when enforcement is spotty and getting caught a bargain. A fine is not a fee for
the right to break the law; it is a device for discouraging misconduct.
(Similarly, a prison term is not a system of barter, whereby in exchange for
doing a little yardwork around the warden's house you get to shoot your
husband.)

While fines certainly raise money for your city, there is a distinction between
a permit and a penalty, between a legitimate cost of doing business and the
obligations of civic virtue.

I'm a hotel bartender. We have a regular, a drunk who throws 10's and 20's
around with the abandon of a cartoon millionaire. When his money runs out -- and
it does fast -- he subsists on peanut butter for the rest of the month. I cannot
conscionably serve him. Other servers take his huge tips, contending that if
they do not, he will just drink elsewhere. Who is right?    Aaron Mace, Austin,
Tex.

You are. Need we refute that fatuous apologia, If I don't do it, someone else
will? Someone else will do anything. And then make a TV show about it. But
conduct must be judged on its merits, not its prevalence. And while you can't
reform the world (or your cynical co-workers), you can refuse to exploit this
hapless sot, whose fat tips are not gifts freely proffered but symptoms of a
real problem.

And if you want to go further, try to get the guy some help. Talk to him when
he's sober and see what he's willing to do.

UPDATE: Eventually the manager banned this regular. He now drinks upstairs at a
second bar in the same hotel.

In applying for a job, my partner completed the first phase of phone interviews,
and the potential employer wants to fly her out for an in-person interview with
this stipulation: if they offer the job and she declines, she must reimburse
them for the cost of her visit. This seems coercive. Is it ethical?    Becky
Corran, Tucson

Talk about upping the ante: if the interview results in an offer but reveals the
job to be unappealing, your friend loses out on work, gets slapped with a bill
for her travel and has to paint the apartment of the interviewer. (Perhaps not
that last.) This policy is tightfisted but not unethical and not ''coercive,'' a
word more aptly applied to the press gangs that gave a different sort of job
interview to British seamen. I can understand the potential employer's desire to
screen out frivolous applicants, and he was not deceitful -- he wasn't running a
travel scam, just pinching pennies at the job candidates' expense.

UPDATE: The partner declined the trip and took a job elsewhere.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Drawing by Christoph Niemann)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              454 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                           February 10, 2007 Saturday

TRAIL DUST: FROM SCOUT TO SHOWMAN

BYLINE: MARC SIMMONS, BEN WITTICK, MUSEUM OF NEW MEXICO PHOTO

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 721 words


Simmons: Crawford known for exploits against hostile Indians

For years, I have been collecting information on a fascinating character of
territorial New Mexico, a man known far and wide as Capt. Jack Crawford, The
Poet Scout. Famous in his day, he is almost forgotten now.

John Wallace (Jack) Crawford, born in 1847, came to America from Ireland at age
7 with his family. His father was a drunkard who could not hold a job, so Jack
and his brothers were put to work in a Pennsylvania coal mine, earning $1.75 a
week. The lad had no chance for schooling.

When the Civil War broke out, he tried to enlist at 14. The recruiter took one
look at him and said: "Go back to your mother, boy. We are organizing an army,
not a Sunday school class!"

A few months later, Jack managed to slip by another enlistment officer and
become a soldier.

Shortly afterward, he was badly wounded at Spottsylvania and was sent to a
hospital in Philadelphia. While there, a kind nun taught him to read and write
during his convalescence.

Eager for excitement, Crawford at war's end went West. In the Sioux War of 1876,
he served as a scout and messenger for Generals Wesley Merritt and George Crook.
That same year, he succeeded Buffalo Bill Cody as chief of scouts.

When Apache troubles flared along the Mexican border, "Captain Jack" headed for
the Southwest. Over the next decade, his exploits against hostile Indians became
legendary.

In 1880, he volunteered for an extremely hazardous mission. At the wish of New
Mexico's commanding general, Crawford rode into the mountains of northern
Chihuahua in an effort to find the Apache chief Victorio and persuade him to
accept peace terms.

Captain Jack failed to find the chief, but the episode added luster to his
reputation, since he had braved dangerous country where no other scout would go.
Later, he won more laurels serving Gen. Nelson A. Miles in the Geronimo
campaign.

Much of Crawford's career in New Mexico was centered at Fort Craig, below
Socorro. In addition to his scouting duties, he served as the postmaster and
post trader.

A few years later, he established a ranch at the nearby village of San Marcial.
By that time, Fort Craig had closed and he had been named caretaker of the
abandoned government buildings.

Increasingly, business and theatrical ventures took the Poet Scout, as he was
now being called, away from home. In his absence, his wife, Maria, was left to
guard the fort. More than once, she scared away midnight intruders with her
shotgun.

On these trips, Jack dressed in elaborate frontier costumes. His favorite was
made of fine buckskin decorated with Indian beadwork, imitating Buffalo Bill
Cody. Upon departing, he would ask his wife how he looked. She always replied:
"Silly!"

At this time, Crawford was churning out reams of poems in addition to novels and
plays. In some quarters, he was being referred to as "the Robert Burns of the
West." However, one sober critic said of his verses that "by no stretch of
courtesy could they be called poetry."

In 1883, Crawford wrote a frontier drama that was presented at a historical
celebration in Santa Fe. In it, he played the starring role of an army scout.
While in the capital, he handed out photographs of himself with poetic
inscriptions on the back. By now, he was a true showman.

After his Santa Fe appearance, he did a stint in Buffalo Bill's touring Wild
West Show, followed by a trip to England, where he gave a command performance in
the court of Queen Victoria.

The Poet Scout was quite popular in New York City, where he made numerous stage
appearances. He was there in his 70th year when he fell ill from a combination
of Bright's disease, asthma and pneumonia. At the time, he was still struggling
to play the public role of a romantic and gallant frontiersman.

A Brooklyn newspaper reporter, conducting a last interview, described Capt. Jack
Crawford as "a picturesque survivor of Indian fighting days."

In a reflective mood, Jack said in a weak voice, "I was simply a boy soldier,
rustic poet and a bad actor." We might add now that he also was a colorful
character who deserves to be remembered.

The New York Times reported his death Feb. 27, 1917, noting that it followed
Buffalo Bill's passing a month earlier.

Historian Marc Simmons is author of numerous books on New Mexico and the
Southwest. His column appears Saturdays.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. Capt. Jack Crawford was known as an Army scout, poet and actor.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The New Mexican


                              455 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                August 14, 2000

Netscape Flaw Leaves Files, Directories Open to Hackers ;
But filtering software, firewalls offer some protection, analysts say

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: NEWS - HIGH; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 397 words

A recently discovered flaw in Netscape Communications Corp.'s Internet browser
software could let malicious hackers retrieve and view any directory or locally
stored file on a victim's computer.
But corporations using basic security measures such as filtering software and
properly configured firewalls should have at least some measure of protection
against the flaw, security analysts said.
The problem results when a certain function of Sun Microsystems Inc.'s Java core
is combined with a vulnerability in Netscape's implementation of Java that
allows applets to access local files, said David Endler, an analyst at iDefense
Intelligence Services, an Internet security services firm in Fairfax, Va.
An attacker could exploit the hole by creating a malicious Web site that
invisibly loads a Java applet on a visiting user's computer, according to an
alert from iDefense.
The applet starts a Web server on the user's system that allows anyone to
connect to it and view locally stored files and directories, the advisory added.

"In theory, you can make public entire directories of a victim's computer,"
Endler said. "It's sort of like a poor man's Napster."
An exploit taking advantage of the flaw was posted Aug. 4 by Daniel Brumleve, a
programmer in Silicon Valley who discovered the flaw.
In examples posted on his Web site, Brumleve demonstrated how the vulnerability
-- nicknamed Brown Orifice -- could be exploited to allow others to view and
retrieve files without any warning.
In worst-case scenarios, attackers could use this method to steal passwords,
user names and the entire contents of files, said Chris Rouland, director of the
X-Force team of security analysts at Internet Security Systems Inc. in Atlanta.
The Brown Orifice exploit -- the code for which can be downloaded from
Brumleve's Web site (www.brumleve.com/BrownOrifice/) -- was a "proof-of-concept"
code designed to show how "Netscape's Java engine violates Java's 'sandbox'
rules," which prevent applets from touching the host system's operating system,
Rouland said.
But users will first need to voluntarily visit malicious Web sites or click on
e-mailed links to a malicious site to be exposed to the vulnerability, said
Andrew Weinstein, a spokesman for America Online Inc., which owns Netscape.
Weinstein said Netscape is working on a patch that will fix the hole. w

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Computerworld, Inc.


                              456 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                               May 2, 2008 Friday
                                 Early Edition

'Canes about to find out if break was really worth it; Lethbridge romped into
final; Chiefs had to fight

BYLINE: John Down, Calgary Herald

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 644  words


Lethbridge vs. Spokane

First game best-of-seven WHL final

- - -

Momentum can be fleeting but the Lethbridge Hurricanes will be looking to stir
up another storm when they continue their quest for the Ed Chynoweth Cup.

It will be with considerable interest to see what kind of game the Hurricanes
bring to the table tonight when they invade the home of the Spokane Chiefs in
Game 1 of the best-of-seven Western Hockey League championship series at 8 p.m.
MT.

The entire series is on Shaw Cable Ch. 10

What you have is a team that's been away from the playoff scene since sweeping
aside the Calgary Hitmen 10 days ago for the Eastern Conference title going
against a team that ended the equivalent of a nine-game series (three double
overtimes, two single overtimes) against the Tri-City Americans for the Western
laurels less than three days ago.

So can the Hurricanes, unbeaten in their last eight playoff starts, use that
rest period to exploit a possibly weary foe?

"I don't know if exploit is the right word," said Lethbridge general manager Roy
Stasiuk, in Calgary on Wednesday and Thursday for the WHL awards luncheon and
Bantam Draft. "We watched that series and it wasn't a real physical series. It
was two good skating teams with a lot of flow to it.

"It wasn't bump and grind, it wasn't get dirty in the corners. There was a lot
of speed, a lot of excitement so I don't know how tired Spokane will be . . .
they're kids, they're reilient and we're expecting them to come even harder.

"The adrenalin alone will certainly lift up their game."

The Lethbridge management and coaching staff staggered their players' days off
during the break before bringing them back to a more sustained workload during
their final handful of practices. And while the break certainly helped heal the
wounds of some players not available for the Calgary series, Stasiuk said it
went beyond that.

"Probably the most significant thing was the mental break," he said. "I think
that's really important for kids this age."

But rust does build in lengthy layoffs and Stasiuk, like most observers, can
only wait and see exactly how beneficial or detrimental and 10-day layoff was to
coach Michael Dyck's troops.

"We'll know by the 10, 11-minute mark of the first game if it's going to hurt us
or help us," surmised Stasiuk. "It's probably going to take us some time to find
our game legs and get back in the groove."

Although no one is quite sure what type of series to expect, the two teams match
up quite well. Both have considerable skill, perhaps a slight edge to Lethbridge
in depth; both can bring great pace and both have solid goaltending.

In fact, Hurricanes' rookie goalie Juha Metsola and the Chiefs' Dustin Tokarski
were both named conference playoff MVPs.

"I think we're very similar," said Stasiuk. "We both have some speed, good
goaltending, we work off the transition well . . . it's almost going to be like
a heavyweight boxing bout where I'm sure it's going to take a game or two to
feel each other out and find each others strengths and weaknesses and move on
from there."

Game 2 will be played Saturday night at Spokane with the series returning to
Lethbridge on Tuesday and Wednesday for the third and fourth games.

This and That: The Hurricanes will make a couple of roster changes, reinserting
veteran D Paul MacDonald of Calgary and F Cam Braes, who were nursing injuries.
That will force D Lucas Alexiuk and 16-year-old rookie F Austin Fyten of Calgary
to join 16-year-old D Brennan Yadlowski on the sidelines. Fyten, who joined the
team for the playoffs, was the overtime hero in Game 2 against Calgary. "You
want to go to the dance with the people who got you there," said Stasiuk of the
changes. "You hate to do those things but at the same time, it's a tribute to
the depth and skill on our roster that we have good players sitting on the
sidelines."

jdown@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Calgary Herald Archive; Finnish goalie Juha Metsola was the biggest
reason why the Lethbridge Hurricanes enjoyed an easy semifinal sweep of the
Calgary Hitmen. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                             May 21, 2016 Saturday

Try! Try! Try! Injera now all-time top try scorer

BYLINE: AYUMBA AYODI

LENGTH: 530  words


Even though Kenya Sevens lost to France 12-29, that didn't remove the shine from
Injera's exploits.


Kenya Sevens utility back Collins Injera celebrated a milestone on Saturday when
he scored at the death against France at London Sevens to become World Rugby
Sevens Series all-time highest try scorer with 231 touchdowns.
Even though Kenya Sevens lost to France 12-29, that didn't remove the shine from
Injera's exploits as he was set up by elder brother Humphrey Kayange at the
in-goal area to make the historic try that surpassed Argentina coach Santiago
Gomez Cora's all-time record of 230.


Cora's record had stood since 2009 when he scored as Argentina edged out England
19-14 to lift USA Sevens in San Diego.
The 29-year-old Injera, who operates as a winger, but occasionally drops to
centre and scrum-half positions, went down on his knees with his arms aloft to
thank God at the Twickenham Stadium.
He then rose for a warm hug from Kayange, took off his jersey number 11 before
dashing to the stands to hug his parents Mr and Mrs Wilfred Emonyi, then handed
them the jersey.
Injera returned to the ground to warm congratulations from the rest of the
Kenyan and French players.
"It's a great feeling and a milestone since I started playing rugby," said
Injera. He started playing the game while at Vihiga High School where he
graduated in 2005 before joining defunct Ulinzi RFC and then his current Mwamba
RFC.
He added: "Twickenham has always been special for me."
It's at the same arena where Injera scored his 200th try last year for his
controversial signature on an expensive the camera lens. The images went viral
on the Internet.
"I want to thank my family who have been there through this journey and my
teammates for their support," said Injera adding that they may not have won the
match but their victory in Singapore gave them a good build up ahead of Rio
Olympic Games in August. "I am sure we can do it in Rio if we peak at the right
time again."
INJERA ON THE SPOTLIGHT
Kenya had earlier beaten Portugal 22-17 before losing to Scotland 12-24 dropped
to Bowl.
(READ: Kenya edge Portugal in London Sevens opener)
All eyes were on Injera at the kick off against France but it was Pierre Gilles
Lakafia who sprinted down to plant under the post before Steeve Barry and Damien
Cler crossed the line too to lead 19-0 at the break.
Vakatawa and Arthur Retiere scored to take a 29-0 lead. Kenya mounted a late
rally with captain Andrew Amonde touching down before Kayange helped Injera make
history.  Injera had landed twice to level Cora's record even as Kenya lost to
Scotland 12-24. With Kenya trailing 0-19, Kayange broke clear before laying
Injera to score his 229th try. Kenya got a penalty inside Scotland's 22m as
Injera gave it a quick tap before weaving through to score and equal Cora's
feat.
Against Portugal, Oscar Ayodi scored a braces as Kenya Sevens rallied from 5-17
at the break to tame Portugal 22-17.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/338/1144/42/146385739963.jpg

Kenya's Collins Injera runs with the ball during a HSBC Paris Sevens Series
rugby match between Kenya and Portugal at the Stade Jean Bouin in Paris on May
13, 2016. PHOTO | THOMAS SAMSON |

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2016 Nation Media Group
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Portrait of an art loverDocumentary pays tribute to the significant
contributions and connections of Peggy Guggenheim

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 549 words


Jocelyne ZABLIT

Agence France-Presse

Los Angeles

A new documentary film offers an intimate look at Peggy Guggenheim, known as
much for the number of men she slept with as her lasting mark on 20th century
art.

"Peggy Guggenheim: Art Addict" delves into the idiosyncratic collector's life,
using previously unheard recorded interviews that were her last before dying in
1979 at age 81.

From losing her father who went down on the Titanic to her many lovers
â[#x20ac]" including Samuel Beckett, Max Ernst and Marcel Duchamp â[#x20ac]" the
documentary offers a riveting portrait of Guggenheim, exploring everything from
her troubled relationship with her daughter, Pegeen, to her botched nose job.

Filmmaker Lisa Immordino Vreeland, who interviewed some 60 people for the film,
says she decided to do a film on Guggenheim to offer a full and honest portrait
of a complex woman largely known for her sexual exploits and less for her
lasting mark on the art world.

"I felt that she was really misunderstood and her role in art history was
something that was too tempered because people really didn't understand what her
accomplishments were," says Vreeland, whose 2011 feature debut was a documentary
about fashion photographer Diana Vreeland, her husband's grandmother.

"Guggenheim's other side, the sexual side, her exploits, make up her fantastic
character," Vreeland says. "But it was really not about the lovers, it was about
this very contemporary approach that she took to life."

The film charts Guggenheim's journey as she used her modest fortune to amass one
of the most impressive collections of 20th century art, initially guided by
instinct and French painter Duchamp.

Her patronage helped launch the careers of American artists like Jackson
Pollock, whom she supported with a monthly stipend, and Ernst, whom she married
and divorced in two years.

"She not only connected with the art but she connected with the artists and her
life became very much that," Vreeland says. "She made very courageous choices
and we always have to think about Peggy and courage."

The film delves into Guggenheim's troubled and tragic family life.

She was devastated by the loss of her father at the age of 13 and then later by
the death of her lover, the English intellectual John Holms, described as the
greatest love of her life.

She also had a fraught relationship with her two children from her marriage to
the writer Laurence Vail.

"I think she really had some emotional voids in her life and the art filled it
up," Vreeland says.

The film, which chronicles different periods in Guggenheim's life, also brings
across her loneliness as she took her impressive art collection and finally
settled at her 18th century palace in Venice.

Vreeland said while Guggenheim was initially referred to as the "crazy American"
in Venice, she soon became a star attraction and everyone came knocking on her
door.

"But I think she did feel quite alone," Vreeland says. "I think she always felt
it but it came out much more toward the end of her life."

Vreeland says she hoped her film will change Guggenheim's legacy and ensure she
is remembered for her indelible mark on the history of art.

"She had a very important and significant role in London, Paris, New York and
Venice," Vreeland says. "And historically, nobody had this kind of role
worldwide."

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Portrait of an art loverDocumentary pays tribute to the significant
contributions and connections of Peggy Guggenheim

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 549 words


Jocelyne ZABLIT

Agence France-Presse

Los Angeles

A new documentary film offers an intimate look at Peggy Guggenheim, known as
much for the number of men she slept with as her lasting mark on 20th century
art.

"Peggy Guggenheim: Art Addict" delves into the idiosyncratic collector's life,
using previously unheard recorded interviews that were her last before dying in
1979 at age 81.

From losing her father who went down on the Titanic to her many lovers
â[#x20ac]" including Samuel Beckett, Max Ernst and Marcel Duchamp â[#x20ac]" the
documentary offers a riveting portrait of Guggenheim, exploring everything from
her troubled relationship with her daughter, Pegeen, to her botched nose job.

Filmmaker Lisa Immordino Vreeland, who interviewed some 60 people for the film,
says she decided to do a film on Guggenheim to offer a full and honest portrait
of a complex woman largely known for her sexual exploits and less for her
lasting mark on the art world.

"I felt that she was really misunderstood and her role in art history was
something that was too tempered because people really didn't understand what her
accomplishments were," says Vreeland, whose 2011 feature debut was a documentary
about fashion photographer Diana Vreeland, her husband's grandmother.

"Guggenheim's other side, the sexual side, her exploits, make up her fantastic
character," Vreeland says. "But it was really not about the lovers, it was about
this very contemporary approach that she took to life."

The film charts Guggenheim's journey as she used her modest fortune to amass one
of the most impressive collections of 20th century art, initially guided by
instinct and French painter Duchamp.

Her patronage helped launch the careers of American artists like Jackson
Pollock, whom she supported with a monthly stipend, and Ernst, whom she married
and divorced in two years.

"She not only connected with the art but she connected with the artists and her
life became very much that," Vreeland says. "She made very courageous choices
and we always have to think about Peggy and courage."

The film delves into Guggenheim's troubled and tragic family life.

She was devastated by the loss of her father at the age of 13 and then later by
the death of her lover, the English intellectual John Holms, described as the
greatest love of her life.

She also had a fraught relationship with her two children from her marriage to
the writer Laurence Vail.

"I think she really had some emotional voids in her life and the art filled it
up," Vreeland says.

The film, which chronicles different periods in Guggenheim's life, also brings
across her loneliness as she took her impressive art collection and finally
settled at her 18th century palace in Venice.

Vreeland said while Guggenheim was initially referred to as the "crazy American"
in Venice, she soon became a star attraction and everyone came knocking on her
door.

"But I think she did feel quite alone," Vreeland says. "I think she always felt
it but it came out much more toward the end of her life."

Vreeland says she hoped her film will change Guggenheim's legacy and ensure she
is remembered for her indelible mark on the history of art.

"She had a very important and significant role in London, Paris, New York and
Venice," Vreeland says. "And historically, nobody had this kind of role
worldwide."

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

CSU must worry about Fajardo

BYLINE: Mike Brohard Loveland Reporter-Herald

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 727 words


FORT COLLINS -- As with all dual-threat quarterbacks, there's the ability to
break out of the pocket and move the chains that worries Jim McElwain about Cody
Fajardo.

On the flip side, the junior who came into the starting job at Nevada feared
most of all for his ability to run, has proven the past two years he can sling
it pretty good, too.

 Better than ever, actually.



 The Nevada quarterback enters Saturday's game with Colorado State (1:30 p.m,)
completing 66.9 percent of his passes (which ranks seventh nationally),
averaging 279.4 yards per game. This week, he'll face a defense that is allowing
309.6 yards per game through the air.

 "We've got to take what they give us," Fajardo said. "They do some great things
in the back end, and they have a great pass rush. It's obviously going to be a
great game for us, but we know we have to exploit some of their weaknesses as
they want to exploit some of our weaknesses.

 "For us to go out and pass the ball, if that's what we've got to do to win the
game, that's what we're going to do. If it takes running the ball, that's what
we're going to do as well."

 The Rams would like to keep him in check with either option, and that will take
some discipline in approach. It's not as if he is untouchable, as the Wolf Pack
has allowed 18 sacks this season.

 "We each have to do our jobs," CSU defensive end Joe Kawulok said. "Whenever
they get into passing situations, we have to keep our pass-rush lanes and just
execute.

 "If everyone is doing their job up front, then we can contain him. We can't be
playing selfish. We all know that. We just have to go out there and execute and
do our job and not try to do anything more."

 That was the issue McElwain said the defense ran into when it rarely put
pressure on Boise State quarterback Grant Hedrick. Making just his second career
start, he hit the Rams for five passing touchdowns and one on the ground.

 Fajardo is much more experienced, with 8,371 yards of total offense in his
career, and he's climbing the passing charts at the school.

 That's important to note, as the original book was he was more of a threat to
run when he took over for Colin Kaepernick. Now, he's changed the scouting
report on himself.

 "I played with Colin Kaepernick, and Cody is the same type of quarterback,"
Nevada receiver Brandon Wimberly said. "They both have a strong arm. They both
can run."

 Fajardo, who is not as big as Kaepernick but still gifted at 6-foot-2, 210
pounds, said when he first took over the position at the school, all the film
study and defensive breakdown was confusing, so he went with his natural
athleticism and went out and played. Quite often, that lead to him tucking and
running. While he doesn't do it as much, he's still dangerous when he does,
averaging 58.7 yards rushing per outing (second on the team with 411 yards), and
he tagged Fresno State's defense with a 47-yard jaunt last week.

 But it is his ability to throw the ball that has made him more dangerous, and
it didn't come without a bit of effort. There was also a knee injury earlier in
the year (he missed two games) that he said forced him to spend a bit more time
in the pocket looking down field, instead of finding breakdowns in the pass
rush.

 "Anytime you work toward something in the offseason -- and that was obviously
my goal, to become a better passer -- and when you see the results, that's a
great thing," Fajardo said. "Obviously the results aren't good enough because we
want to win games, and I want to win games. We need some more results. That's
where the pressure lies on. When everything is going good and we're winning
games, then it's easy to take pride in it, but losing games, even if your
numbers looks good, that's not what I want."

 It's this new-and-improved game of Fajardo's that has the Rams in a quandary.
They've played well against the run, but the defense has been stung by
scrambling quarterbacks -- even some not noted for it -- and most of all by
those who can find receivers down field.

 Either way, Fajardo's a threat. And a major concern. Linebacker Shaquil Barrett
said Fajardo is good, so he'll make plays. It's up to the defense how many they
allow.

 "Just try to contain him. He's like a Brett Smith quarterback from Wyoming,"
Barrett said. "We just have to try our best to contain him. He's going to get
his plays, just keep them to few and far apart."

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             July 10, 1999 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

CARNEGIE MUSEUM UNEARTHS ` LOST WORLD'

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; FILM NOTES; Pg. D-7

LENGTH: 723 words


Carnegie Museum of Natural History will offer two showings this weekend of the
1925 silent-movie version of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's dinosaur adventure "The
Lost World."

A precursor to such modern sagas as "Jurassic Park," the movie follows the
exploits of an explorer (Wallace Beery) who leads an expedition to South
America, where he believes the prehistoric creatures still exist.

The movie is part of the museum's current dinosaur celebration. Other weekend
activities include a scavenger hunt, Dinosaur Storytime, indoor and outdoor
games and a sluice where youngsters can hunt for their own fossils.

"The Lost World" will be shown at 2:30 p.m. today and 2 p.m. tomorrow at the
Carnegie Museum of Art Theater.

The film and the other activities are free with regular museum admission ($6
adults, $5 senior citizens, $4 children ages 3 to 18 and full-time students with
ID, free to children under 3 and Carnegie members).

*

The documentary film "Dancing Outlaw" headlines this month's Film Kitchen
program at 8 p.m. Tuesday at Pittsburgh Filmmakers Melwood Screening Room, 477
Melwood Ave., Oakland. Admission is $3.

The movie tells the story of Jesco White, a West Virginia tap dancer who gets in
trouble with the law and believes he is Elvis. The film aired originally in 1991
on a Morgantown public television station, which sells about 500 copies of the
film each year.

Director Jacob Young continued his chronicle of White's exploits in "Dancing
Outlaw II: Jesco Goes to Hollywood," which shows what happened when comedy star
Roseanne invited Jesco to appear on her TV talk show. It will also be shown at
Film Kitchen along with a third Young documentary, "Glitch in the System," about
a chemist whose facility is raided by the EPA.

Rounding out the program is a short film about dance, "First, She Said Yes,"
directed by Tara Fallaux.

Young will be in attendance to answer questions, as will Becky Mingo, a
Pittsburgher who choreographed "First, She Said Yes."

*

Three classic thrillers make up this month's Sunday night film series at the
Regent Square Theater in Edgewood.

The series kicks off tomorrow with "Night of the Hunter," directed by Charles
Laughton. It stars Robert Mitchum as a con-man preacher who, in search of stolen
money, terrorizes a family of orphaned children. Lillian Gish plays the woman
who takes them in.

Showing July 18 is "The Wages of Fear," directed by Henri-Georges Clouzot. Set
in South America, the film stars Yves Montand as the leader of a group of
expatriates who agree to transport two truckloads of nitroglycerine over
treacherous back roads.

The series concludes July 25 with Akira Kurosawa's "High and Low," about a rich
businessman who must decide whether to pay the ransom when kidnappers mistakenly
abduct his chauffeur's son.

For more information: 412-682-4111.

*

The movie originally titled "Ballbusted" and later known as "Pittsburgh" has yet
another name. Now, this comedy from Universal Pictures is called "Foolproof."

There's still no word on why the film had been named after our fair city. It was
shot in Vancouver, for one thing. The plot concerns a chauffeur who kidnaps his
boss's dog. Norm McDonald, Danny DeVito and Daniel Benzali are among the cast
members.

The movie marks the directorial debut of Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski,
who wrote the screenplays for such critically acclaimed films as "Ed Wood" and
"The People vs. Larry Flynt," as well as for the upcoming "Man in the Moon,"
starring Jim Carrey as the late comedian Andy Kaufman.

*

The Sweetwater Center for the Arts in Sewickley will feature films from
Australia and New Zealand in a summer film series. The films are:

"Gallipoli," Peter Weir's powerful anti-war drama starring Mel Gibson, today.

"Proof," directed by Jocelyn Morehouse, July 17.

"Crocodile Dundee," a comedy starring Paul Hogan as an unflappable Australian
backwoodsman who accompanies a female reporter to New York City, July 24.

"Navigator," directed by Vincent Ward, whose most recent film was "What Dreams
May Come," July 31.

"Once Were Warriors," a drama about domestic violence among the indigenous
peoples of New Zealand, Aug. 7.

"Oscar and Lucinda," directed by Gillian Armstrong and starring Ralph Fiennes
and Cate Blanchett as unlikely shipboard lovers gambling on their futures, a
Pittsburgh premiere showing Aug. 14.

For ticket information: 412-741-4405.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Philip Le Masurier Photo: Ralph Fiennes Stars In Gillian
Armstrong's "Oscar And Lucinda," Which Will Have Its Local Premiere Aug. 14 At
The Sweetwater Center For The Arts In Sewickley.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 1999 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              462 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Washington: ICE HSI San Francisco Special Agent in Charge participates in Bay
Area human trafficking conference

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has issued the following
news release:



 On Dec. 7, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security
Investigations (HSI) San Francisco Special Agent in Charge (SAC) Ryan L.
Spradlin participated in a panel discussion at the 2016 San Francisco
Collaborative Against Human Trafficking (SFCAHT) conference in San Francisco,
California. Also appearing on the panel with SAC Spradlin were Northern District
of California U.S. Attorney Brian Stretch and Alameda District Attorney Nancy
O'Malley.





 During the panel discussion, SAC Spradlin highlighted HSI's long-term
commitment to combating human trafficking, including the agency's efforts as
part of the Blue Campaign. As Spradlin noted, "Human trafficking is a crime that
often happens in the shadows of everyday life, but it is through events like
this that we raise awareness, and through partnerships with those in this room
that we begin to take back our communities from the criminal organizations that
seek to exploit our citizenry."



 SFCAHT was established December 2009 as a result of efforts between government
and non-governmental organizations to tackle the issue of human trafficking in
San Francisco. SFCAHT is committed to ending human trafficking through the
advocacy and actions of anti-trafficking advocates, policy experts, and
governmental organizations, including the law enforcement community. HSI works
closely with law enforcement partners in San Francisco to investigate and
dismantle transnational criminal organizations that utilize human trafficking as
a means to exploit innocent people and make money.  Recently, HSI San Francisco
announced the sentencing of a Bay Area gang member who received a 12-year prison
term for a series of crimes, including trafficking of a 16-year-old girl who was
forced into prostitution.



 The event was attended by local government representatives, members of
non-governmental organizations and law enforcement personnel from throughout
northern California.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Washington: ICE HSI San Francisco Special Agent in Charge participates in Bay
Area human trafficking conference

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has issued the following
news release:



 On Dec. 7, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security
Investigations (HSI) San Francisco Special Agent in Charge (SAC) Ryan L.
Spradlin participated in a panel discussion at the 2016 San Francisco
Collaborative Against Human Trafficking (SFCAHT) conference in San Francisco,
California. Also appearing on the panel with SAC Spradlin were Northern District
of California U.S. Attorney Brian Stretch and Alameda District Attorney Nancy
O'Malley.





 During the panel discussion, SAC Spradlin highlighted HSI's long-term
commitment to combating human trafficking, including the agency's efforts as
part of the Blue Campaign. As Spradlin noted, "Human trafficking is a crime that
often happens in the shadows of everyday life, but it is through events like
this that we raise awareness, and through partnerships with those in this room
that we begin to take back our communities from the criminal organizations that
seek to exploit our citizenry."



 SFCAHT was established December 2009 as a result of efforts between government
and non-governmental organizations to tackle the issue of human trafficking in
San Francisco. SFCAHT is committed to ending human trafficking through the
advocacy and actions of anti-trafficking advocates, policy experts, and
governmental organizations, including the law enforcement community. HSI works
closely with law enforcement partners in San Francisco to investigate and
dismantle transnational criminal organizations that utilize human trafficking as
a means to exploit innocent people and make money.  Recently, HSI San Francisco
announced the sentencing of a Bay Area gang member who received a 12-year prison
term for a series of crimes, including trafficking of a 16-year-old girl who was
forced into prostitution.



 The event was attended by local government representatives, members of
non-governmental organizations and law enforcement personnel from throughout
northern California.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 8, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Every Edition

The ethics of Hacking 101

BYLINE: Ellen Nakashima;;Ashkan Soltani

SECTION: SPECIAL NEWS; Pg. AA02

LENGTH: 1963 words


At the University of Tulsa, professor Sujeet Shenoi is teaching students how to
hack into oil pipelines and electric power plants.

At Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, professor David Brumley is
instructing students on how to write software to break into computer networks.

And George Hotz, a largely self-taught hacker who became a millionaire in part
by finding flaws in Apple and other computer systems, is now back in school,
where he's one of the stars on Carnegie Mellon's competitive hacking team.

Shenoi, Brumley and Hotz are players in a controversial area of technology: the
teaching and practice of what is loosely called "cyberoffense." In a world in
which businesses, the military and governments rely on computer systems that are
potentially vulnerable, having the ability to break into those systems provides
a strategic advantage.

Unsurprisingly, ethics is a big issue in this field. Both professors say they
build an ethics component into their curriculum; Shenoi won't even accept
students who don't promise to work, if hired, for the National Security Agency,
the Energy Department or another U.S. government agency.

But some experts say the academic community is not taking ethics seriously
enough, and professors are not accepting responsibility for the potentially
dangerous skills they are teaching.

The very nature of hacking means that a lot of its skills and standards evolve
outside academia. (Hotz, known in tech circles by the handle "geohot," says he
learned most of what he knows on the Internet "and from playing with things.")
This leads advocates of teaching cyberoffense to say that the "good guys" have
to keep up - which in turn raises more questions about whether such education is
morally right.

"There's a very large stigma around saying we do anything offense-related," said
Tyler Nighswander, 23, a computer science graduate student at Carnegie Mellon.
"It's certainly understandable that you don't want to say your school teaches
offense - 'Oh, you mean you teach kids how to break into computers and steal
stuff?' "

Some academics note that it may be too late to stop the worldwide expansion of
offensive cyber tools and techniques.

"There is an escalating arms race in cyberspace as governments, companies and
malicious actors are all going on the offensive, most of it under a shroud of
secrecy and absent any meaningful political oversight," said Ron Deibert,
director of the University of Toronto's Citizen Lab.

Seeking 'vulnerabilities'

No more than a handful of professors have the knowledge and resources to teach
cyberattack skills at the level of Brumley or Shenoi, whose students are heavily
recruited for government and industry positions.

At Tulsa, Shenoi, 54, obtains permission from energy companies for his students
to attempt to hack into them, infiltrating the systems that run gas pipelines or
power grids and gaining access to critical U.S. infrastructure. They also do
penetration testing for other companies, finding "vulnerabilities," or flaws,
that enemy hackers could exploit.

"We have a class where we teach people how to write things like Stuxnet," Shenoi
said, referring to a computer worm, reportedly developed by U.S. and Israeli
scientists, that was found in 2010 and damaged about 1,000 centrifuges in an
Iranian uranium-enrichment plant, delaying the country's nuclear program.
Stuxnet, whose deployment is often considered the first true use of a
cyberweapon, was built around an unprecedented four "zero-day exploits"  - that
is, attack tools based on previously unknown software flaws.

Shenoi began teaching courses on offensive computer techniques in 1999, he said,
and by 2008, Tulsa was offering an  entire program. Now, he said, there are
"four courses in reverse engineering, two in cyber operations, two in offensive
SCADA [supervisory control and data acquisition], and one on malware analysis
and creation."

Shenoi said that the potential power of offensive cyber techniques is so great
that he accepts only students who intend to work for the government and who have
records that would qualify them for government security clearances. He
interviews all the applicants as well as their parents. He sends 15 to 20
students a year, he said, to work at the NSA or the CIA.

"In order for me to teach these real-world attack skills, these students have to
be trusted," he said. "They cannot go to work for the private sector.

"There's no reason to teach private-sector people how to use Stinger missiles,"
he continued. Similarly, he said, you don't teach them to use cyber weapons.

Brumley, 39, has taught offensive cyber skills since 2009. A self-described
"patriot," he says he discusses ethics in his classes at Carnegie Mellon -  an
introductory computer security course as well as more advanced vulnerability
analysis. Some of Brumley's students work for the government,  but most go to
start-ups,  big companies such as Google or defense contractors.

To develop their skills, Brumley encourages his students to compete in hacking
contests. In August, a recreational team he advises called PPP, made up of about
20 current and former Carnegie Mellon students, won the ultimate U.S. showcase
of hacking skills at the DefCon hacking conference in Las Vegas - a
"capture-the-flag" competition in which 20 teams tried to break into one
another's computers.

PPP's top gun is Hotz, who gained fame in 2007 for "jailbreaking" the previously
impenetrable iPhone. He left Carnegie Mellon as a 23-year-old sophomore to work
on his own, and is now back as a junior at 25. Hotz is so skilled that he has
won some contests solo - as in July, when he beat nine teams to win $30,000 at
the SecuInside competition in Seoul. He earned $200,000 in April for finding
bugs in Google's Chromebook computer and the Firefox browser. Brumley calls him
"a machine."  Hotz boasts that he is "maybe the best hacker in the world."

A question of profit

Obviously, these students are developing valuable skills. Shenoi says his
students never make money off the vulnerabilities they discover or exploits they
develop. They give the information for free to the companies whose systems they
are testing, or to the government. Intelligence agency officials fly every so
often to Tulsa to be briefed on the flaws the students have found.

Brumley agrees that it is dangerous to share vulnerabilities or exploits with
anyone but the software vendor or the U.S. government.

"If you're selling exploits in a free market," he said, "then you're potentially
selling them to the adversary."

Nighswander, a former student of Brumley's, said that he has never sold a
vulnerability to a software vendor, but that he thinks it's ethical to do so,
saying, "When you think that finding a vulnerability can take weeks and months,
you can understand that the person wants to get compensated."

Hotz declined to say whether he has sold an exploit (although he was caught last
year on a surreptitiously recorded conversation appearing to broker a $350,000
deal to sell exploits to jailbreak the iPhone to a Chinese company).

"I have never worked with any  country aside from the U.S.," he said. He says he
doesn't dwell on issues of morality,  saying, "I'm not big on ethics."

Brian Pak, 25, who created the PPP hacking team while studying under Brumley and
now works for a start-up he cofounded, said that sometimes, noodling around on
his own, he finds bugs in software and discloses them to the software vendor. He
said he has never sold information about flaws, although some vendors offer
"bounties" of up to several thousand dollars. He holds onto some vulnerabilities
for use in research - a practice common among security researchers, he said.

"I also don't think it's unethical to provide vulnerabilities or exploits to the
U.S. government," Pak said. "I trust the U.S. government. The government
protects me. As long as it's not used against our own people, I see less of an
issue."

But some experts disapprove of providing previously unknown or "zero day"
vulnerabilities to the government - whether for free or for profit. They worry
that, rather than disclosing these zero days to vendors, the government is
stockpiling them for use against adversaries. Doing so would leave the software
vendors ignorant of dangerous flaws in their products, making the Internet less
secure, they say. They also charge that the government is using these tools with
far too little public debate, for example, in the controversial area of domestic
law enforcement.

Christopher Soghoian, chief technologist for the American Civil Liberties Union,
said the government should have a policy of promptly disclosing any bugs it
discovers so that software companies such as Microsoft can fix them before they
cause damage. Not doing so can undermine network security, he said.

But Brumley said such a blanket policy would be unwise.

"The obvious example is Stuxnet," which destroyed Iranian centrifuges, he said.
That, he said, was "an opportunity to use an exploit for good."

"Twenty years earlier, that would be the thing that we flew in bombers and
bombed factories for, and people would die," he said.

Dual-use tools

Selling exploits and vulnerabilities is not illegal, per se, but selling them
with the intent  that they'll be used to hack someone else's computer is a
crime. Software is a classic "dual use" product. It can be used to do something
as innocuous as unlock an iPhone to allow consumers to switch providers or as
destructive as causing an adversary's nuclear centrifuges to spin out of
control.

Some academics say the teaching of hacking techniques should remain limited.

"I'm personally against the widespread or wholesale teaching of offensive
cyber," said Arthur Conklin, associate professor of information and logistics
technology at the University of Houston. For one thing, he said, vetting
students for trustworthiness, as Shenoi does, would be impractical on a mass
scale.

Giovanni Vigna, a computer science professor at the University of California at
Santa Barbara, warned that not teaching offensive skills is "not a very smart
option because the bad guys are going to develop them anyway." He added, "The
key is to make the students understand what are the lines that cannot be
crossed." So he integrates into his courses on offensive cyber "a very
substantial chapter on ethical issues."

Some experts argue that the government should regulate the sale and use of
offensive  cyber technology - but others, including Shenoi, say regulation will
only drive the market for such products deeper underground. At this point, the
U.S. government is in the process of placing export controls on some hacking and
surveillance tools. It already has forbidden the sale of such technologies to
countries with particularly egregious human rights records, such as Sudan and
Iran.

Meanwhile, interest in offensive cyber skills is growing. Experts estimate that
several thousand personnel in private industry work at finding bugs and building
exploits. More companies are training employees in offensive skills, and more
people are competing in hacking competitions.

In this context, Soghoian of the ACLU fears that universities are teaching
students high-end skills without a solid ethical foundation.

"The academic computer security community has not yet realized the role they are
playing in cyberwar," he said.

Shenoi said that, above all, he wants to impress upon his students the
responsibilities that come with their technological prowess.

"They have great power to do harm. They have power to intimidate. They have
power to accrue money illegally," he said. "What I tell them is, 'You may be
learning some potentially deadly skills. But use them gently and wisely, and use
them for the good of society.' "

ellen.nakashima@washpost.com

ashkan.soltani@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            February 8, 1999, Monday

BAFFERT LOADS HIS DERBY GUNS; BAFFERT'S ONE TO BEAT, AGAIN

BYLINE: ED FOUNTAINE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 057

LENGTH: 461 words


With the May 1 Kentucky Derby fewer than three months away, questions abound
about a confusing 3-year-old picture.

Can trainer Bob Baffert win his third Derby in a row? Will Sheikh Mohammed al
Maktoum's Godolphin Stable string of million-dollar colts make history by
preparing for the Run for the Roses in the Dubai dessert? Can either D. Wayne
Lukas or Nick Zito saddle his third Derby winner of the '90s Or is there a
Cinderella horse waiting in the wings who is going to upset the apple cart?

The old saying "success breeds success" applies to no one more than Baffert.
Three years ago, the white-haired, wise-cracking wizard of the West Coast was
known only for his barnful of sprinters, and if you'd said then he would come
within an inch of winning the next three Kentucky Derbys in a row, you would
have been committed.

But Baffert sent out Cavonnier to lose by a nose in 1996, then won the Derby
with Silver Charm in '97 and Real Quiet last year.

Baffert is again loaded for bear with at least a half-dozen Derby candidates,
including the top-notch fillies Silverbulletday and Excellent Meeting. His good
colts include General Challenge and Prime Timber, but none is more highly
regarded than the undefeated Exploit.

Making his first start of the year last Saturday in the seven-furlong San
Vicente at Santa Anita, Exploit battled for the lead with the top sprinter Yes
It's True through blazing fractions, put him away, then withstood the stretch
challenge of Aristotle to win by a neck in a swift 1:22.

"When you see them hook up like that, you say, 'Let's see how good he is,'"
Baffert said. "The good horses, they keep going. He got a little tired and I
didn't have him cranked up for this one.

"This horse doesn't like to lose. He shows me more in the afternoons than in the
mornings. Silver Charm used to do that."

If Exploit, who takes the California route to Kentucky with the Santa Anita
Derby in April his primary prep, is still unbeaten when he arrives at Churchill
Downs, he'll be a strong favorite. But handicappers still will face a huge
dilemma: What to do about the Arabian horses?

Godolphin does not plan to race Worldly Manner or Comeonmom - both graded stakes
winners in America before the Sheikh bought them - on these shores before the
Derby. Instead, they will race against each other and other Godolphin horses in
exhibition heats in Dubai.

On the surface, this seems insane. But the Sheikh's racing managers are sharp
operators. Godolphin has dominated racing in England for years, and their
Lamtarra won the mile and a half Epsom Derby in his first start of the year.

And don't forget, they sent the top European grass horse Swain over to just miss
winning last year's Breeders' Cup Classic on dirt.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1999 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              466 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           February 14, 2009 Saturday

Last of the mountain men

SECTION: WEEKEND; Book Reviews; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 871 words


BIOGRAPHY: ANTHONY GLAVINreviews  The Last American ManBy Elizabeth Gilbert
Bloomsbury, 274pp. £ 14.99

THE OPENING scene of Robert Altman s McCabe and Mrs Miller, wherein the American
film-maker set out  to destroy all the myths of heroism , shows the two-bit
gambler McCabe, played by Warren Beatty, riding into a wilderness village with a
pack-horse behind, on which sits a hat-box containing his treasured bowler.

It is, to put it mildly, an image which merrily thumbs its nose at the frontier
mythos shaped by the real-life exploits of Davy Crockett and Daniel Boone, and
perpetuated in tall tales of Paul Bunyan and Pecos Bill.

The same mythos, in fact, that even yet underpins the decidedly 21st-century
story of The Last American Man,a riveting, deftly written, biography of Eustace
Conway, naturalist and mountain man, by Elizabeth Gilbert, author of the
international best-seller, Eat, Pray, Love. Born in South Carolina in 1961,
Conway spent as much of his unhappy childhood as he could manage out-of-doors,
before leaving home at age 17 to live in a tepee in the North Carolina woods,
where he made his own buckskin clothes and moccasins, fashioned his own tools,
and fed himself on whatever he could forage or kill.

In 1981, he set off with a friend to walk the 2,000-mile Appalachian trail from
Maine to Georgia in four and a half months, a punishing feat of endurance that
set the standard for other exploits to follow. These included a 100-day,
gruelling coast-to-coast horseback journey across America in 1995 with his
younger brother, Justen, and a female friend, and another non-stop 2,500-mile
trip two years later, this time in a horse-drawn buggy with a girl friend named
Patience, across the Great Plains of Nebraska and the Dakotas, up into Canada,
and back down through Montana and Wyoming.

Conway was an equally driven educator and public speaker, criss-crossing the
South to lecture, nay proselytise, both school kids and businessmen about his
singular forest life. The money he made from countless such talks enabled him,
in 1987, to purchase the first woodlot of what would become his 1,000-acre
Turtle Island Preserve in the Blue Ridge mountains of North Carolina. Conway
initially envisioned this as a utopian refuge that would do nothing less than
transform US society by allowing him to personally reintroduce his fellow
Americans   seduced by consumerism and alienated by technology   to the very
first-hand communion with nature that had helped shape the identity of the
frontier nation two centuries earlier.

Such staggering self-belief might be described as incredibly naive, messianic or
narcissistic, take your pick, but these are only a few of the descriptors
along with handsome, charismatic, keenly intelligent, unbelievably resourceful,
workaholic, and perfectionist to the point of control freak   which help define
a preternatural horseman, crack marksman, self-taught blacksmith and carpenter,
natural-born teacher, brilliant entrepreneur, plus unabashed showman, whom
Gilbert herself describes as  this most complex and modern of mountain men .

Patriarchal is another adjective used by several of a myriad of ex-girlfriends
who ve been initially smitten by the force of nature that is Eustace Conway, but
who ve proved ultimately unable to stay the course.  That s how it happens with
Eustace,  explains Patience.  You get sucked into the vortex of his goals and
life, and then you re lost. All he did on that trip was boss me around and tell
me what to do.

Patriarchal also neatly serves to introduce what arguably lies at the heart of
this biography, namely a tortuous and heart-breaking failed relationship with
his hypercritical, domineering and detached father, Eustace Conway III, a
relationship that has trammelled Eustace Conway IV from his childhood to the
present day.  I am . . . beaten down by years of oppression,  he wrote in his
early 30s in a letter to his father, a brilliant chemical engineer with a PhD
from MIT.  Every day I wake up and am in pain over this , before adding that  a
healthier relationship is my goal, not a more aggravated one . A cri-de-coeur
which, per Gilbert, once again brought no response from Eustace senior. Personal
relationships, says Gilbert, have proved by far the greatest challenge for the
outdoorsman who has mastered so much else, whether those with his three younger
siblings, his handful of long-term friends, or in his so-far futile search over
the past 20 years for a wife who might bear him the 13 children he has long
envisioned. Romantic love, as Gilbert goes on to point out in this canny
exploration of national character, has never featured in the narrative of the
self-made American frontiersman, which is possibly why filmmaker Robert Altman
introduces his anti-hero McCabe to Mrs Miller, an enterprising prostitute played
by Julie Christie, who proves his soul mate, and who manages to induct McCabe
into that true intimacy of the heart before he goes out to meet his gunslinger s
death. Here s hoping the flawed but hugely appealing Eustace Conway, the
larger-than-life subject of a remarkable biography, may yet have that kind of
luck, not to mention a kinder fate.

Anthony Glavin is a fiction writer, editor and critic

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            September 6, 2004 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

TV STOPS TIPTOEING AROUND 9;
11 TRAGEDY

BYLINE: JOANNE OSTROW, THE DENVER POST

SECTION: ARTS AND ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. B-5

LENGTH: 820 words


The third anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks is just days away, and
America's most popular medium finally is saying something about it.

Not that network television's entertainment divisions have ignored the attacks.
There were offhand references in numerous shows and a few wretched programs
about hunting for terrorists. Otherwise you could have watched prime-time TV for
the past three years with hardly a hint of the cataclysmic events that befell
the nation.

Maybe that is starting to change.

"Rescue Me" on FX suggests television is finally grappling head-on with the
emotional aftermath of the terrorist attacks. It brings an unusual depth and
resonance to the subject -- and an ability to grapple with both the profound and
the ridiculous.

As virtual therapists to the culture, artists -- from the fine arts to the mass
media -- are pushing toward the next stage of recovery.

"Artists often have a more intensified pulse on what is happening around them;
it's part of why they have chosen to be artists," said Gwen Chanzit, a professor
of art history at the University of Denver and a curator in the Denver Art
Museum's department of modern and contemporary art.

Mass media, necessarily dependent on sales and thus careful not to offend, "have
not been able to catch up," according to George Rivera, a professor in the
department of art and art history at the University of Colorado at Boulder.

The initial reaction of television and film in the aftermath of 9/11 was to
obliterate: literally erasing digital images of the Twin Towers and pulling
programming that triggered tragic memory, so as not to offend viewers'
sensibilities.

Television's next impulse was to exploit: ABC's "Threat Matrix" mined national
anxieties for a run-of-the-mill suspense show. "The Grid," a limited-run
thriller on TNT, showed counter-terrorism agents hunting a group of Muslim
extremists in a new terrorist cell. NBC's upcoming "LAX," with Heather Locklear
overseeing tightened security at the Los Angeles airport, weakly exploits
Americans' nervousness for entertainment purposes.

After a flurry of allusions to the subject (even "Sex and the City" made topical
references), television has evolved to a more serious rumination on 9/11.

"You can't find a richer spot for drama," said Denis Leary, executive producer,
writer and star of "Rescue Me."

In "Rescue Me," Leary and co-creator Peter Tolan, known for their offbeat
half-hour comedy, "The Job," turned to drama laced with dark humor to tackle the
story of the men of 62 Truck in a Manhattan firehouse.

Unlike most of the programming that dares reference the tragedy, "Rescue Me"
(Wednesdays on FX) gets beneath the surface of the losses, exploring survivor
guilt, ghostly apparitions of the deceased, crumbling marriages, alcoholic
slides and personal declines of those affected. It includes a continuing
meditation on the phenomenon of firemen's widows now dating other firemen.

"We don't want to seem as if we're appropriating a tragedy," Tolan told critics
in Los Angeles. "At the same time, given who we are, we sort of poke fun at the
idea of people who have post-traumatic stress who had no involvement in it
whatsoever, who were out of the country, who didn't know anyone who was killed."

The reality of 9/11 informs the series in a richer way than the dropped-in
references television had managed previously.

Meanwhile, a Hollywood masterwork inspired by Sept. 11 may not be conceived for
years.

Movies have tiptoed around the subject -- Spike Lee's "25th Hour" and John
Travolta's upcoming "Ladder 49" resonate, and it's been suggested that
"Spider-Man 2's" popularity owes something to the superhero's ability to protect
Manhattan as he climbs skyscrapers. But the literal subject remains a challenge
for filmmakers.

"It's hard for Hollywood to get to it," said independent filmmaker Evans Chan,
who works mostly in Chinese and is known for his translations of Susan Sontag's
writing. Certain films were put on hold in the wake of the attacks, Chan noted.
"They are afraid of striking too close to home yet, of being accused of
exploiting victims' families."

The harsh show business reality is that movies are more "eventized" (Hollywood's
verb of the moment), while television, especially cable TV, can approach the
subject more casually. "Rescue Me" takes creative risks that would be beyond the
scope of a big-budget film or a Big-Three network series.

"With enough time having passed to dive into this," Leary said, "it's as if you
were doing a feature or a series about World War II vets or Vietnam war vets; we
all kind of know where these characters might be as we start out and what
they've been through. ... It's a very interesting place dramatically to start
out, with a bunch of guys who survived this horrible event but still have to
jump on the truck."

Whether "Rescue Me" stays true to its vision or dissolves into standard-issue TV
soap opera remains to be seen.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Dennis Leary stars as a Manhattan firefighter in the FX drama
series "Rescue Me."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              468 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Village Christian falls in tournament final

BYLINE: Evan Barnes; ebarnes@scng.com @evan_b on Twitter

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 398 words

ABSTRACT

Village Christian vs Wasatch Academy of Utah in finals of the San Fernando
Valley Invitational boys basketball tournament at 7 p.m.

FULL TEXT

GRANADA HILLS >> Village Christian High School's game plan wasto exploit Wasatch
Academy'sshooting woes in the finals of the Ed Baker San Fernando Valley
Invitational boys basketball tournament.

Instead, Village Christian was caught in a barrage of 3-pointers as the Utah
schoolwon 68-54 at Kennedy High to capture the tournament championship on
Wednesday.

Wasatch (14-2) made eight 3-pointers, but when Village Christian closed to
within 39-33 in the third quarter, the Tigers went on a quick 8-0 run to push
the lead back to double digits, where it remained the rest of the game.

"Last nightwe saw a weakness in their shot-making ability (that) we tried to
exploit, but we didn't get to their best players quick enough," Village
Christiancoach Jon Shaw said.

Jalen Riley had a game-high 21 points and seven assists for Village Christian
(8-2), but Wasatch's balance showed as four players scored in double figures,
led by Josip Vrankic, who scored 18 points and was named the tournament's Most
Valuable Player.

Emmanuel Akot had 17 points, 13 in the first half, as Wasatch picked Village
Christian's zone defense apart with six 3-pointers before making itsfirst
2-point field goal on a layup by Zion Young with 5:03 left in the second
quarter.

"We got stuck with lineups we don't usually have because of foul trouble," Shaw
said. "At one point we had two freshmen in there."

Wasatch led 32-20 at halftime, but Village Christianhit three 3-pointerswith
Elijah Scranton cutting the deficit to six. Although Village Christian switched
to a man-to-man defense, Wasatch found scoring chances with excellent passing
with itssize advantage.Three of its key contributors are6-foot-7 or taller.

Scranton finished with 15 points and joined Riley on the all-tournament team,
along with Akot and Damion Squire from Wasatch.

"Jalen showed who he is tonight and came with a high competitive spirit. We'll
go as he goes this year," Shaw said.

Beforethe game, the tournament honored Baker, who spent more than 30 years as a
referee before his deaththis fallby formally re-naming the event after him and
presenting his widow, Pat, with a framed jersey.

In the third-place game, Crescenta Valley defeated Viewpoint 60-51. Trey Ballard
was named to the all-tournament team.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            August 19, 2010 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Gaze has his legend status confirmed;
BASKETBALL

BYLINE: DAVIN SGARGETTA

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 312 words


AUSTRALIAN basketball pioneer and retired Melbourne Tigers head coach Lindsay
Gaze received Legend status last night at the Australian Basketball Hall of Fame
dinner in Melbourne. Only the third recipient of basketball's highest honour,
taking his place alongside NBL founding father Dr John Raschke and respected
administrator Alastair Ramsay, it was Gaze's exploits as a player, a head coach
and mentor, as well as his efforts in driving the Melbourne Tigers into the
National Basketball League that were highlighted at the gala event. Gaze's
exploits as a player resulted in him representing Australia at three Olympic
Games, in 1960, 1964 and 1968, before he turned his attention to coaching.

He was selected as Boomers head coach in 1971, a position he held until 1985. In
his time at the helm of the men's representative side, Australia finished fifth
at the 1982 world championships, and seventh at the Los Angeles Olympic Games.
But it was his 689 games as head coach of the Melbourne Tigers that he will
perhaps be best remembered for. Gaze won 363 games of professional basketball in
Australia between 1984 and 2005, placing him second on the all-time list. He led
the Melbourne Tigers to 16 finals appearances and two NBL championships, in 1993
against the Perth Wildcats, where he and son Andrew embraced in that famous
scene on the Perth hardwood, and also in 1997 against the Brian Goorjian-coached
South East Melbourne Magic. He was named NBL coach of the year three times.
Gaze's influence extends beyond Australian shores. He spent many years as part
of FIBA's technical and rules committees, having a hand in how the game is
played worldwide. His involvement in the sport continues with Gaze mentoring
young coaches and junior players at the Melbourne Tigers. Perth Wildcats star
Ricky Grace and ex-Opal Trish Fallon were also inducted into the Hall of Fame.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Melbourne Tigers icon Lindsay Gaze was elevated to Legend status
in the Australian Basketball Hall of Fame. PICTURE: KEN IRWIN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Joondalup Times (Wanneroo/Perth, Australia)

                          September 18, 2008 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Around the world at His Majestys

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 202 words


Helen and Brendan Hanson share their travel exploits on stage.

IMAGINE staying in a dodgy hotel in New York City that charges by the hour, or
accidentally finding yourself in a pool full of hippos, one of Africas most
deadly creatures.

Every traveller has a few horror stories to tell and Padbury couple Helen and
Brendan Hanson are no exception. The theatre-loving couple has turned their
travel gaffes into a hilarious new cabaret show at His Majestys Theatre, in
Perth.

Brendan has toured the world on stage, performing in productions like Les
Miserables and Singing in the Rain, while Helens showbiz career took off in the
world of opera in Singapore and Sydney.

Now settled in Perth, the couple are ready to perform their third cabaret
together, Are We There Yet?

Brendan said the show shares their weird, wonderful and downright horrible
exploits across the globe, with lots of music and dance thrown in.

Cabaret is great because you can break the 4th wall and speak to the audience.
Its very honest and gets the audience into it, he said.

The shows lively soundtrack swings from pop hits to musical theatre classics.

Are We There Yet? is on from October 2 to 4, at 8.30pm. Tickets priced at $40,
available via BOCS.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CWW


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             March 9, 2017 Thursday
                             Print & First Editions

Ill wind for CIA may fill Trump's sails;
Analysis - WikiLeaks strikes again - Documents reveal data stolen through
phones, computers and televisions

BYLINE: Analysis Paul McGeough Chief Correspondent Washington

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 765 words


Donald Trump has a new stick with which to beat the US intelligence agencies -
not only can they not keep his secrets, they can't keep their own.

Lobbing amidst the worst stand-off ever between a new president and the
agencies, Tuesday's sensational WikiLeaks dump of thousands of documents on the
CIA's highly secretive, high-tech cyber arsenal reveals how the agency steals
data from foreign targets by taking control of their mobile phones, computers
and televisions.

Seemingly legitimate, the release of almost 9000 documents - which WikiLeaks
code-named Vault 7 - will be viewed through political as much as national
security prisms.

WikiLeaks, increasingly denounced as a tool of Moscow, is a key player in the
months-long dispute in which Trump has mocked and ridiculed the agencies.

But as commander-in-chief Trump is required to address the document dump as the
most embarrassing breach of national security since Edward Snowden leaked a
mountain of classified documents in 2013 and, before that, Chelsea (then
Bradley) Manning leaked about three-quarters of a million classified and other
sensitive documents in 2010.

Acutely embarrassed, the only response from the CIA was a terse: "We do not
comment on the authenticity or content of purported intelligence documents."

Apparently the first in a series, WikiLeaks said the 8761 documents, dated from
2013 to 2016, came from an isolated, high-security network situated inside the
CIA's Centre for Cyber Intelligence in Langley, Virginia.

Describing their contents as "malware, viruses, Trojans and weaponised 'zero
day' exploits", WikiLeaks said the files developed by a CIA unit known as the
Engineering Development Group were designed to harness vulnerabilities in
Apple's iPhone, Google's Android software and Samsung TV sets. WikiLeaks said
the exploits were capable of bypassing popular encryption-enabled applications
such as WhatsApp, Signal and Telegram.

"At first glance [the files are] probably legitimate or contains a lot of
legitimate stuff, which means somebody managed to extract a lot of data from a
classified CIA system and is willing to let the world know that," Nicholas
Weaver, a computer security researcher at the University of California at
Berkeley, told The Washington Post.

Trump has been infuriated by leaks from across government, but especially from
within the intelligence agencies on investigations into links between his
election campaign team and Russia.

In July 2016 WikiLeaks became a controversial player in the US presidential
election when it released 20,000 embarrassing emails hacked from Democratic
Party computers, creating uproar on the campaign trail.

Speaking at the time from Ecuador's embassy in London, where he has taken refuge
for years, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange denied early suspicion that the
Russian government or its agents were responsible for the Democratic National
Committee hacking - but the combined US intelligence agencies concluded the
hacking was part of a multi-pronged Kremlin plot to help Trump win the election
and to discredit US democracy.

Trump celebrated the leaks, declaring: "I love WikiLeaks," as he read from a
sheaf of the Democratic emails at a rally in the last weeks of the campaign. For
months he refused to accept that Russia was involved - even as he jokingly urged
Moscow to mount a search for thousands of Hillary Clinton's emails.

On the campaign trail and in office Trump has been repeatedly wrong-footed by
leaks on his Russian connections. He was forced to sack campaign manager Paul
Manafort after allegations that he had received millions of dollars from
pro-Moscow politicians in Ukraine. In February he sacked his national security
adviser, Michael Flynn, after he was revealed to have lied about his dealings
with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak.

And last week Attorney-General Jeff Sessions was forced to recuse himself from
any Justice Department deliberations on intelligence agency and congressional
investigations of the Russian links because Sessions had failed to disclose that
he, too, met the ambassador.

Trump's war with the agencies became more fraught on the weekend, when senior
former and current officials rejected his tweeted claim that former president
Barack Obama had ordered wiretaps on Trump Tower during the election campaign.

And on Tuesday, after days of blanket denials, the White House seemed to be
walking back the President's unequivocal assertion. When asked for the proof
Trump claimed he had, presidential spokesman Sean Spicer said it wasn't a
question of proof but of the need for a congressional investigation.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            October 1, 2016 Saturday

Balance is chief concern

BYLINE: by Ralph N. Paulk

LENGTH: 564 words


The Steelers talked incessantly about achieving offensive balance. They didn't
come close to reaching that goal in an embarrassing loss to Philadelphia last
Sunday.

Surprisingly, they lacked balance in the passing game.

Antonio Brown had 12 catches on 16 targets, but the rest of the team combined
for 12 catches, including four by running back DeAngelo Williams.

"If a team can make you one-dimensional, then they have you where they want
you," said Williams, who averaged only 2.1 yards on eight carries against the
Eagles. "Both elements of the game "" run and pass "" are vital to winning the
football game."

The Steelers will need a better result Sunday when they host the Kansas City
Chiefs at Heinz Field. The Chiefs, led by second-year cornerback Marcus Peters,
are ranked 11th in pass defense (225 yards) and have a league-leading eight
interceptions.

A year ago, the Chiefs intercepted Landry Jones twice en route to 23-13 win at
Arrowhead Stadium. Offensive coordinator Todd Haley expects Kansas City to be as
aggressive even with Ben Roethlisberger under center.

Haley is particularly concerned about Peters, who already has an NFL-best four
interceptions. He has 12 interceptions in 19 games.

"There are weeks when somebody that's especially dominant, like Marcus Peters,
there will be times that we make decisions to work away from him," Haley said.
"He is a very good player. You talk about good ball skills "" that's what really
separates him."

The Chiefs (2-1) present a stiff challenge for a Steelers' passing game trying
to reestablish itself. With the exception of a couple of long throws to wide
receiver Sammie Coates, Roethlisberger played pitch-and-catch with Brown, partly
because the Eagles conceded throws underneath zone coverage.

"Kansas City has a good group of guys who play good together, but our challenge
is us," Coates said. "Every chance you get to compete against the best, you take
it.

"I want to do whatever it takes to help us win. I'm not trying to demand the
ball, but I have to take advantage of my chances, especially when they take away
Antonio."

The Chiefs are similar to Philadelphia, except Peters and cornerback Phillip
Gaines play more man coverage. If they can shut down Brown as Cincinnati did or
limit his effectiveness as the Eagles, then Coates, Darrius Heyward-Bey and
Markus Wheaton must deliver. Eli Rogers is out with an toe injury.

"I don't see it as us versus them," Heyward-Bey said. "We have to beat their
whole defense in general.

"It might be a challenge for them, so if we don't do our job, it'll be easy for
them. As long as we do our thing, especially if the run game is working, we'll
have a good offensive performance. We didn't have anything in Philadelphia. We
had three points. We can't have that kind of performance against Kansas City."

The Chiefs defend the boundaries well, but their linebackers are often the soft
underbelly in pass coverage. It's something Haley might try to exploit by
getting matchup advantages with his running backs, Williams and Le'Veon Bell,
who had 83 receptions in 2014.

"The only way we can exploit (their linebackers) is by executing our game plan,"
said Williams, who has 14 receptions for 89 yards this season. "If you don't
execute, they'll exploit our offense."

Ralph N. Paulk is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at rpaulk@tribweb.com
or via Twitter @RalphPaulk_Trib.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Other Defense Agencies (Virginia) Issues
Solicitation for "Exploitation Services"

LENGTH: 371  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Other Defense Agencies, National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency
officer has issued requirement for "Exploitation Services"

Solicitation No: HM0476-15-D-0009-09

Notice Type: Special Notice
Posted Date: February 8, 2017

Description: Added: Feb 08, 2017 9:08 am
1.       1.  Pursuant to Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 6.302-1 (a) (2)
(iii), The National Geospatial- Intelligence Agency (NGA) intends to increase
the eXploit contract ceiling from $66,900,000 to $136,900,000 on a sole source
basis to Leidos Innovations Corporation (Leidos), to produce additional
exploitation tools and services in three (3) main categories; Electronic Light
Table (ELT) tools, Object Based Production (OBP) tools, and Foundation GEOINT
Modernization (FGMod) tools.  There will be no extension of the base ID/IQ
contract ordering period, which ends March 28, 2021.  Additionally, there will
be no impact to the technical scope of the contract.


2.       2.  The current eXploit contract was issued to introduce innovative
software solutions and deploy a web-based exploitation architecture that is
cloud-enabled for integration with the Intelligence Community Information
Technology Enterprise (IC ITE).  The eXploit solution includes an approach to
ensure exploitation applications move from outdated proprietary software
interfaces and protocols, onto an open cloud architecture by embracing modern
Information Technology.
 3.   3.     While other sources may be capable of developing or assuming these
capabilities in the future, Leidos, is the only available source capable of
providing the highly specialized services needed while preventing unacceptable
delays in fulfilling the agency's requirements.  NGA is in the middle of a major
exploitation modernization effort that involves delivery and integration of
technical services from 11 different programs.  Successful execution of this
complicated initiative requires parallel delivery and integration services.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Contact Details: Attn: OCSC Mail Stop S84-OCSC7500 Geoint Drive Springfield,
Virginia 22150 United States

Point of Contact(s): Kebra L.Beckford, Contract Specialist
kebra.l.beckford@nga.mil Phone: 5715572430


LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  Racing Post

                           February 10, 2008, Sunday

RUGBY UNION: IDEA IS A FINANCIAL HOUSE OF CARDS

BYLINE: JAMES WILLOUGHBY

SECTION: 1ST Edition; SPORT; Pg. 87

LENGTH: 673 words

The Green Bay Packers are the most fervently supported team in American football


IF the Premier League plan to play matches abroad is influenced by the NFL's
activities, it needs to consider the different relationship between fan and club
in England and North America.

The NFL's teams are referred to as 'franchises' and several were formerly
located in different cities and US states.

Today's Arizona Cardinals moved from St Louis in 1988 and were the Chicago
Cardinals before 1960; the Indianapolis Colts moved from Baltimore in 1984; the
Oakland Raiders had a sojourn in Los Angeles from 1982 to 1995; the St Louis
Rams used to be the Los Angeles Rams and before that the Cleveland Rams; the
Tennessee Titans were the Houston Oilers; the Baltimore Ravens used to be the
Cleveland Browns, and the list goes on.

Apart from these major changes, there have been numerous other temporary
migrations or relocations.

Philadelphia and Pittsburgh even swapped players and coaches on one occasion.

There are few remaining NFL teams still located in the small towns in which the
league was founded. One of these is the Green Bay Packers, located in a town of
only 100,000 people in Wisconsin.

The Packers are the most fervently supported team in the NFL. Between 1953 and
1994, even they played a significant percentage of their home games outside
Green Bay. Financial pressures coupled with a growing fanbase encouraged the
team to travel to Milwaukee, 101 miles from Green Bay.

Fans of some relocating NFL teams have protested the moves, but for the most
part they accept that the club belongs to its owner.

In England, however, the owner is seen merely as a benefactor and fans mostly
believe the club is part of the social fabric of its location and theirs to
protect.

Many English league clubs have played in the same town for well over 100 years,
fostering a link to their club which has lasted generations.

When Wimbledon moved 60 miles from Plough Lane to Milton Keynes, there was
outrage, not just from the club's loyal fanbase but from football supporters in
general.

It is a much smaller blow for a team to play a single game away from its home
base, but the Premier League knew how bitterly teams and their supporters would
view the prospect of losing a home game, hence their decision to make the
international foray an extra game.

As many have pointed out, however, the resulting unbalanced fixture list would
destroy the competitive integrity of the league.

What does the Premier League's desire to change its format and to exploit
foreign markets really tell us?

Why is change necessary in the lucrative position in which it exists? Greed it
might be, but Premier League executives have a duty to exploit financial
possibilities for the sake of the teams it represents.

Its attempt to exploit a foreign market is based only on the same strategy which
informs many other commercial expansions.

The NFL has constantly moved heaven and earth to manufacture parity between
teams for economic reasons.

Why, then, is the Premier League not similarly concerned?

Why do fans of Premier League teams outside the big guns manage to remain
passionate merely about the prospect of avoiding relegation?

A Premier League game has become a huge event, a show. Supporters, though
swollen with parochial pride, are partly enthused by the prospect of watching
talented players on both sides. It is unlikely they will lose interest if the
glamour content is maintained.

For that to happen, the Premier League must constantly explore new financial
horizons.

If revenues dip, many Premier League clubs will not be able to sustain wages and
transfer fees.

The whole thing is therefore a financial house of cards. Call it greed, call it
selling the soul of the game, but the Premier League is a monster which has
already consumed English grass-roots football and must continue to be fed.

The problem for Premier League executives is squaring any prospective changes
with the fans and quelling any militant response, of which there is a real
prospect.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                             Copyright 2008 MGN Ltd


                              475 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                              July 7, 2006 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

SECTION: TO THE POINT; NATION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 197 words


Shuttle docks with space station

The seven astronauts of Discovery entered the international space station, with
one planning to stay behind when the shuttle returns to Earth in 10 days. The
seven were greeted by American astronaut Jeff Williams and Russian cosmonaut
Pavel Vinogradov. Before docking, the shuttle did a flip so the space station
crew could inspect its heat tiles. Damaged tiles led to the Columbia disaster in
'03.

Army posts suffer from shortfall

A diversion of dollars to help fight the Iraq war has helped create a $530
million shortfall for Army posts at home and abroad, leaving some unable to pay
regular bills. In San Antonio, Fort Sam Houston hasn't been able to pay its $1.4
million monthly utility bill since March, and Fort Knox in Ky. laid off 133
contract workers. Additional funding isn't expected until Oct.

** Emboldened street gangs have gotten Web savvy, showcasing their exploits
online. "Web bangers" are posting incriminating photos of members holding guns
and boasting of illegal exploits.

** A man grabbed two cordless power saws off a N.Y. subway station workbench and
swung them at riders, critically injuring a 67-year-old man. The assailant fled.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                           January 7, 2017, Saturday

OP/ED;
W.Va. loses by winning

BYLINE: Mark Brazaitis

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 730 words


West Virginia voted for the winning presidential candidate. But once again, we
lost.

Donald Trump won West Virginia because he spoke to the real and urgent needs of
West Virginians:

Our state needs strong and sustainable industries.

Our state needs a federal government that understands, and serves, West
Virginians' needs.

Our state, from its coal miners to its wild and wonderful mountains and rivers
to its distinction as the only state to be founded, in freedom, during the Civil
War, deserves to be acknowledged and promoted as vital to our country's past,
present and future.

But Trump never intended to fulfill his promises to West Virginia. It's clear
from his post-election rhetoric and appointments that he aims to follow a
business-as-usual, elitist Republican approach to West Virginia and Appalachia
in general - an approach that has been, to use his words, nothing short of a
disaster.

Under Trump, any wealthy industrialist who wants to exploit, or to continue to
exploit, West Virginia, its workers, and its natural resources - damn the
consequences to the prosperity and health of West Virginians - seems welcome to
do so.

The impunity offered to big business in our state is disguised by Republican
elites in language that seems beneficial to us all.

Take the phrase "lifting of regulations, for example, which U.S. Representative
David McKinley recently used in a letter to constituents in which he celebrated
the recent election results.

"Lifting of regulations supposedly equates to prosperity. But what it actually
translates to is something quite different: It's a reckless offer to wealthy,
and often out-of-state, energy tycoons to appropriate West Virginia's natural
resources, exploit our underpaid workers, and pollute our mountain air and
mountain streams.

Or take another popular phrase: "right to work. Its meaning seems innocuous and
obvious - of course everyone should have the right to work - but its intention
is anti-worker. Translated, it means: Big businesses should have the legal right
to exploit workers in just about any way necessary to make a profit. Supporters
of "right to work want to disable unions and curtail workers' right to protest
mistreatment and sub-standard salaries. As a businessman, Trump was notorious
for exploiting workers - even to the point of failing to pay them for their long
and honest labor.

As West Virginians, we have legitimate grievances against people who have
impeded our prosperity and health. But Trump pointed the finger at the wrong
people. In language we West Virginians, who live in a state founded in
opposition to the slave-holding Confederacy, could only find appalling, he
blamed non-documented immigrants and other minority populations for our economic
woes. He promised to "build a wall against Mexicans and other people who see the
United States as a place of refuge from political and economic oppression in
their countries.

These "criminals and rapists, as Trump horrifying described them, have never
stolen our jobs or exploited our natural resources or poisoned our air and
water.

If Trump wants to "build a wall to help West Virginians, he should build one to
stop wealthy outside business interests from entering our state with plans to
rob our natural resources, take advantage of our workers, and pollute our
environment.

Trump is right: West Virginia needs help. But he's wrong about what kind, and
he's already proved incapable of delivering it. Rather than a man who has made
his fortune on casinos and golf courses in far-flung places, we need leaders who
know and celebrate West Virginia's hard past, built on the labor of coal miners,
small businesses, small farmers, and small-town entrepreneurs, and propose a
bold and original plan to bring long-lasting prosperity.

We are in desperate need of a West Virginia renaissance. Such a renaissance
would bring new and sustainable businesses to our state, provide just wages to
our workers, and renew our commitment to keeping our state wild and wonderful -
with clean air and clean water and a healthy environment in which our children
and grandchildren can grow and prosper.

A West Virginia renaissance will need a dramatically different, better, and
bolder approach than what Donald Trump and his band of Republican elites have in
mind for our state.

Mark Brazaitis, a WVU professor, is the author of seven books, including "Truth
Poker: Stories."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Charleston Newspapers


                              477 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                             August 12, 2013 Monday

Three strategies to pursue growth

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A,12,999

LENGTH: 569 words


Entrepreneurs probably think they would have it made if only they were big.
Being big would give a startup enough customers and cash so it wouldn't have to
worry about the next payroll or the rent. But the most in-demand idea I can
think of among big company executives is how they can be more like startups.

Big companies grow more slowly than successful startups. Yet they have far more
capital, people and technology than their younger rivals. Some big companies
have overcome the dysfunction that results from their superior resources and
adapted the traits that spur startups' faster growth.

I call these traits start-upness -- six ways that startups make decisions and
take action that gives them the ability to learn more quickly than their
competitors. In "Hungry Start-up Strategy," I detailed how entrepreneurs set
goals, pick markets, raise capital, build their team, gain market share and
adapt to change.

IBM is a big company that needs to get its start-upness back, because the $105
billion (2012 revenue) company's revenues are shrinking at a 3 percent rate,
while demand for its products and services -- as measured by corporate IT
budgets -- is rising at 4.1 percent in 2013, to $3.8 trillion.

How can companies like IBM enjoy market-beating revenue growth? They should
consider the following three approaches:

Exploit and explore is used by ambidextrous organizations -- a term coined by
Harvard Business School's Michael Tushman -- in which the company's core "
exploit" business and its new "explore" business both report to the CEO. Their
bonuses depend on each other's success: The manager of the "exploit" business
only gets a bonus if the "explore" business also succeeds.

An example is Ciba-Geigy's crop protection division, which has been part of
Novartis since 1966, when it merged with Sandoz. Ciba-Geigy's managers in Basel,
Switzerland, were able to exploit its chemical plant protection business -- its
products include plant pesticides -- by cutting costs, while exploring in its
North Carolina research and development lab yielded a bio-engineered,
insect-resistant plant. Both outcomes helped to realize Ciba-Geigy's aspiration
of keeping plants healthy, whether through chemicals or biotechnology.

In firefighting by design, Procter & Gamble sends the top executives of a
foundering product line to a P&G-run design thinking consultant. Design thinking
starts by observing customers performing activities and ends with a new product
that puts out the fire and meets their needs based on iterative prototyping.
P&G's Olay team believed the product needed new packaging, because consumers
struggled to decide among so many skin care choices which one best met their
specific needs. But using the design methodology, the Olay group reframed the
solution and ultimately introduced Olay for You -- a website that helped
consumers choose the specific product that fit their needs.

For the culture of frugal experimentation, Scott Cook, executive chairman of
Intuit, the personal finance software provider, created mechanisms and a
methodology to make innovation part of everyone's job. For example, Intuit
created an "idea collaboration portal" that allows employees to come up with new
ideas, post them, get feedback from others at Intuit, revise the ideas and get
staffing -- all without intervention from managers.

If your big company wants to get its start-upness back, try one of these three
approaches.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTG


               Copyright 2013 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 29, 2016 Friday

The Joplin Globe, Mo., Joe Hadsall column

BYLINE: Joe Hadsall, The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 621 words


April 29--While the rest of the world is worried about whether Tom Brady cheated
with those underinflated footballs, we video gamers have been asking ourselves
what cheating actually is.

There's the obvious cheating, which dives into the realm of hacking. Some
players figure out some malicious exploits and, through manipulating the game's
code or its connection to the Internet, gain a huge advantage over other
players.

But others are within the game's code itself, in the form of bugs waiting to be
discovered.

I found such an exploit when I was in junior high school. In "Super Mario
Brothers," I discovered by a freak accident that jumping on a turtle descending
down stairs could give me unlimited extra lives. The trick was to stomp on the
turtle just right so that Mario would land on the shell right as it rebounded
against the step. Because the game gave ascending rewards for consecutive
"stomps" without hitting the ground, I would get a number of lives that matched
my patience.

It was ridiculous. The number of remaining lives would be replaced with ASCII
code.

Had that happened in today's gaming environment, Nintendo might block my access
to the game.

Sound excessive? It is. And that's what is happening these days in "Tom Clancy's
The Division," the open-world, third-person shooter from Massive and Ubisoft.

"The Division" is a gorgeous representation of New York City. While the actual
Big Apple is filled with bugs such as cockroaches, the game's city is filled
with computer bugs, such as software glitches and mapping errors. Players with a
passion for exploring have found places to get to closed-off areas and claim
high-end rewards.

Story continues below video

And if "The Division" was a self-contained experience, we'd probably have a good
laugh. But "The Division" is an open-world, always-online game that loads in
other players. Together, you can get matchmade and tackle more difficult fights
against the game's bad guys, or you can band together and fight against other
actual players in what the game calls the "Dark Zone," where other players can
attack you and take your gear.

Massive's reaction has been to threaten punishment of players who use in-game
exploits to make their characters stronger. And I think that's a massive
mistake.

Because "The Division" always gets compared to "Destiny," let's look at how
Bungie and Activision handled people who used bugs to get gear:

--After the release of the expansion, "The Taken King," a bug was found that
gave certain hunters the ability to shoot unlimited arrows. Bungie reacted by
shutting down the super-competitive Trials of Osiris game mode until a patch
could be deployed.

--After it was discovered that players could kill a raid boss by unplugging
their Internet connection and get the rewards that come with beating him, Bungie
laughed it off, let everyone keep the gear then fixed the bug.

--Bungie also recognizes the difference between an exploit in the code and an
aggressive cheating maneuver. Players who use tricks to fool the network for a
sort of online invincibility are regularly banned from player-versus-player
play.

And that's where the line for cheating is clearly drawn. Games have bugs, and
that's understandable. But punishing players for using bugs is a jerk move. The
game company gave us players the code we bought (or, technically, have
permission to run), so we should be able to do what we want. A threat of
punishment should not replace the publisher's responsibility to fix what is
broken.

Joe Hadsall is features editor for the Globe. Contact him at
jhadsall@joplinglobe.com

___ (c)2016 The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.) Visit The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.)
at www.joplinglobe.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160429-JL-The-Joplin-Globe-Mo-Joe-Hadsall-column-0429-20160429

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2016 The Joplin Globe


                              479 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 12, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Microsoft Releases 3 New Windows Security Patches

BYLINE: Brian Krebs, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: Financial; E05

LENGTH: 414 words


Microsoft Corp. yesterday released three software updates to fix security holes
in its Windows operating system, including one that can affect machines equipped
with a massive security upgrade the company released five months ago.

The three patches, available at http://windowsupdate.microsoft.com, mend four
software holes. Two of the patches earned a "critical" rating from Microsoft,
its most serious. The software giant said attackers could exploit three of the
flaws merely by persuading users to open a specially crafted e-mail or to visit
a Web site that distributes malicious code.

The most severe of the flaws involves a glitch in the way Windows handles
requests for "HTML help," a function that uses Microsoft's Internet Explorer Web
browser to display instructions for using a variety of computer programs. The
help-file flaw is present in nearly all versions of Windows, including computers
running Windows XP that also have the Service Pack 2 security upgrade installed.

Service Pack 2 was released to the public in August to fix a number of
persistent security problems. In addition to mending several flaws, the upgrade
switched on key Windows XP security features, such as a firewall to block
unwanted Internet traffic and automatic installation of patches.

Stephen Toulouse, Microsoft's security program manager, said the company has
seen only a handful of attempts to exploit the help-file security flaw.

"Still, any amount of exploitation concerns us, and this update addresses that,"
he said.

Oliver Friedrichs, senior manager of security response for the Cupertino,
Calif.-based security firm Symantec Corp., said his company has seen at least
three cases in which infected Web sites have been used to take advantage of the
help-file flaw to install spyware on vulnerable computers.

Friedrichs cautioned that the other three security flaws remain serious threats,
as computer code demonstrating how attackers could exploit at least one of them
now is publicly available online.

Microsoft also released the "malicious software removal tool," which scours
Windows PCs for some of the more prolific Internet worms, including Blaster,
Sasser, MyDoom, Gaobot and Nachi. The tool will be distributed to the more than
112 million Windows users who have opted to accept automatic security updates
from Microsoft and will be updated once a month, Toulouse said. It also may be
downloaded manually from Microsoft.

Brian Krebs is a staff writer for washingtonpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              480 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Trump unspoken target in Trudeau speech to UN; PM echoes Obama in criticizing
politicians who exploit anxiety

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 542 words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS


Justin Trudeau's first speech to the United Nations General Assembly included
some less-than-subtle references to the politics practised by people like Donald
Trump, in a year where populist nationalism has made gains in some countries.

The prime minister never mentioned any names, yet warned three times in his
speech about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain. Politicians have
a choice to make, Trudeau said: Stoke public angst because it works for them
politically, or try alleviating it with policies that improve people's lives.

He cast his government's spending-heavy program as the latter - with an
infrastructure plan that he's convinced will create middle-class jobs.

"What is the alternative?" Trudeau asked."To exploit anxiety? To turn it into
fear and blame? To reject others because they look, or speak, or pray
differently than we do?" In a news conference, Trudeau denied referring
specifically to any single politician. The phenomenon of foreigner-blaming has
emerged in different countries, he said - including in Canada's last election,
where he accused his rivals of running on "Islamophobia."

His message was similar to that of Barack Obama.

Before Trudeau delivered his first UN address, the U.S. president gave his last.
He defended globalization; derided walls between nations; and encouraged
policies that allow working people to experience the benefits of the global
economy.

"Today, a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself," Obama said - one
of three references to walls in his speech. "So the answer cannot be a simple
rejection of global integration. Instead, we must work together to make sure the
benefits of such integration are broadly shared."

He cited several policies that might reassure working people that the globalized
economy isn't rigged against them: unionization, cracking down on tax havens,
and a social-safety net that allows people to retrain for new jobs.

Obama also described foreign aid as one of those tools to narrow inequality -
not within countries but between them.

"A world in which one per cent of humanity controls as much wealth as the other
99 per cent will never be stable," he said. "A pervasive sense of injustice
undermines people's faith in the system."

He took a shot at the notion of trade wars, a solution suggested by populists
like Trump. Tit-fortat tariff spats would only impoverish the world and increase
the likelihood of conflict, Obama said.

Trudeau and Obama apparently didn't discuss their speeches beforehand. One
official said similarities stemmed from a shared worldview.

That level of agreement was illustrated later in the day during a discussion on
refugees, where Obama saluted Trudeau: "I want to personally thank [German]
Chancellor [Angela] Merkel and Prime Minister Trudeau and the people of both
those countries, because the politics sometimes can be hard [on accepting
refugees]. But it's the right thing to do."

Polls in recent weeks have shown a tightening race in the U.S., where Trump has
suddenly appeared competitive in surveys nationally and in battleground states.
His win in the Republican nomination race comes in a year where other
anti-globalization politicians have achieved success in several European
countries.

Gates lauds approach, B3

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bebeto Matthews, The Associated Press; U.S. President Barack Obama,
left, and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau embrace after addressing the 71st
session of the United Nations General Assembly in New York.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Fairfield Champion

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Icy chill blows through starkly beautiful land

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 440  words


The film and performance that might finally land Leonardo DiCaprio that elusive
Academy Award, The Revenant is a cinematic experience. JESS LAYT offers her take
on the film.

EXPECT to see The Revenant name pop up when Oscar nominations are announced this
week.

The film, set in 1823 Montana and South Dakota, and inspired by real-life fur
trapper Hugh Glass's exploits in America, has already triumphed in this year's
Golden Globes, winning the prize for best dramatic film; and leading man
Leonardo DiCaprio won best actor in a drama, while Alejandro G Inarritu won for
its direction - and it looks set to continue its good form at the Academy
Awards.

The Revenant is not for the weak of stomach and boils down to a story of
survival, revenge and retribution.

It is a brutal, no-holds-barred account of Glass's exploits after being left for
dead by his men, half-buried alive in a shallow grave following a bear attack.

He is in the deepest American wilderness in the freezing cold.

Not only must Glass brave the elements and predators, but also evade a Native
American tribe, desperate and distrusting of white folk after the abduction of
their princess.

In this place, at this time, everyone is a foe until proven otherwise.

The film begins with Glass and his group of fellow fur trappers under unexpected
and devastating attack by Native Americans.

The attack is visceral, immediate and gory, with the camerawork of director
Inarritu (Birdman) making the audience feel part of the action.

It feels like an 1820s version of Saving Private Ryan's beach landing, with men
brutally maimed and killed in the unrelenting onslaught.

The rest of the film's action is of a much smaller scale, but not less brutal or
discomforting.

Glass is alone for much of The Revenant and DiCaprio does an excellent job of
conveying his thoughts and emotions with little dialogue, consisting largely of
grunts and groans.

His British co-stars, Tom Hardy, Domhnall Gleeson and Will Poulter, also deliver
strong performances and Hardy is a standout character as antagonist Fitzgerald.

But the most important character in the film is not a character at all: the wild
country steals every scene.

The remarkable locations, which saw cast and crew filming in

sub-zero Canadian temperatures, are as important to the film as DiCaprio.

The absolute beauty of nature, trees and streams, shines through in the film lit
only by natural light.

The Revenant is shot like the world's most expensive nature documentary.

It is stunning and Inarritu's trademark swirling, close-up shooting style shows
the beautiful wilderness off in all its glory.

The Revenant which is in cinemas now is rated MA15+.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: New flick: Leonardo DiCaprio stars in The Revenant.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                              May 10, 2010 Monday
                                  ROP Edition

CROWNING ACHIEVEMENT;
Bobby Orr became the king of Boston sports with his Stanley Cup game-winner in
1970;
4 score, 40 years ago

BYLINE: Mark Torpey, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: News; pg. 2

LENGTH: 910 words


Richard Nixon was in the White House and U.S. troops were in Vietnam. Simon and
Garfunkel were in and the Beatles were out, the former producing the album of
the year with "Bridge Over Troubled Water," the latter announcing they had
disbanded.

A postage stamp cost 6 cents, a gallon of gas went for 36 cents, a 5-pound bag
of potatoes was a whopping 45 cents. The average price of a home was $26,600,
and it cost $2,400 to attend Harvard.

On this date in 1970, Bobby Orr and the Boston Bruins were rulers of the
National Hockey League after Orr's legendary overtime goal beat the St. Louis
Blues to clinch the Stanley Cup at the old Boston Garden. The goal cemented
Orr's legacy as one of the most beloved figures in Boston sports history.

Like Carlton Fisk's home run and Doug Flutie's Hail Mary pass, it's one of the
great milestone moments in the annals of New England sports. Ask anyone who is
old enough to remember and they'll tell you where they were and who they were
with on that Sunday afternoon 40 years ago.

Back then, the Bruins were the kings in Boston. The Patriots were a relatively
new team seeking an identity as well as a place to call home, having bounced
between Nickerson Field, Fenway Park, Alumni Stadium and Harvard Stadium in
their first 10 seasons. The Red Sox had a steady following, but tickets were
readily available for games at Fenway Park, where the Sox averaged 19,625
spectators that year. Despite all their championships, the Celtics continued to
play in a half-empty arena, averaging 7,504 spectators in 1969-70.

No, the hot ticket then was for Orr and the big, bad Bruins. Every game was sold
out, and the exorbitant prices demanded by scalpers became the stuff of legend
on Causeway Street.

Daily papers chronicled the on-ice exploits of Phil Esposito, Johnny Bucyk and
Johnny McKenzie and the off-ice exploits of Derek Sanderson, who drove a
Rolls-Royce, wore a mink coat and was named one of the sexiest men in America by
Cosmopolitan magazine.

And while Espo & Co. were big attractions, Orr was the star of the show. The
22-year-old from Parry Sound, Ontario, was in only his fourth season with the
B's, but he was already considered one of the greatest players in the history of
the game. In the 1969-70 season, Orr led the NHL with 120 points, becoming the
first defenseman to break the 100-point mark, while setting a league record with
87 assists.

The Bruins finished the regular season with 99 points, the same as the Chicago
Blackhawks, but the 'Hawks were awarded first place in the six-team Eastern
Division because they had more wins in the regular season.

In the first round of the playoffs, the B's beat the pesky New York Rangers in
six games, then stunned Chicago with a four-game sweep in the best-of-seven
divisional final. That set up the Stanley Cup final against the winner of the
Western Division, the Blues.

The Bruins were heavy favorites to beat the Blues. St. Louis was essentially an
expansion team, having joined the league in 1966-67 when the NHL went from six
franchises to 12. All six of the expansion franchises constituted the Western
Division, whose teams were generally beaten with ease by their original-six
counterparts in the Eastern Division.

The best-of-seven final opened in St. Louis, where the B's breezed to 6-1 and
6-2 victories. The series shifted to Boston for Game 3, and the B's again were
dominant, earning a 4-1 win.

In Game 4, the Blues refused to roll over and play dead, forcing the game into
overtime tied at 3. It didn't take long for the B's to win their first Stanley
Cup in 28 years as Orr, taking a pass from Sanderson, slipped the puck past St.
Louis goalie Glenn Hall 40 seconds into OT.

As he scored "The Goal," Orr was tripped by St. Louis defenseman Noel Picard.
The photo of Orr soaring through the air, his arms stretched out in triumph, has
become one of the most iconic images in the history of sports.

The Bruins would win the Stanley Cup two seasons later, with Orr again scoring
the clinching goal, and they would challenge for the Cup again in 1974, losing
to the Philadelphia Flyers in six games in the finals. By this time, though,
knee injuries were taking their toll on Orr. In 1976, the Bobby Orr era ended
when he signed as a free agent with the Blackhawks, for whom he played only 26
games before retiring.

The departure of Orr caused the departure of a lot of fans. And while the Bruins
have had some great teams since, most notably the Terry O'Reilly squads of the
late '70s and the Ray Bourque-Cam Neely teams of the 1980s and '90s, they have
never come close to recapturing the magic of the Orr era. Many fans, insisting
that ownership was too stingy, and frustrated by a Stanley Cup drought,
abandoned the Bruins.

But this spring, the Bruins are bringing back many of those fans. Playing in
front of packed houses, they defeated the Buffalo Sabres in the first round of
the playoffs and can advance to the Eastern Conference final with a victory
tonight over the Flyers. There's a buzz about the Bruins that's been absent for
years.

Today, the team planned to unveil a statue of Bobby Orr at TD Garden, in a
ceremony featuring the greatest player to ever don skates. He will also attend
the game tonight. Here's hoping a little bit of the Bobby Orr magic rubs off on
the Bruins because another golden era is long overdue.

Reach Mark Torpey at mtorpey@ledger.com

INSIDE

Bruins  desperate to close out Flyers tonight

PAGE 17

Flyers at Bruins

7 tonight

NESN

WBZ-AM

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Boston Bruins defenseman Bobby Orr soars through the air after scoring
the game-winning and Stanley Cup-clinching goal in overtime against the St.
Louis Blues in Boston on May 10, 1970. Boston swept the series and won its first
Stanley Cup in 29 years., Associated Press
Orr in an undated photo., Associated Press
Boston Bruins Bobby Orr, left, and Phil Esposito answer questions after Orr
scored two goals to break his own NHL scoring mark and Esposito tallied one to
equal the league's goals-in-a-season record in Oakland, Calif., on March 11,
1971., Associated Press
Bobby Orr looks up the ice during a game in 1975., Associated Press
Bobby Orr embraces the Stanley Cup., Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Patriot Ledger


                              483 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday

NLCS: SCOUTING REPORT

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 685 words


OFFENSE

The Cubs finished third in the majors in runs scored (808) and OPS (.772) and
second in on-base percentage (.343) during the regular season. Second-year star
Kris Bryant and first baseman Anthony Rizzo each drove in over 100 runs. Bryant
is likely to win the National League MVP after hitting .292 with 39 home runs
and finishing fourth in the NL with a .939 OPS (Rizzo was two spots back at
.928).

But the Giants showed the Cubs can be pitched to. They held them to a .200
batting average and .247 on-base percentage in their four-game NL Division
Series. Pitchers Jake Arrieta and Trevor Wood hit two of the Cubs' five homers
in the series. Add in Kyle Hendricks and pitchers drove in six of the Cubs' 17
runs against the Giants.

The Dodgers, meanwhile, were not as dangerous on offense and also relied on two
key players to drive their offense - presumptive Rookie of the Year Corey Seager
and third baseman Justin Turner. Turner has proven to be an outstanding playoff
performer the past two falls and went 6 for 15 with a triple, a home run and
five RBIs in the NLDS against the Nationals.

But the Dodgers have a large vulnerability the Cubs will try to exploit - they
go limp against left-handed pitching. The Cubs will try to exploit that with
Game 1 starter Jon Lester and relievers Mike Montgomery, Travis Wood and closer
Aroldis Chapman.

ADVANTAGE: Cubs

STARTING PITCHING

The Cubs had the best starting rotation in baseball this season. Their starters
were 81-39 with a MLB-low 2.96 ERA, 1.07 WHIP and .213 opponents' batting
average while throwing the second-most innings (989).

That group is rested and lined up for the NLDS with Game 2 starter Kyle
Hendricks having apparently recovered from taking a line drive off his right arm
during the NLDS.

The Dodgers' best hope might be the element of surprise on their side - the Cubs
did not face Kenta Maeda, Clayton Kershaw or Rich Hill during the regular
season. Those three are expected to start the first three games of this series
for the Dodgers.

Kershaw is the wild card. There is no way to predict how much his NLDS heroics -
starting on three days' rest in Game 4 and closing out Game 5 in relief - might
have taken out of him.

ADVANTAGE: Cubs

BULLPEN

The Dodgers would not be at Wrigley Field this weekend if not for their bullpen
- and manager Dave Roberts' inspired and uninhibited use of that relief corps.

They will undoubtedly be asked to continue to carry a heavy load against the
Cubs. The question is - how much longer can they do it without buckling? Closer
Kenley Jansen threw 51 pitches in Game 5 and had some "leg fatigue" the next
day, according to Roberts. You better believe he did and that could make him
vulnerable in the NLCS.

The mid-season acquisition of Chapman changed the Cubs' bullpen, giving Maddon a
deep and flexible relief corps at his disposal.

Still ... the Dodgers' bullpen crew has earned its battlefield promotion.

ADVANTAGE: Dodgers

DEFENSE

The Cubs and Dodgers were the two most efficient defensive teams in the NL this
season, turning a higher percentage of batted balls into outs than the rest of
the league. The Dodgers did it with sophisticated scouting and positioning -
including lasers - more than any individual brilliance.

The Cubs did it despite manager Joe Maddon moving pieces around. Bryant started
games at five different positions (all three outfield spots, first base and his
true home, third base). Javier Baez started at all four infield positions - but
particularly sparkled at second base during the series with the Giants.

ADVANTAGE: Even

PREDICTION

This has been advertised as the Year of the Cubs since pitchers and catchers
reported to spring training eight months ago. Maddon has preached to a fairly
young team an "Embrace the target" philosophy to deal with the pressure of being
expected to end the North Siders' 108-year World Series title drought. They
responded with a 103-win regular season. The Dodgers' franchise has its own
title drought - 28 years, piddling by comparison unless you live in Southern
California. They have a long way to go to catch up. .... Cubs in six games.

- Bill Plunkett

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Torrance Daily Breeze (California)

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday

NLCS: SCOUTING REPORT

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 685 words


OFFENSE

The Cubs finished third in the majors in runs scored (808) and OPS (.772) and
second in on-base percentage (.343) during the regular season. Second-year star
Kris Bryant and first baseman Anthony Rizzo each drove in over 100 runs. Bryant
is likely to win the National League MVP after hitting .292 with 39 home runs
and finishing fourth in the NL with a .939 OPS (Rizzo was two spots back at
.928).

But the Giants showed the Cubs can be pitched to. They held them to a .200
batting average and .247 on-base percentage in their four-game NL Division
Series. Pitchers Jake Arrieta and Trevor Wood hit two of the Cubs' five homers
in the series. Add in Kyle Hendricks and pitchers drove in six of the Cubs' 17
runs against the Giants.

The Dodgers, meanwhile, were not as dangerous on offense and also relied on two
key players to drive their offense - presumptive Rookie of the Year Corey Seager
and third baseman Justin Turner. Turner has proven to be an outstanding playoff
performer the past two falls and went 6 for 15 with a triple, a home run and
five RBIs in the NLDS against the Nationals.

But the Dodgers have a large vulnerability the Cubs will try to exploit - they
go limp against left-handed pitching. The Cubs will try to exploit that with
Game 1 starter Jon Lester and relievers Mike Montgomery, Travis Wood and closer
Aroldis Chapman.

ADVANTAGE: Cubs

STARTING PITCHING

The Cubs had the best starting rotation in baseball this season. Their starters
were 81-39 with a MLB-low 2.96 ERA, 1.07 WHIP and .213 opponents' batting
average while throwing the second-most innings (989).

That group is rested and lined up for the NLDS with Game 2 starter Kyle
Hendricks having apparently recovered from taking a line drive off his right arm
during the NLDS.

The Dodgers' best hope might be the element of surprise on their side - the Cubs
did not face Kenta Maeda, Clayton Kershaw or Rich Hill during the regular
season. Those three are expected to start the first three games of this series
for the Dodgers.

Kershaw is the wild card. There is no way to predict how much his NLDS heroics -
starting on three days' rest in Game 4 and closing out Game 5 in relief - might
have taken out of him.

ADVANTAGE: Cubs

BULLPEN

The Dodgers would not be at Wrigley Field this weekend if not for their bullpen
- and manager Dave Roberts' inspired and uninhibited use of that relief corps.

They will undoubtedly be asked to continue to carry a heavy load against the
Cubs. The question is - how much longer can they do it without buckling? Closer
Kenley Jansen threw 51 pitches in Game 5 and had some "leg fatigue" the next
day, according to Roberts. You better believe he did and that could make him
vulnerable in the NLCS.

The mid-season acquisition of Chapman changed the Cubs' bullpen, giving Maddon a
deep and flexible relief corps at his disposal.

Still ... the Dodgers' bullpen crew has earned its battlefield promotion.

ADVANTAGE: Dodgers

DEFENSE

The Cubs and Dodgers were the two most efficient defensive teams in the NL this
season, turning a higher percentage of batted balls into outs than the rest of
the league. The Dodgers did it with sophisticated scouting and positioning -
including lasers - more than any individual brilliance.

The Cubs did it despite manager Joe Maddon moving pieces around. Bryant started
games at five different positions (all three outfield spots, first base and his
true home, third base). Javier Baez started at all four infield positions - but
particularly sparkled at second base during the series with the Giants.

ADVANTAGE: Even

PREDICTION

This has been advertised as the Year of the Cubs since pitchers and catchers
reported to spring training eight months ago. Maddon has preached to a fairly
young team an "Embrace the target" philosophy to deal with the pressure of being
expected to end the North Siders' 108-year World Series title drought. They
responded with a 103-win regular season. The Dodgers' franchise has its own
title drought - 28 years, piddling by comparison unless you live in Southern
California. They have a long way to go to catch up. .... Cubs in six games.

- Bill Plunkett

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Liverpool Champion

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Icy chill blows through starkly beautiful land

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 441 words


The film and performance that might finally land Leonardo DiCaprio that elusive
Academy Award, The Revenant is a cinematic experience. JESS LAYT offers her take
on the film.

EXPECT to see The Revenant name pop up when Oscar nominations are announced this
week.

The film, set in 1823 Montana and South Dakota, and inspired by real-life fur
trapper Hugh Glass' exploits in America, has already triumphed in this year's
Golden Globes winning the prize for best dramatic film and leading man Leonardo
DiCaprio won best actor in a drama, while Alejandro G Inarritu won for its
direction - and it looks set to continue its good form at the Academy Awards.

The Revenant is not for the weak of stomach and boils down to a story of
survival, revenge and retribution.

It is a brutal, no-holds-barred account of Glass' exploits after being left for
dead by his men, half-buried alive in a shallow grave following a bear attack.

He is in the deepest American wilderness in the freezing cold.

Not only must Glass brave the elements and predators, but also evade a Native
American tribe, desperate and distrusting of white folk after the abduction of
their princess.

In this place, at this time, everyone is a foe until proven otherwise.

The film begins with Glass and his group of fellow fur trappers under unexpected
and devastating attack by Native Americans.

The attack is visceral, immediate and gory, with director Alejandro G Inarritu's
(Birdman) camerawork making the audience feel part of the action.

It feels like an 1820s version of Saving Private Ryan's beach landing, with men
brutally maimed and killed in the unrelenting onslaught.

The rest of the film's action is of a much smaller scale, but not less brutal or
discomforting.

Glass is alone for much of The Revenant and DiCaprio does an excellent job of
conveying his thoughts and emotions with little dialogue, consisting largely of
grunts and groans.

His British co-stars, Tom Hardy , Domhnall Gleeson and Will Poulter, also
deliver strong performances and Hardy is a standout character as antagonist
Fitzgerald.

But the most important character in the film is not a character at all; the wild
country steals every scene.

The remarkable locations, which saw cast and crew filming in sub-zero Canadian
temperatures, are as important to the film as DiCaprio.

The absolute beauty of nature, trees and streams, shines through in the film lit
only by natural light.

The Revenant is shot like the world's most expensive nature documentary.

It is stunning and Inarritu's trademark swirling, close-up shooting style shows
the beautiful wilderness off in all its glory.

The Revenant which is in cinemas now is rated MA15+.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: New flick: Leonardo DiCaprio stars in The Revenant.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Daily Record and Sunday Mail

                            December 14, 2012 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

People from Dunblane tell me the town has a much more positive image now .. it's
been nice to do something good for them all;
HOMETOWN HERO TRAGEDY GIVES WAY TO TRIUMPH

BYLINE: Colin Duncan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2,3

LENGTH: 863 words


DUNBLANE will always be associated with the gun massacre which claimed the lives
of 16 children and their teacher.

But Andy Murray is hoping his exploits on the tennis court can continue to play
a small part in helping his hometown to heal.

Murray's triumphs at the Olympics and US Open have put Dunblane back on the map
for much more positive reasons.

And the town has basked in the glow of the world No3's successes.

More than 20,000 people turned up there in the pouring rain to welcome home
Murray at the end of an extraordinary summer in which he became the first
British male Grand Slam champion since 1936.

Murray, 25 - who was an eight-year-old pupil at Dunblane Primary in 1996 when
Thomas Hamilton ran amok in the school - was overwhelmed by the support he
received in the wake of his exploits at the US Open.

And he is now keen to repay the people who backed him by delivering even more
major titles.

Murray said: "A lot of people from Dunblane say to me that the town has a much
more positive image now.

"Half of my family have lived there since I was a kid.

"My gran and grandad do a lot for the community, they have had shops in the high
street. My uncle has an optician's on the high street.

"It is a small, intimate little town and it has been nice to do something good
for them.

"That's why, for me, it was nice when I won to get to go back and see everyone.
It has not changed that much.

"What happened is not something when I'm playing I really think of, but when I
go back a lot of people mention it to me. That is nice because it was a
terrible, terrible thing that happened.

"I don't want to stop here. I want to keep winning more major titles.

"I used to think that losing made you more hungry and determined but after my
success at the Olympics and the US Open I realise that winning is the biggest
motivation."

Murray was reflecting on the best year of his career during a rare break from
his punishing winter training camp in Miami as he gears up for the Australian
Open, which starts next month.

For the first time ever, the Scot welcomed a handful of journalists into his
inner sanctum and gave us a rare glimpse into his innermost thoughts.

Speaking in the Conrad Hotel's rooftop Cafe Bar, which provides stunning views
of the city's beaches, he revealed how his homecoming in September was on a par
with his victories in London and New York.

But his lingering memory of the visit was of how the place where he grew up had
shrunk.

He said: "It was really nice to go back home. A lot of people came to see me,
which was cool.

"I got to see a lot of my old schoolfriends as it has been hard to keep in touch
with a lot of them.

"I spoke to them afterwards, along "with some of my old teachers.

"It seemed weird walking down the high street.

"When I was a kid going round, that high street seemed massive and "everything
seemed so huge.

"But, walking back down it just seemed so little - although maybe that's because
I've grown!

"I then went to my grandparents' house afterwards and it was the same thing.

"I used to remember charging around the living room and now it takes two steps
to cover the whole length of the room. My whole family was there and it's not
often I get to see my whole family at once. It was special."

Murray, one of the main contenders to win this weekend's BBC Sports Personality
of the Year award, admits he did not always feels so loved by his countrymen and
women.

In fact, prior to his amazing summer success story, and after losing his fourth
consecutive Grand Slam final at Wimbledon to Roger Federer, the British No1 felt
like a national letdown.

The burden of carrying the hopes of a country who hadn't produced a major male
winner for 76 years had taken its toll and left him unable to walk down the
street with his head held high.

He said: "After this summer, I've just found it much easier to go out and about,
just kind of walk around.

"I've felt more confident, maybe, as a person. I like to just go and walk with
my head up and just walk down the street.

"Whereas before I was always sort of head down, I never wanted anyone to say
anything to me, or whatever.

"Now I feel a bit more confident .

"I know if someone has something to say then it is like, 'Hey, well done, good
job,' or whatever.

"That's definitely changed a bit since the Olympics especially. The atmosphere
at the Olympics final was unbelievable and to have that much support behind you
was great.

"After that match, I just felt much more comfortable, a bit more accepted. To be
honest, I don't really like getting pointed at.

"I still feel a bit uncomfortable with that stuff but, you know, it's something
you learn to deal with .

"I just feel a bit better about myself now. I also felt like having lost in a
lot of finals or in a lot of tough matches that I probably was letting whoever
it was down.

"I know I'd been reminded every day for the last five years, six years, how long
it was since someone here had won a Grand Slam. So there was a part of me that
probably felt a little bit of responsibility.

"So it's nice, finally, not to have to worry about that stuff any more. I can
just play and see what else I can achieve."

'I now realise that winning is the biggest motivation of all '

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HOMECOMING J Murray with medal and the postbox painted in his honour
IN TRAINING 3 Murray with Record man Duncan on the beach in Miami
STANDING Z TALL Murray is happier to face the world now

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DRC


             Copyright 2012 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Daily Record and Sunday Mail

                            December 14, 2012 Friday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

People from Dunblane tell me the town has a much more positive image now .. it's
been nice to do something good for them all;
HOMETOWN HERO TRAGEDY GIVES WAY TO TRIUMPH

BYLINE: Colin Duncan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2,3

LENGTH: 864 words


DUNBLANE will always be associated with the gun massacre which claimed the lives
of 16 children and their teacher.

But Andy Murray is hoping his exploits on the tennis court can continue to play
a small part in helping his hometown to heal.

Murray's triumphs at the Olympics and US Open have put Dunblane back on the map
for much more positive reasons.

And the town has basked in the glow of the world No3's successes.

More than 20,000 people turned up there in the pouring rain to welcome home
Murray at the end of an extraordinary summer in which he became the first
British male Grand Slam champion since 1936.

Murray, 25 - who was an eight-year-old pupil at Dunblane Primary in 1996 when
Thomas Hamilton ran amok in the school - was overwhelmed by the support he
received in the wake of his exploits at the US Open.

And he is now keen to repay the - people who backed him by delivering even more
major titles.

Murray said: "A lot of People from Dunblane say to me that the town has a much
more positive image now.

"Half of my family have lived there since I was a kid.

"My gran and grandad do a lot for the community, they have had shops in the high
street. My uncle has an optician's on the high street.

"It is a small, intimate little town and it's been nice to do something good for
them.

"That's why, for me, it was nice when I won to get to go back and see everyone'.
It has not changed that much.

"What happened is not something when I'm playing I really think of, but when I
go back a lot of people mention it to me. That is nice because it was a
terrible, terrible thing that happened.

"I don't want to stop here. I want to keep winning more major titles.

"I used to think that losing made you more hungry and determined but after my
success at the Olympics and the US Open I realise that winning is the biggest
motivation."

Murray was reflecting on the best year of his career during a rare break from
his punishing winter training camp in Miami as he gears up for the Australian
Open, which starts next month.

For the first time ever, the Scot welcomed a handful of journalists into his
inner sanctum and gave us a rare glimpse into his innermost thoughts.

Speaking in the Conrad Hotel's rooftop Cafe Bar, which provides stunning views
of the city's beaches, he revealed how his homecoming in September was on a par
with his victories in London and New York.

But his lingering memory of the visit was of how the place where he grew up had
shrunk.

He said: "It was really nice to go back home. A lot of people came to see me,
which was cool.

"I got to see a lot of my old schoolfriends as it has been hard to keep in touch
with a lot of them.

"I spoke to them afterwards, along with some of my old teachers.

"It seemed weird walking down the high street.

"When I was a kid going round, that high street seemed massive and everything
seemed so huge.

"But, walking back down it just seemed so little - although maybe that's because
I've grown!

"I then went to my grandparents' house afterwards and it was the same'. thing.

"I used to remember charging around the living room and now it takes two steps
to cover the whole length of the room. My whole family was there and it's not
often I get to see my whole family at once. It was special."

Murray, one of them.ain contenders to win this weekend's BBC Sports Personality
of the Year award, admits he did not always feels so loved by his countrymen and
women.

In fact, prior to his amazing summer success story, and after losing his fourth
consecutive Grand Slam final at Wimbledon to Roger Federer, the British No1 felt
like a national letdown.

The burden of carrying the hopes of a country who hadn't produced a major male
winner for 76 years had taken its toll and left him unable to walk down the
street with his head held high.

He said: "After this summer, I've just found it much easier to go out and about,
just kind of walk around.

"I've felt more confident, maybe, as a person. I like to just go and walk with
my head up and just walk down the street.

"Whereas before I was always sort of head down, I never wanted anyone to say
anything to me, or whatever.

"Now I feel a bit more confident .

"I know if someone has something to say then it is like, 'Hey, well done, good
job,' or whatever.

"That 's definitely changed a bit since the Olympics especially. The atmosphere
at the Olympics final was unbelievable and to have that much support behind you
was great.

"After that match, I just felt much more comfortable, a bit more accepted. To be
honest, I don't really like getting pointed at.

"I still feel a bit uncomfortable with that stuff but, you know, it's something
you learn to deal with .

"I just feel a bit better about myself now. I also felt like having lost in a
lot of finals or in a lot of tough matches that I probably was letting whoever
it was down.

"I know I'd been reminded every day for the last five years, six years, how long
it was since someone here had won a Grand Slam. So there was a part of me that
probably felt a little bit of responsibility.

"So it's nice, finally, not to have to worry about that stuff any more. I can
just play and see what else I can achieve."

'I now realise that winning is the biggest motivation of all '

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HOMECOMING J Murray with medal and the postbox painted in his honour
IN TRAINING 3 Murray with Record man Duncan on the beach in Miami
STANDING Z TALL Murray is happier to face the world now

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DRC


             Copyright 2012 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                              July 30, 2007 Monday
                                Michigan Edition

LaMountain first to use balloon to spy on troops

BYLINE: By JOHN KOVACH

SECTION: LOCAL; THROUGH THE YEARS: PEOPLE AND EVENTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 918 words


Part 2 of 2

Even after aeronaut John LaMountain moved back to New York in 1858, residents of
St. Joseph County still managed to follow his exploits in the newspaper as he
continued the ballooning career that was launched here back in the summer of
1857.

In 1858, LaMountain was planning an around-the-world balloon flight. A test
flight in July of that year had him traveling 1,150 miles at a speed of 57 miles
per hour! (That nonstop flight distance remained a record until 1910 when it was
broken by LaMountain's protégé, John Wise.)

Although LaMountain's plan for the world flight continued to develop for three
years, that plan was interrupted before the journey by the advent of the Civil
War in April 1861.

Connections paid off

This interruption, however, gave LaMountain another venue to show the
capabilities of ballooning. He was well connected with many newspapermen who had
documented his ballooning exploits. LaMountain wrote to the secretary of war
offering his ballooning services to help spy on movements of Confederate troops.

However, another aeronaut, T.S.C. Lowe, had more political connections than
LaMountain. Lowe used these connections to meet with President Lincoln and
demonstrate a telegraphic transmission from a balloon back down to the ground.
Based on that experiment, Lowe was given charge of the Union Army Balloon Corps.

Although LaMountain was dismayed at being passed over for the head position, he
was invited to serve as a corps member. LaMountain also decided to freelance his
ballooning skills to any commanding Union officer who was interested. One such
individual was Major Gen. Benjamin F. Butler, commander of the Union forces at
Fort Monroe, Va.

In July 1861, LaMountain bested his competitor Lowe by making two successful
ascensions at Fort Monroe. He rose to a height of 3,000 feet and was able to
spot a large encampment as well as cannon positions. LaMountain thus became the
first to successfully use a balloon for military service.

News in South Bend

Back in his adopted hometown of South Bend, the St. Joseph Valley Register and
the St. Joseph County Forum newspapers reported on his exploits. On Aug. 8,
1861, the Register noted that "John LaMountain, formerly of this place, is at
Fortress Monroe and has made several balloon reconnaissances." A couple of days
later, the Forum reported,

"LaMountain has discovered that the rebels are mounting two very large guns on
Sewal's Point, probably, with the idea of annoying the shipping at Old Point, if
not the Fortress itself."

What made a number of these flights unique from standard balloon observations is
that LaMountain risked actual flights. Many other balloonists would leave their
balloons tethered to the ground below as they hovered in the sky, while
LaMountain would often fly untethered. That would allow him to see and cover
troop movements over a larger area.

However, the news being made by LaMountain did not set well with his rival Lowe.
The hostilities between the two grew to the point where LaMountain was dismissed
from service on Feb. 19, 1862.

However, Lowe, too, was forced to resign from the Balloon Corps a year later
when he was accused of financial impropriety. The Balloon Corps itself was
finally abandoned in August 1863.

After being dismissed from service, LaMountain continued his ballooning career
back in New York. However, just two months after leaving the Balloon Corps, his
wife, Mary, died in Troy, N.Y. His young daughter, Ida, was sent to live in
South Bend with her grandparents the Perraults (who were known locally by the
name of Perry).

After a second marriage, to his cousin Ellen Moss (and later a divorce from
her), LaMountain returned back to South Bend himself by 1866.

Ill-fated flight

One of LaMountain's last flights took place in Bay City, Mich., in October 1869.
According to the newspaper, this ill-fated flight "may have hastened his death."
While in the final stages for his flight preparation, the crowd grew impatient
and cast him off before he was ready -- his overcoat and navigation instruments
remained on the ground. When the crowd released his craft from the ground
improperly, the balloon shot up like a rocket into a heavy cloud of mist and
sleet.

As the balloon rose, LaMountain attempted to loosen its valve, located several
feet above the basket, but it froze stuck. With frostbitten fingers, LaMountain
climbed out of the basket and toward the inflated balloon. There, he tore an
opening with his teeth, releasing the gas inside. The rapid leak stopped his
ascent toward certain death, but without a way to control the loss of gas, the
balloon fell with great speed from a height of two miles.

Although he was "benumbed" and "insensible" when he landed, according to the
newspaper, amazingly enough he was not dangerously injured.

Whether this last flight did hasten his death, we may never know for sure.
However, less than five months later, on Feb. 12, 1870, John LaMountain died in
South Bend. According to the Register, "He died poor."

Although a death record for LaMountain was located in the South Bend St. Joseph
Catholic Church records, there is no indication of where he was buried. Based on
the time period and the fact that he died in South Bend, either City Cemetery or
Cedar Grove is most likely his final resting place, but there is no headstone
for the adventurer who served his country at great risk and died a pauper.

John Kovach is a historian and works in Local & Family History Services at the
St. Joseph County Public Library in South Bend.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: This artist's rendering appeared in the Aug. 10, 1861, issue of
Harper's Weekly. It is a balloon view of Fort Monroe, Va., and the mouth of the
Chesapeake Bay. Fort Monroe is where John LaMountain conducted his aerial
observations for the Union Army.    THROUGH THE YEARS is a Michiana history
column. This week's column is provided by St. Joseph County Public Library's
Local & Family History Services, www.libraryforlife.org/localhistory. Are there
any buildings in the county whose history you've wondered about? Are there local
people or events you'd like to know more about? E-mail Libby Feil, manager of
LFH, at l.feil@sjcpl.org with your questions about local history. We'll answer
as many as we can in future columns.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 ComputerWorld

                                 April 5, 2010

Windows Users Patch Fastest Amid Media'sZero-Day Hype;
A researcher says publicity is the top reason why IT moves quickly to fix
zero-day bugs. By Gregg Keizer

BYLINE: Gregg Keizer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 556 words



HIGHLIGHT: A researcher says media coverage is a key reason why users patch
zero-day Microsoft bugs faster than other bugs, whether their fixes are issued
as part of a standard Patch Tuesday release or are included in an out-of-band
update.


Widespread publicity is probably the biggest driver in persuading IT managers to
fix Windows zero-day bugs, not simply the fact that Microsoft sounds the alarm
by issuing an emergency update, according to researcher Qualys Inc.

Zero-day vulnerabilities -- those for which exploit code has gone public before
a fix is ready -- are widely reported on Internet news sites and dissected by
bloggers and thus capture the attention of network managers and IT executives,
who want them fixed pronto, said Wolfgang Kandek, chief technology officer at
Qualys.

Kandek said last week that he reached that conclusion based on an analysis of
data acquired from several hundred thousand PCs that the Redwood Shores,
Calif.-based security risk and compliance management provider monitors for its
customers.

Well-publicized zero-day Windows bugs are patched quickly by IT operations,
whether the fixes are issued as part of Microsoft's standard monthly Patch
Tuesday release or in an emergency out-of-band update, Kandek's research found.

"This tells me that media coverage is what helps," he said last week. "While
[the media] covers the usual Patch Tuesday updates, it doesn't come close to the
attention a zero-day receives."

A December 2009 Patch Tuesday update that fixed five flaws in Internet Explorer,
including one zero-day bug, reached "half-life" -- the point at which 50% of
machines have been patched -- in 10 days, and a January 2010 patch rushed out
the door ahead of schedule made it to the half-life mark in nine days, Kandek
found.

The two zero-day fixes reached half-life about 36% faster than the average
15-day half-life of operating-system-level updates overall, according to Kandek.

He noted that the survey also found that some organizations are taking longer
than Microsoft's recommended 30 days to patch vulnerabilities, while others
don't apply the security updates at all.

"I don't understand why," Kandek said. "Microsoft's essentially saying that most
of the vulnerabilities can be exploited after 30 days [and] that [attackers]
could probably have exploits if they wanted them."

Coincidentally, Microsoft last week issued its second out-of-band update of the
year.

The 10 new IE patches include a fix for a zero-day vulnerability that has been
used by attackers for at least several weeks.

Microsoft rated each of the 10 patches as "critical," the highest level in its
four-step scoring system. All had been slated for release on Tuesday, April 13.

HD Moore, chief security officer at Boston-based security firm Rapid7 , said
that Microsoft had no choice but to make the out-of-band updates when a
Taiwanese researcher nicknamed "Nanika" revamped public exploit code of one bug
so that it worked reliably against both IE6 and IE7.

"Before, Microsoft said, 'Not that big a deal,' but then the facts changed and
they say, 'Sorry, this does affect IE7 reliably.' They changed their mind,"
Moore noted.

Andrew Storms, director of security operations at San Francisco-based nCircle
Network Security Inc. , said that last week's update should convince users to
"get onto IE8 -- not just ditch IE6, but dump IE6 and IE7."

The patches fixed seven bugs, five rated critical, in IE7, which debuted in 2006
prior to the release of Windows Vista. The year-old IE8 was touched by just
three of the 10 vulnerabilities, with only two rated as critical.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 International Data Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

New York: Bronx Man Arrested For Sexual Exploitation, Enticement, Extortion, And
Child Pornography Crimes

LENGTH: 603 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



   Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, and Diego Rodriquez, Assistant Director-in-Charge of the New York Field
Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI"), announced the arrest of
KELVIN ACOSTA on five counts stemming from his sexual exploitation and
enticement of minors, his possession and receipt of child pornography, and his
extortion of victims for money and child pornography.





 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said:  "Kelvin Acosta is charged with
preying on children in the way parents fear most.  He allegedly messaged teenage
girls on Facebook, tricked them into providing their email addresses, hacked
their email accounts, found sensitive images and videos of them, and then
threatened to send these videos and images to their friends and family - unless
they created child pornography for him.  Together with our partners at the FBI,
we are committed to protecting children from those who seek to entice, exploit,
or extort them."



 FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge Diego Rodriquez said:  "As alleged, Kelvin
Acosta enticed and extorted minors for compromising photos and video chats. We
can't charge Mr. Acosta for taking advantage of the trust of impressionable
young girls, but we can charge him with enticement, extortion and being in
possession of child pornography. The FBI will continue to investigate and bring
to justice those who exploit our children."



 According to the Complaint[1]:



 In 2015, ACOSTA communicated through Facebook and other means with minors in
order to induce them to produce and provide child pornography for his benefit.
ACOSTA  manipulated his victims into providing information about their online
accounts that enabled him to take over those accounts and extort his victims.



 For example, ACOSTA victimized a 13-year-old girl by contacting her over
Facebook and telling the victim that he could get her a job at Barnes & Noble if
she provided him with her email address and phone number.  ACOSTA then told her
that he needed a code that was sent to her phone via text message.  The victim
did not know that ACOSTA had accessed her email account and used the "forgot
password" function, prompting the email provider to send a text message to the
phone number on file to reset the password.  Once ACOSTA received the code from
this victim, he told her that he had hacked her account; he said he is a hacker
who does this all the time.  He told her that he would send her friends and
family the nude photographs in her email account unless she sent him additional
child pornography.  Faced with this threat of humiliation, she complied.  ACOSTA
directed the victim to video chat him, to undress, and to engage in sexually
explicit conduct.  ACOSTA told the victim he was taking pictures of her during
this incident.  This victim estimated that she had several video chats with
ACOSTA during which she was naked or engaging in sexual acts.



 ACOSTA engaged in similar conduct with respect to a second victim, a
17-year-old girl.  After hacking her email account, ACOSTA told this victim that
he had two videos of her having sex, and that he was going to send these videos
to her family and friends if she did not do what he said.  ACOSTA directed the
victim to video chat him and engage in sexually explicit conduct.  In the face
of ACOSTA's threats, the second victim complied with his demands, including that
she pay him $600.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                             May 19, 2011 Thursday
                                 ENTERTAINMENT

PlayStation Network revival stumbles

SECTION: VIDEO GAMES

LENGTH: 362 words


Sony's efforts to revive its PlayStation Network (PSN) stumbled on Wednesday
after the firm discovered a flaw hackers could exploit when it came to resetting
passwords.

Sony temporarily disabled PSN and its Qriocity music streaming password reset
pages to fix a vulnerability in a system that was just regaining its footing
after a cyber attack that resulted in it being shut down for weeks.

"We temporarily took down the PSN and Qriocity password reset page," Sony
spokesman Patrick Seybold said in an update posted at the PlayStation blog.

"Contrary to some reports, there was no hack involved," he explained. "In the
process of resetting of passwords there was a URL exploit that we have
subsequently fixed."

Details of the exploit were not disclosed, but a door open had reportedly been
left ajar for hackers to change a user's password if they knew the email address
and birth date associated with an account.

"Consumers who haven't reset their passwords for PSN are still encouraged to do
so directly on their PS3," Seybold said. "Otherwise, they can continue to do so
via the website as soon as we bring that site back up."

PSN connects PlayStation 3 (PS3) consoles to online games, films and more.

Sony on Sunday began a "phased restoration" of network services that came under
hacker attacks in one of the biggest data breaches since the advent of the
Internet.

Cyber thieves stole personal data that included names, passwords and addresses
from more than 100 million accounts on PSN and Sony Online Entertainment
services.

Sony has said it cannot rule out that millions of credit card numbers may have
been compromised.

Sony shut down the PSN and Qriocity on April 20 after its data centre in San
Diego was hacked -- but it did not reveal the breach until April 26.

The entertainment and electronics giant began restoring the services on Sunday
and promised that defenses had been hardened.

The Japanese multinational estimated that the cyber attack cost the firm $1
billion.

Sony chief Howard Stringer, speaking for the first time on the crisis Tuesday,
said protecting private information was a "never-ending process" and he did not
know if anyone could be "100 percent secure."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2011 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Washington Post Op-ed: Digital economy a major source of inequality

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 1019 words


By Andrew White

Special To The Washington Post

NOTTINGHAM, England - When we think about income and wealth inequalities, we are
tempted to lay blame on the old way of doing things. In "Capital in the
Twenty-First Century," Thomas Piketty picks out inherited money as a driver of
unsustainable disparities between the global rich and poor. Oxfam recently
pinpointed the high-profit finance and pharmaceutical industries as engines of
inequality that distribute wealth to the wealthy.

This view is consistent with those who place their faith in the digital economy
as some kind of solution. It is held up as an alternative to traditional forms
of economic activity, and one which can generate sustainable growth and narrow
inequality. Lower barriers of entry into its markets ("anyone can start a
business on the Internet!") is said to widen opportunities and lead to a more
equitable distribution of wealth.

It is for this reason that many politicians and academics continue to advocate
the aggressive expansion of the digital economy, especially into areas which
have not witnessed much of this type of economic activity. Sadly, it's not quite
as simple as that.

Creative license

The expansion of the digital economy has gone hand-in-hand with the growth of
the creative industries. Britain's pioneering development of policy on the
creative industries in the late 1990s was predicated partly on the desire to
exploit the intellectual property generated by burgeoning digital technology.
That applied particularly to those single operators and small businesses that
proliferated in the cultural and creative sectors.

Similar policies have been used in countries at varying levels of development in
the early years of the 21st century. Look at the United Nations' enthusiastic
promotion of the creative economy, and its suggestion that these kind of
structural reforms could work in both the developed world and in emerging
markets. This explains why much research on developmental economics focuses on
narrowing the so-called digital divide in order to give more equal access to a
global economic system which promises prosperity for all.

But what if the problem is the digital economy itself rather than our incapacity
to fully exploit the opportunities it seemingly presents? The first chapter of
Michael Lewis' book "Flash Boys" opens with a story about construction workers
on a project to lay a tunnel for fiber-optic cables as straight as they possibly
could, even if this involved digging through mountains or river beds. The
reason: to connect financial exchanges in New York and Chicago by the shortest
possible route and give the operators a crucial few milliseconds advantage when
processing transactions.

A huge amount of money is required to carry out such projects, and to buy the
supercomputers that can manipulate the data and run the trading programs. It
starts to look like a rigged game, and it is difficult to see how a digital
economy in which financial speculation is so prominent can reduce inequality.

Stuck in the middle with you

There are undoubtedly other sectors of the digital economy where lower barriers
of entry do encourage smaller operators. The early development of search engines
and social networking were characterized by experimentation by single operators
or small groups of people, sometimes students, at home or at university. This
pioneering image of isolated entrepreneurs developing great companies from
scratch goes hand-in-hand with radical sounding rhetoric about taking on vested
interests.

In this worldview, cutting out the middle man, a superfluous type of employee
who will not move with the times, is seen as a demonstrably good thing. Thus,
taxi drivers who complain about having their business taken away by Uber are
often described as inflexible and prone to over-charging. But the middle man has
not disappeared in the digital economy; they have just got richer.

Think of the music industry. Online stores have resulted in the loss of many
jobs as a result of physical record stores closing down. However, our changing
habits have not cut out the middle man. We buy most of our music from
intermediaries, such as Apple. Even record labels, seemingly superfluous to the
online music industry, continue to flourish.

In other words, while the poorer middle men ccc record store assistants, or taxi
drivers ccc have been ruthlessly squeezed, wealthier intermediaries continue to
prosper. Even the supposedly lower barriers to entry in these industries have
not prevented monopolies emerging in online markets in a way that is not as
prominent in markets offline.

A role for universities

It would be easy to finish this piece with a long list of proposed solutions to
these inequities. But what is really needed is the necessary intellectual work
of convincing wider society that the digital economy does indeed pose problems.
This is not helped by the sense that higher education, one of the best placed
sectors to lead this debate, is not always up to this task.

While the views that are expressed in this article are shared by many in this
sector, it is often difficult to seek institutional support for research in this
area when the coalition government's policy of requiring humanities-based
schools and departments to be financially self-sustaining has driven many of
them into the arms of big business or into partnership with STEM (Science,
Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) colleagues who might not be as
interested in a critical examination of the foundations of the digital economy.

Many of these solutions involve digital technology, with big data being the
latest whose application promises to address various social and economic woes.
How welcome it would be if funding bodies could also increase the number of
schemes which ask why the rapid growth of the digital economy over the past two
decades has failed both to reduce inequality and save us from the most severe
financial crisis since the 1930s.

Andrew White is associate professor at the University of Nottingham. This
article was originally published on The Conversation:
http://theconversation.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 10, 2004, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Sasser inspires raiders to jump in

BYLINE: Byron Acohido

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 1318 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE

SEATTLE -- Internet bad guys are boring in where last month's Sasser worm left
off.

Sasser put a spotlight on yet another security hole in Microsoft's Windows
computer operating system by knocking down business, government and
transportation systems around the globe.

Now, in what is becoming a familiar pattern, attackers have launched a steady
stream of smaller-scale assaults, looking to break into Windows PCs exhibiting
the same vulnerability exploited by Sasser.

"Attackers are having a field day with this one flaw," says Ed Skoudis,
co-founder of Intelguardians, an Internet security consultancy.

The weapons of choice: self-propagating worms, more refined and invasive than
the fast-spreading, but otherwise relatively benign, Sasser. Attackers also are
increasing deployment of powerful stealth programs, called bots, designed to
turn a compromised PC into an obedient soldier awaiting orders to broadcast spam
or steal log-ins.


What's more, hacking specialists, dubbed bot-herders, are assembling bot armies
of thousands of compromised machines and using them to extort protection money
from gambling Web sites. They do this by threatening to dispatch a bot army to
flood a Web site with bogus requests so it can't transact bets.

Sasser -- and the cutting-edge worms and bots tracking in its wake -- underscore
how complex and frenetic the battle to secure the Internet has become, security
experts say.

Tapping Windows

Unlike e-mail viruses that trick PC users into loading malicious code, worms and
bots often spread with no help from the victim. They continually probe the
Internet for dozens of known vulnerabilities, particularly in Microsoft's
ubiquitous Windows operating system and Internet Explorer Web browser.

Researchers discover new vulnerabilities so often that Microsoft has taken to
issuing patches on the second Tuesday of each month. Attackers treat new patches
like a set of gift-wrapped keys. They are becoming more adept at undoing the
wrapping, or reverse-engineering a patch to learn how to break in through a
fresh vulnerability.

The batch of patches Microsoft issued on April 13 is a case in point. It
included a "critical" fix for something called Local Security Authority
Subsystem Service, or LSASS, a Windows component designed to manage security and
authentication.

On April 25, a red flag shot up in the security community when a Russian hacking
group posted programming code for accessing the hole on a French Web site.

"At that point, anyone with minimal programming skills could go and build a worm
to hack into machines," says Johannes Ullrich, chief technology officer of the
Internet Storm Center at SANS Institute, an Internet security think tank and
training center.

Security experts' concern derived from an identical scenario that unfolded last
July after Microsoft issued a patch for a critical Windows vulnerability, known
as the RPC/DCOM hole. Code showing how to exploit that vulnerability appeared on
the Internet within days after Microsoft issued a patch for the hole. In early
August, someone shaped the exploit code into the MSBlaster worm, which raced
around the globe infecting more than 1 million PCs and causing widespread
disruption.

With the LSASS exploit code posted on the Internet less than two weeks after
Microsoft issued the LSASS patch, history seemed ready to repeat itself.

Infectious spread

PC users are notoriously slow to apply patches. Patches can tangle up complex
corporate systems. And small business and home users often simply ignore them.
The bad guys know this. On April 27, bot-herders began folding the LSASS exploit
code into multiple versions of Phatbot, one of the new breed of hybrid bots
designed to surreptitiously take total control of a victim's machine while
continually scanning for other PCs to infect.

Phatbot began infecting tens of thousands of unpatched PCs in limited areas of
the Internet. Security experts observing the spread of Phatbot infections took
it as a precursor that someone would soon release a swift, globe-spanning worm,
akin to MSBlaster.

They didn't have long to wait. Sasser first appeared the afternoon of April 30,
a Friday and the beginning of a long holiday weekend in Asia and Europe. Within
48 hours, Sasser infected at least 1.3 million PCs, according to SANS Institute
worm tracking data.

Crudely written, Sasser spread so rapidly that it caused infected machines to
reboot constantly. That wreaked havoc with groups of PCs linked together in
local area networks, commonly used in the workplace.

Sasser halted rail service in Australia, paralyzed a third of Taiwan's post
office and forced Finland's Sampo Bank to shut down 130 branches. The silver
lining: It was immediately noticeable, and spurred victims to clean up and
inoculate their PCs and networks.

A week after Sasser hit, police arrested Sven Jaschan, an 18-year-old vocational
school graduate, and charged him with creating Sasser on a computer in the
basement of his parent's home in Rotenburg, Germany. The same day, police
arrested a 21-year-old-suspect, identified only as Alex G., in Waldshut,
Germany, and charged him with creating Phatbot. While the arrests were
coordinated, police say the cases are unrelated, according to German press
reports.

Microsoft has distributed more than 100 million downloads of the LSASS patch
since Sasser hit, says Stephen Toulouse, Microsoft security program manager.

Risks of doing nothing

Even so, security experts say tens of millions of PCs operated mainly by small
businesses, home users and anyone using a pirated copy of Windows remain
unpatched and ripe for an LSASS infection. After spiking during the height of
Sasser's spread, the number of LSASS-compromised machines has hovered around
500,000 daily, as new strains of worms and bots forage for unpatched PCs,
Ullrich says.

Hybrid worm bots, like Phatbot, amass armies of compromised PCs that sit
awaiting instructions from a bot-herder to spread worms, relay spam, steal data
or broadcast bogus requests to shut down a targeted Web site. Often, the owner
of a compromised PC only notices that his PC seems to run slower than usual.

"The more infected a PC becomes, the more likely the owner is to notice and take
steps to do something about it," says Joe Stewart, analyst at security firm
Lurhq. "But at the same time, we've seen many cases where the owner is oblivious
to the fact they have multiple infections."

By late summer, Microsoft hopes to have ready a free upgrade for Windows XP
computers, called Service Pack 2, which will enable a firewall and switch on its
auto-update patching service by default. "We hope SP 2 will mitigate the threats
our customers are facing," says Microsoft's Toulouse.

But security experts say bad guys are so far ahead of tech suppliers in the
battle to secure the Internet that individual PC users will have to exercise
constant vigilance for the foreseeable future.

"Remember, LSASS is just the flavor of the day. Next week, we may have another
big flaw that attackers will swarm on," says Intelguardians' Skoudis. "Users
need to take it upon themselves to keep their systems patched on a regular
basis."


How PCs get infected

Here are some favorite tools attackers use to infect vulnerable Windows PCs:

Korgo bot: Collects keystrokes for log-ins, passwords, credit card numbers;
transmits them to attacker.

Bobax worm: Checks to see if infected PC has broadband connection, then sets up
relay to broadcast spam.

Dabber worm: Looks for PCs infected by Sasser worm; uses weakness in Sasser to
take control of PC.

Phatbot: Steals AOL log-ins and product keys for games. Harvests e-mail
addresses for spam purposes.

Kibuv bot: Connects PC to a private Internet chat channel to listen for commands
from attacker.

Sdbot: Turns infected computers into spam relays.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Alejandro Gonzalez, USA TODAY, Source: SANS Institute
Internet Storm Center (ILLUSTRATION)

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              494 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             October 3, 2011 Monday

President says Cyprus' sovereign right to drill for gas "non-negotiable"

LENGTH: 935 words


Text of report in English by Greek Cypriot news agency CNA

["President: Our Sovereign Right To Drill for Gas Is Non-Negotiable"-Cyprus News
Agency headline]

Nicosia, Sep 30 (CNA) - President of the Republic Demetris [Dimitrios]
Christofias reiterated that Cyprus' sovereign right to explore and exploit
hydrocarbons in its Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) is non -negotiable. He also
said that the issue of hydrocarbons is a challenge and an opportunity to solve
the Cyprus problem the soonest.

President Christofias also said that Turkish threats and provocations are
baseless, calling on Ankara to contribute to efforts for a Cyprus solution.

In his address to the Cypriot people, on the occasion of tomorrow's 51st
anniversary of the independence of the Republic of Cyprus, Christofias said that
"by acting on the basis of international law and by engaging in intense
international activity, we exercise the sovereign rights of our country", adding
that "the exploration to trace and exploit hydrocarbons in the Exclusive
Economic Zone of Cyprus is a result of this policy, which we will continue to
implement".

"Once again, I would like to underline to all those who attempt to question this
right of the Republic of Cyprus: The sovereign rights of our country are not
negotiable", he stressed.

Turkey, whose troops occupy Cyprus' northern part since they invaded in 1974,
does not recognise the Republic of Cyprus. Following a decision by Nicosia to
begin natural gas and oil exploration in its exclusive economic zone, Ankara has
deployed warships in the Eastern Mediterranean and has signed an illegal
agreement with the Turkish Cypriot puppet regime in occupied Cyprus to delineate
what it calls continental shelf.

Houston-based 'Noble Energy', whose drilling rig is already in place, off the
island's southern coast, has begun drilling in Cyprus' EEZ. The company has a
concession to explore for hydrocarbons in an offshore field, south of Cyprus,
known as Block 12.

The government of Cyprus has protested to the UN and the EU Turkey's moves,
saying it has a sovereign right to exploit its natural resources, pointing out
that Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots will benefit from any benefits that may
come from oil drilling.

President Christofias called on Turkey to respect the international law, saying
that its threats and provocations create tension in the region. "The aim of the
Turkish leadership is obvious, trying to hinder the exercise of a self-evident
sovereign right by Cyprus and at the same time to give equal status to the
illegal regime", he noted.

Cyprus President said that "we will continue to deal with any provocation
through intense political and diplomatic activity".

Referring to the Turkish Cypriots, President Christofias said that "the
profitable exploitation of hydrocarbons that may be possibly found in the
maritime exclusive zone of our country will take a few years and if we do not
solve the Cyprus issue by then, so that we can jointly benefit from these
profits, we, as leaderships, will be accountable to both communities,
accountable to all the people of Cyprus".

President Christofias also expressed his gratitude to the UN Security Council
and other countries, which clearly support Cyprus' sovereign rights.

Referring to the Cyprus problem, he said that despite the difficulties and the
obstacles caused by the delaying tactics of the Turkish side, the Greek Cypriot
side will continue to work hard for a solution of bizonal, bicommunal
federation, within the framework of which Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots
can live and work together again and can together build a better future for all.

"We reiterate that the partition cannot constitute a solution, because it
perpetuates the dangers, the presence of Turkey on the island and it negates the
human rights and the freedoms of our people that Turkey has been violating since
1974", President said.

President Christofias said that independence constitutes the "highest
accomplishment of our people. We honour the anniversary of the Cyprus
Independence looking forward towards a better and hopeful future", he noted.

President Christofias also r eferred to the efforts of his government in order
to tackle the economic crisis saying that "our government already takes measures
to address the problems by distributing the burden in the most balanced way
possible".

He also said that everyone has to contribute and must restrain from "any
destructive rhetoric and danger mongering". He specifically said that after the
deadly explosion at the naval base in Mari, last July, "there were attitudes
damaging to our institutions and especially to the institution of the Presidency
of the Republic of Cyprus, irrespective of who the President may be, which is
extremely important for the survival and the function of the state".

Thirteen people were killed and dozens were injured when a massive explosion
occurred at the naval base in Mari, near Limassol, on the southern coast, in the
early hours of July 11th. The blast badly damaged the island's main power plant,
at Vasiliko, resulting in regular power cuts.

The blast occurred in containers, full of munitions, which Cyprus had
confiscated from "Monchegorsk," a vessel sailing from Iran to Syria in 2009.
Nicosia was acting in accordance with UN sanctions against Teheran.

Cyprus was divided in 1974 when Turkey invaded the island occupying 37 per cent
of its territory. UN led talks have been ongoing since 2008 between the leaders
of the two communities with a view to reunite the island under a federal roof.

Source: Cyprus News Agency, Nicosia, in English 1930 gmt 30 Sep 11

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            January 26, 2009 Monday

Confident Raptors crush Kings;
Toronto wins its second in a row over an inferior opponent and happily takes
what it can get

BYLINE: Doug Smith, Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S01

LENGTH: 608 words


They knew before the game what they had to do and they did it, a workmanlike
victory achieved by a confident group of Raptors that went exactly as planned.

Able to exploit a huge advantage in the front court, the Raptors rode the
talents of Chris Bosh, Andrea Bargnani and Jermaine O'Neal to an easy 113-97
victory over the Sacramento Kings at the Air Canada Centre last night.

It was Toronto's second straight win over a suspect opponent, coming on the
heels of a 20-point rout of Chicago on Friday. But having suffered through seven
straight losses before the weekend began, it doesn't matter to the Raptors who
they beat, just as long as they win.

"We played good the last couple of games. Everybody is trying to help the team,
everybody is stepping forward and trying to play a little bit better," point
guard Jose Calderon said after another splendid effort. "These are two (games)
that we have to win."

Calderon, in his second game back from a hamstring injury, had 16 points, eight
assists and no turnovers in 27 solid minutes. But it was his recognition of what
was working for Toronto and his ability to exploit it that was more important.

He and backup Anthony Parker kept feeding Bosh, Bargnani and O'Neal and the
three big men had as good a game as they could have imagined.

Operating against an inferior front line of rookie Jason Thompson, veteran Brad
Miller and Mikki Moore, the Raptors' big three combined for 66 points and 25
rebounds.

"They (the Kings) stay with the wings all the time, so it was the big guys'
night off the pick-and-roll," Calderon said.

Bosh had 31 points and eight rebounds, Bargnani had 24 and seven and O'Neal had
his first double-double in a month with 11 points and 10 boards in just 22
minutes off the bench.

"We knew we wanted to go inside, we had success against this team in Sacramento
going inside," said coach Jay Triano, recalling a 107-101 victory over the Kings
that included a 36-point performance from O'Neal. "If we can get Thompson or
Miller in foul trouble, they have to go deeper on the bench. Our plan is to go
inside first and that should collapse the defence."

Bosh and Bargnani had 19 of Toronto's 31 points in the decisive third quarter,
when Toronto put the game away with a 31-21 run. It was economical scoring -
neither player took more than five shots in the quarter - as Calderon and Parker
went to work feeding the hot hands.

Calderon was especially effective in that quarter, with three assists in nine
minutes, smoothly running an efficient Toronto offence that shot 50 per cent in
the quarter and 53 per cent for the game.

"He's playing within himself, he's playing under control, he's making sure
different guys get the basketball," Triano said of his point guard. "When he sat
out (11 games with a hamstring injury) he was mentally involved in all the
games. He was watching what this team did, was watching what worked and what
didn't, and I think he learned from not playing."

O'Neal, still playing his way back into shape after missing a dozen games with a
knee injury, seems to have taken well to a backup role, for the moment. That has
allowed Triano to maximize the production and minutes of Bargnani, who made
seven of 14 field goal attempts in just 32 minutes last night.

"I thought he was very good," Triano said of O'Neal. "For the minutes he played,
he goes 4-of-6 (from the field) and has 10 rebounds (and) he was there to help
on defence when he was supposed to be.

"Right now, and this is a credit to him, he realized Andrea was rolling, and to
keep that going. (O'Neal) is a veteran enough player he'll come off the bench
and contribute for us.

"I like our rotation right now."

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2009 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              496 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                             August 8, 2016 Monday

Cheyenne man charged with soliciting minor during CFD

BYLINE: Sarah Zoellick

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. 8-7 NEWS Cruz exploitation charges::1

LENGTH: 519 words


Hed

: Local man charged with soliciting minor during CFD

At a glance

John A. Cruz Jr., 23, of Cheyenne has been charged with conspiring to sexually
exploit a child and soliciting sex with a minor. His arrest last month was part
of a sex trafficking sting conducted by the Cheyenne Police Department during
Cheyenne Frontier Days.

By Sarah Zoellick

Wyoming Tribune Eagle

CHEYENNE - Charges filed against a man who solicited sex with a 12-year-old boy
during Cheyenne Frontier Days last month have been bound over to Laramie County
District Court.

John A. Cruz Jr., 23, of Cheyenne, faces counts of conspiring to sexually
exploit a child and soliciting a child with the intent of committing
first-degree sexual abuse of a minor.

The Laramie County District Attorney's Office charged Cruz with the crimes on
July 28.

Court documents indicate he waived a preliminary hearing in Laramie County
Circuit Court, sending the case directly to district court for trial.

An arraignment in Laramie County District Court has not yet been scheduled.

Cruz was arrested July 25 after allegedly offering to pay an undercover agent
$150 to have sex with a fictitious 12-year-old boy described in an online
advertisement as "young and eager."

His arrest was part of the Cheyenne Police Department's first-ever sex
trafficking sting operation during CFD.

Police initially didn't identify one of the 15 people arrested during the
three-day sting because the person was accused of soliciting sex with a
juvenile.

Cruz's was the only arrest made during the sting that involved proposed sex with
a minor.

Additionally, investigators determined that the women arrested during the sting
were willing operators.

Cruz's name was withheld at the time, pending follow-up with the Wyoming
Division of Criminal Investigation's Internet Crimes

Against

Children unit.

According to formal charging documents filed against Cruz:

A special agent assigned to DCI's ICAC taskforce was working in an undercover
capacity on July 25 when he posted an advertisement offering an individual
described as young and eager on a website openly available to the public.

The agent received a reply to his undercover email account from a subject
identified as John

Jongeward

and exchanged emails with the person.

He told the person that the male subject was 12 years old, and a price of $150
was agreed upon for sex acts with the boy.

The agent told the person to meet at a hotel on West Lincolnway in Cheyenne, and
the person responded that he would be walking to the location.

At around 9:45 p.m. that day, agents saw a man arrive at the predetermined
location and walk around for several minutes.

Agents contacted the man, later identified as Cruz, leaving the area and
interviewed him on scene.

During the interview, Cruz reportedly admitted to going to the location to have
sex with the 12-year-old boy. He was then arrested.

Court documents indicate Cruz posted a $10,000 cash bond and was released from
jail Aug. 2.

Sarah Zoellick

is the Wyoming Tribune Eagle's criminal justice reporter. She can be reached at
szoellick@wyomingnews.com or 307-633-3122. Follow her on Twitter at @

sarahzoellick

.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Vulnerability Summary for CVE-2013-5331

LENGTH: 213  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Computer Emergency Readiness Team, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Overview

Adobe Flash Player before 11.7.700.257 and 11.8.x and 11.9.x before 11.9.900.170
on Windows and Mac OS X and before 11.2.202.332 on Linux, Adobe AIR before
3.9.0.1380, Adobe AIR SDK before 3.9.0.1380, and Adobe AIR SDK & Compiler before
3.9.0.1380 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via crafted .swf
content that leverages an unspecified "type confusion," as exploited in the wild
in December 2013.
Description

Per: http://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/flash-player/apsb13-28.html "Adobe
is aware of reports that an exploit designed to trick the user into opening a
Microsoft Word document with malicious Flash (.swf) content exists for
CVE-2013-5331."
Impact
CVSS Severity (version 2.0):
CVSS v2 Base Score:9.3 (HIGH) (AV:N/AC:M/Au:N/C:C/I:C/A:C) (legend)
Impact Subscore: 10.0
Exploitability Subscore: 8.6
CVSS Version 2 Metrics:
Access Vector: Network exploitable; Victim must voluntarily interact with attack
mechanism
Access Complexity: Medium
Authentication: Not required to exploit
Impact Type:Allows unauthorized disclosure of information; Allows unauthorized
modification; Allows disruption of service

For further information please visit: http://www.us-cert.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Utah: Vulnerability Summary for CVE-2013-5331

LENGTH: 213  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Computer Emergency Readiness Team, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Overview

Adobe Flash Player before 11.7.700.257 and 11.8.x and 11.9.x before 11.9.900.170
on Windows and Mac OS X and before 11.2.202.332 on Linux, Adobe AIR before
3.9.0.1380, Adobe AIR SDK before 3.9.0.1380, and Adobe AIR SDK & Compiler before
3.9.0.1380 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via crafted .swf
content that leverages an unspecified "type confusion," as exploited in the wild
in December 2013.
Description

Per: http://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/flash-player/apsb13-28.html "Adobe
is aware of reports that an exploit designed to trick the user into opening a
Microsoft Word document with malicious Flash (.swf) content exists for
CVE-2013-5331."
Impact
CVSS Severity (version 2.0):
CVSS v2 Base Score:9.3 (HIGH) (AV:N/AC:M/Au:N/C:C/I:C/A:C) (legend)
Impact Subscore: 10.0
Exploitability Subscore: 8.6
CVSS Version 2 Metrics:
Access Vector: Network exploitable; Victim must voluntarily interact with attack
mechanism
Access Complexity: Medium
Authentication: Not required to exploit
Impact Type:Allows unauthorized disclosure of information; Allows unauthorized
modification; Allows disruption of service

For further information please visit: http://www.us-cert.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Saint Lawrence County Man and Woman Indicted on Federal Child Sexual
Exploitation and Child Pornography Charges

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Hermon, NY residents STEPHEN M. HOWELLS, II, age 39, and NICOLE F. VAISEY, age
25, were formally charged today in federal court in Syracuse on multiple counts
including conspiracy to sexually exploit children and sexual exploitation of
children according to United States Attorney Richard S. Hartunian and Special
Agent in Charge, Andrew W. Vale of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Albany
Division.

The five count indictment returned by a federal Grand Jury charged Howells and
Vaisey with the following crimes: Count 1--Conspiracy to Sexually Exploit
Children involving two minor female victims (V-1 and V-2) and Count 2--Sexual
Exploitation of a Child (V-1). Counts 3 and 4 charge Howells and Vaisey,
individually, with Sexual Exploitation of a third female child (V-3). Howells
was also charged in Count 5 with Possession of Child Pornography.1

If found guilty on Counts 1--4, each defendant faces a statutory minimum of at
least fifteen years' imprisonment and a maximum term of thirty years'
imprisonment. On Count 5, Howells faces a maximum term of twenty years'
imprisonment. Both defendants may be fined up to $250,000 on each count of
conviction. Upon release from prison, they would be placed on Supervised Release
for a mandatory minimum at least five years and up to life. They would also be
required to register as sex offenders.

United States Attorney Hartunian said, "This indictment charges Howells and
Vaisey with enticing and coercing children to engage in sexual conduct and
making a video recording of it. The Department of Justice is committed to the
safety and well-being of every child and has placed a high priority on combating
sexual exploitation of minors. We will continue to work closely with our state
and local partners to identify and prosecute those who prey on our children."

Anyone having information regarding this case may contact the Federal Bureau of
Investigation at 1-800-CALL-FBI.

This case is being investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Albany
Division, the New York State Police, St. Lawrence County Sheriff's Office and
St. Lawrence County District Attorney's Office. This case is being prosecuted by
Assistant United States Attorneys Lisa Fletcher and Tamara Thompson.

Project Safe Childhood is a nationwide initiative to combat the growing epidemic
of child sexual exploitation and abuse. Launched in May 2006 by the Department
of Justice, and led by United States Attorneys' Offices and the Criminal
Division's Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section (CEOS), Project Safe
Childhood marshals federal, state and local resources to better locate,
apprehend and prosecute individuals who exploit children via the Internet, as
well as to identify and rescue victims.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Daily Miner & News (Kenora)

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Trudeau takes aim at Trumpism; PM didn't name names, but warned UN about
politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, Canadian Press

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 536  words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's first speech to the United Nations General
Assembly included some less-than-subtle references to the politics practiced by
people like Donald Trump, in a year where populist nationalism has made gains in
different countries.

The prime minister never mentioned any names. Yet he warned three times in his
speech about politicians who exploit anxiety for personal gain.

Trudeau told the convention hall that politicians have a choice to make: Stoke
public anxiety because it works for them politically, or try alleviating it with
policies that improve people's lives.

He cast his government's spending-heavy program as the latter - with an
infrastructure plan that he's convinced will create middle-class jobs.

"What is the alternative?" Trudeau asked.

"To exploit anxiety? To turn it into fear and blame? To reject others because
they look, or speak, or pray differently than we do?" His message was similar to
that of U.S. President Barack Obama.

Before Trudeau delivered his first UN address, the U.S. president gave his last.
He defended globalization, derided walls between nations and encouraged policies
that allow working people to experience the benefits of the global economy.

"Today, a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself," Obama said - one
of three references to walls in his speech. "So the answer cannot be a simple
rejection of global integration. Instead, we must work together to make sure the
benefits of such integration are broadly shared."

He cited several policies that might reassure working people that the globalized
economy isn't rigged against them: Unionization, cracking down on tax havens,
and a social safety net that allows people to retrain for new jobs.

Obama also described foreign aid as one of those tools to narrow inequality -
not within countries but between them.

"A world in which one per cent of humanity controls as much wealth as the other
99 per cent will never be stable," he said.

"A pervasive sense of injustice undermines people's faith in the system."

He took a shot at the notion of trade wars, a solution suggested by populists
like Trump. Tit-for-tat tariff spats would only impoverish the world and
increase the likelihood of conflict, Obama said.

Polls in recent weeks have shown a tightening race in the U.S., where Trump has
suddenly appeared competitive in surveys nationally and in battleground states.
His win in the Republican nomination race comes in a year where other
anti-globalization politicians have achieved success in several European
countries. While they differ in myriad policy areas, common themes shared by
Trump and parties like France's Front National include opposition to trade
deals, complaints about foreigners taking jobs, and advocating a harder line
against radical Islamists.

There's an active debate among American pundits about what's driving Trump's
voters - anxiety about economics, as Trudeau suggests; culture and race; or a
combination of factors, including frustration with run-of-themill politicians.

Surveys have given reason to competing theories.

They indeed show Trump doing better with voters who are less affluent and less
educated. They also show greater resentment toward racial minorities.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jewel Samad, Getty Images; Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addresses the
71st session of the United Nations General Assembly at the UN headquarters in
New York on Tuesday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Daily Miner & News (Kenora)
                              All Rights Reserved
