



Download Request: Select Items: 1-500
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 08, 2017  14:41:59 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (fiddle USA)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            January 25, 2008, Friday

The mainstream media does its job, A feature story about fiddles is proof of the
point

BYLINE: Dave Peyton, Daily Mail columnist

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 554 words


PEOPLE of all political persuasions - conservative and liberal, Democrat and
Republican - love to belittle the mainstream media.

They call them the "MSM," and hiss the letters as if they were poison. They
pronounce the MSM, of which the Daily Mail is a member, dying and practically
dead.

Members of the MSM have lost their power to inform and inspire, critics contend.
Some even suggest they have become the enemy.

Well, don't tell that to Joe Dobbs, owner of the Fret 'n Fiddle music store in
St. Albans.

Less than a month ago, he had almost 70 handmade fiddles. Today, he has fewer
than 15. And 99 percent of those sales came as a result of a story first
published in the Daily Mail, he says.

I wrote the story of the Bender fiddles because I found it fascinating and out
of the ordinary. Two West Virginia natives, Arden and Carol Bender, had
handcrafted more than 100 fiddles where they lived in Franklin County, Ohio.

Yet they never sold a single fiddle. Arden died last year and Carol decided she
didn't have room for them, so Joe was given the task of selling them.

The story was published in the Daily Mail on Dec. 26. A day later, folks started
arriving at the Fret 'n Fiddle to see the fiddles, which Dobbs said were some of
the finest instruments he'd ever played.

The first day after the story ran, Dobbs sold eight.

A few well-known West Virginia fiddlers were attracted to them, including the
legendary Franklin George, who bought one immediately for a family member. Other
fiddles that day went to trained concert violinists and plain old West Virginia
fiddlers.

Sales were brisk, Dobbs said. Then the Associated Press picked up the story and
offered it to newspapers in America and perhaps around the world.

The magic accelerated. Folks from Parkersburg and Morgantown read about the
fiddles and made trips to St. Albans to see them and buy them.

The story apparently appeared in a Charlotte, N.C., newspaper, and folks down
there made calls to Dobbs to buy the fiddles sight unseen.

A West Virginia soldier serving in Iraq contacted Joe and bought one. She had it
sent to her West Virginia home for safekeeping until she got home.

Then there's the story of the Brooklyn, N.Y., violin student who read about the
Bender fiddles and called Joe to make arrangements to have one of them sent to
her home.

A few days after the instrument arrived, she called to buy two more - one for
her and one for her violin teacher, who fell in love with her Bender fiddle.

Joe always knew he'd sell all the fiddles. He just didn't realize he'd sell them
so soon. Now he expects all of them to be gone in a week or two.

And it's all due to a story in the Daily Mail - a real newspaper, not a blog and
not a flimflam Internet site.

The purpose of a real newspaper hasn't changed. Its job is to inform and
sometimes to inspire.

A good story is a good story, and that will never change. There's no better way
to learn what's going on without all the claptrap than through a newspaper
story.

The members of the mainstream media that do what they're supposed to do are as
powerful as ever. Americans will continue to read "the paper," whether it's in
paper form on online.

Why? Because most members of the MSM are doing what they're supposed to do, Rush
Limbaugh and his ilk notwithstanding.

Peyton may be reached by e-mail at davepeyton@davepeyton.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                           September 27, 2004 Monday

Fiddler to showcase talent at Apollo show

BYLINE: PETER MERGENTHALER <i>For The York Dispatch</i>

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS

LENGTH: 567 words


A considerable talent, a band to call your own, and a long, distinguished
musical career -- what more could a guy want?

Well, maybe a driver's license.

Doug Meek, a 15-year-old fiddle player from York, has been a serious musician
for more than a decade. Tomorrow night, he'll be at the Apollo Theater in
Harlem, N.Y., to tape an episode of "Showtime at the Apollo" set to air in the
near future.

Doug has toured up and down the East Coast, but he calls York home. He grew up
in Jacobus under the care of his grandparents, Bill and Lorraine Meek.

Bill, also a fiddle player, taught Doug most of what he knows, Lorraine said.
Doug picked up his first instrument, a plastic toy fiddle, when he was 2 years
old. As Bill played his fiddle, Doug would stand next to him, toy in hand,
trying to mimic his grandfather's every action.

As Doug approached his fourth birthday, his grandparents bought him his first
real fiddle. Shortly thereafter, Doug helped form the "Fiddle For Fun" band with
Bill Meek and former member Peck Foster. The band has since added several
musicians, including Doug's older brother, Brandon, and changed its name to
Casher's Flat.

The five-man band makes stops in Pennsylvania, Maryland, New Jersey, Virginia
and West Virginia.

String of championships: Doug has been, at various points in his 10-year career,
Maryland State Fiddle Champion, Maryland State Mandolin Champion, Pennsylvania
State Fiddle Champion and Mid-Atlantic Grand Fiddle Champion.

Last summer, he was competing in a fiddle-playing contest in Roanoke, Va., when
he caught the attention of Grammy-winning fiddle legend Bobby Hicks. "[Hicks]
said, 'I'd like to work with that boy,'" Lorraine said. "That's exactly what he
said."

Doug and Hicks quickly developed a close working relationship. The Meeks
regularly ran Doug down to Hicks' home in North Carolina for lessons, and the
tutelage has paid off. Under Hicks, Doug has further perfected his fiddle
technique while touring the bluegrass circuit in Tennessee, Kentucky, Virginia
and the Carolinas.

For a nationally recognized young musician, Doug's practice style is fairly
unusual.

"He does not practice," Lorraine said. "He's not even practicing for the Apollo.
He never has. It's just when he has to get up, he does it and he does it
fantastic."

Leaves little time: Even so, the amount of time Doug devotes to playing and
touring doesn't leave much time for anything else.

"I hang with friends," Doug said. "You know, typical stuff."

"He tried football at one time," Lorraine said. "He didn't really like it."

The commitment is also taking its toll academically.

"I really don't do too well in school," Doug said. "I mean, I try, but music is
more important to me."

Doug wants to jump right into professional fiddling after he graduates from
Dallastown Area Senior High School. Hicks and his wife are trying to talk him
into a college education, but Doug is unsure.

"He's not gung-ho about going, he's not gung-ho about not going," Lorraine said.
"He's so young, he could get burnt out, and it's a tough life."

She's right. After all, the guy can't even drive.

-- Reach Peter Mergenthaler at 854-1575 or news@yorkdispatch.com.

Where to see them

York area residents can next see Doug Meek and Casher's Flat on Oct. 4 at the
Steam-A-Rama in Windsor. For more information, e-mail
meekbluegrass@cashersflat.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 York Newspapers, Inc.


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Fiddle-icious in Concert: Farmington, ME

LENGTH: 348  words

DATELINE: New York



 Augusta: The State of Maine has issued the following news release:



       October 21

     Bjorn Auditorium, Farmington

     October 21, 2016

     Categories: Live Music: Traditional , Dance and Music, Kids & Family



 Event Details



     October 21, 2016

     7:00 pm - 9:00 pm

     Kids 12 and under free, $5 Students/ $10 Adults

     Tickets available at the door, also.



     Get Tickets



 Venue



     Bjorn Auditorium

     129 Seamon Rd

     Farmington, ME 04938



 Event Description

 Fiddle-icious, Maine's Largest Fiddle Orchestra



 Join Fiddle-icious, a non-profit, all volunteer community orchestra with
members from Kittery to Augusta, as they take to the stage to share their
uplifting music. Fiddle-icious is a large and vibrant group of Maine musicians
playing fiddle, piano, harp, guitar, banjo, accordion, cello, tin whistle,
concertina and upright bass. Their tunes are passed on from the Irish, Scottish,
Quebecois and Acadian traditions and include reels, jigs, marches, hornpipes,
waltzes, step-dancing and singing. Fiddle-icious is proud to announce a
partnership with special guests this season for limited shows. Joni Harms, a
country-western singer-songwriter hails from Portland Oregon and has graciously
allowed Fiddle-icious to perform original tunes of hers this year. Joni will
join the orchestra for our October 21st, 22nd, and 23rd engagements.
Additionally, on October 21st and October 23rd, Fiddle-icious will merge our
talents with the Franklin County Fiddlers, led by Steve Muise. The Franklin
County Fiddlers are a multi-stylistic fiddle band who love to blend fiddle
tunes, songs, and dance into unique and uplifting performances. Considering
their motto: "Don't be afraid to be awesome!" it should be a fabulous fusion of
musical energy.

 Event presented by:



     Fiddle-icious

     (207) 879-2244

     info@fiddleicious.com

     http://fiddleicious.com /



 Artist/Group Info:



     Fiddle-icious

     info@fiddleicious.com

     http://fiddleicious.com /



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Journal-World (Lawrence, Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 30, 2007 Thursday

Fiddling, picking champs named

BYLINE: Journal-World, Lawrence, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 310 words


Aug. 30--Here's a look at the winners in this year's Kansas State Fiddling &
Picking Championships, which took place Sunday at South Park:

--Miscellaneous acoustic instruments: Steve Luper, Andover, autoharp, first.

--Ensemble folk singing: The O'Shea Sisters, Lawrence, first.

--Banjo: Jim Rome, Lawrence, first; and Matthew Oliphant, Chanute, second.

--Hammered dulcimer: Ron Jarvis, Overland Park, first.

--Mountain (lap) dulcimer: Troy Simonton, first.

--Mandolin: Tim Little, Kansas City, Mo., first; and Max Paley, Lawrence,
second.

--Flat-pick guitar: David George, Lawson, Mo., first, and Efrem Plummer,
Augusta, second.

--Fingerstyle guitar: Steve Gouge, Kansas City, Mo., first, and Chris Sanders,
Overland Park, second.

--Fiddle: Steve Mason, Lawrence, first, and Diane Gillenwater, Topeka, second.

--Youth fiddle: Matthew Oliphant, Chanute, first; Emily Dickie, Paola, second;
Victoria Gilman, Lawrence, third.

--Youth award: Matthew Oliphant, Chanute.

Other youth participants: Katie Beckwith, Perry, mandolin; Sage Cornelius,
Berryton, youth fiddle; Lauren Cranden, Lawrence, youth fiddle; Amanda Dickie,
Paola, youth fiddle; Blaine Dunlop, Parker, youth fiddle; Forrest Evans, Topeka,
fingerstyle guitar; Chloe Frazier, Lawrence, youth fiddle; Courtney Gunter,
Wichita, youth fiddle; Esther Maddox, Overland Park, youth fiddle; Jason
McGinty, Topeka, youth fiddle; Cara Oliphant, Chanute, mandolin; and Shannon
O'Shea, Lawrence, youth fiddle.

To see more of the Journal-World, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ljworld.com/. Copyright (c) 2007, Journal-World, Lawrence, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070830-LW-Fiddling-picking-champs-named-0830

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LW


                          Copyright 2007 Journal-World


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 5, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Fiddle Dancer Boy Wins Queen's Plate

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section 5; Page 3, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 516 words

DATELINE: TORONTO, July 4


Fiddle Dancer Boy passed Wayover and Frost King in the stretch at Woodbine today
to win by a head in the 122d running of the Queen's Plate Stakes, the oldest
annual stakes race in North America.

Fiddle Dancer Boy, with David Clark up, came from the middle of the 16-horse
field to catch Wayover and Frost King, the favorite, who had battled for the
lead down the last half-mile of the mile-and-aquarter event.

The victory brought a purse of $119,616 to Fiddle Dancer Boy's owner, Jack
Carmichael, in his first Queen's Plate victory. Among the spectators was Queen
Elizabeth the Queen Mother. Fiddle Dancer Boy, a son of Nice Dancer, out of
Fiddly Dee, was an 8-1 betting choice.

----

Lord Avie Scratched

Special to the New York Times

ATLANTIC CITY, July 4 - Lord Avie, last year's 2-year-old champion colt, was
scratched tonight from an allowance race because of sloppy track conditions. It
was to have been Lord Avie's first competition since a leg injury sidelined him
last March and kept him out of the Triple Crown races. A track spokesman said
Lord Avie's connections had not disclosed when his next race would be.

----

Weber City Miss First

Special to the New York Times

OCEANPORT, N.J., July 4 - Weber City Miss, owned by Joseph Allen, a newsprint
executive from New York, won the $82,425 Molly Pitcher Handicap today by two
lengths.

The crowd of 18,880 established Weber City Miss as the 7-5 choice, and she
responded with her third victory in five starts this year, paying $4.80, $2.40
and $2.20 for $2 across the board. Mrs. Richard W. Worthington's Jameela was
second.

----

Infraction Creates Dead Heat

ARLINGTON, Ill., July 4 (AP) -Rossi Gold and Ben Fab, who finished in a dead
heat for second, became dead-heat winners of the $121,500 Stars and Stripes
Handicap today at Arlington Park when Key To Content was disqualified from
first.

----

Bold Tropic Wins on Coast

INGLEWOOD, Calif., July 4 (AP) -Bold Tropic, ridden by Bill Shoemaker, led most
of the way today and won the $165,600 American handicap on turf. Shoemaker and
Bold Tropic, who teamed to win this race last year, were clocked in 1:46 4/5 for
the mile and an eighth and beat The Bart by a neck. Bold Tropic paid $5, $3.80
and $3.

In another development, Laffit Pincay was suspended today for five days,
Wednesday through July 12. He thus will lose the mount on John Henry in the
$150,000 Sword Dancer next Saturday at Belmont Park. The Hollywood Park board of
stewards suspended Pincay for ''careless riding, causing interference in the
stretch,'' while aboard Capt'n Arphy in the sixth race Friday.

----

Bitterrook Triumphs

OMAHA, July 4 (AP) - Bitterrook won the $113,000 Omaha Gold Cup today, defeating
nine other 3-year-olds in a field that was weakened by the withdrawal of Bold
Ego.  Bold Ego, who was second in the Preakness, suffered an injury to his left
front hoof last night and was scratched on the advice of the track veterinarian.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 5, 1999, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

FIDDLE CONTEST IN O'FALLON HAS A RICH MUSICAL HISTORY

BYLINE: Paul A. Harris; Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: ALTON AREA POST, Pg. 14

LENGTH: 438 words

DATELINE: O'FALLON, ILL.


Professional musicians inhabit a world that can seem amazingly small, when you
hear them talk about it.

As bluegrass fiddler George Portz was preparing to host the 20th annual O'Fallon
Knights of Columbus Fiddle Contest and Bluegrass Show, scheduled to take place
Saturday, he traced the career steps of several past winners.

He recalled four-time winner Kim Bibb from the St. Louis area, who currently
plays fiddle in Nashville with old-time country singer Wilma Lee Cooper.

Portz also mentioned 1984 junior division champ Andrea Zonn, from
Champaign-Urbana, Ill., who now tours with country star Vince Gill.

However, the most conspicuous talent to emerge from the fiddle competition at
the O'Fallon KC, Portz said, was the 1983 open division champ, Alison Krauss,
now a Grammy-winning recording artist and composer, as well as a star in
Nashville's Grand Ole Opry.

"She was 12 years old when she won," Portz said. "You should have seen some of
the looks on the faces of the older players while they stood listening to her
perform!

"A fiddle contest just brings a higher caliber of playing out of a musician," he
added. "You hear fiddle-playing in a contest that has a quality you just don't
hear in any other setting."

Portz, who once sold a violin bow to internationally acclaimed concert violinist
Itzhak Perlman, won the U.S. National Open Fiddle Championship in 1982.

He founded the O'Fallon KC Fiddle Contest in 1980, and later founded 11 other
annual contests around Missouri and Illinois.

The 46-year-old musician said that 20 years ago there were no fiddle contests in
Suthern Illinois.

"The idea of fiddle contests actually originated in southwest Texas years ago,"
Portz said. "Each ranch would have its own fiddle champion, and all of the
musicians would gather once a year to determine who was the best."

According to Portz, Saturday's program is scheduled to include dancing by the
Happy Tapper Cloggers, as well as performances by former Illinois State open
division harmonica champion Mel Creasey, and the present Illinois junior
division state champion harmonica player, 12-year old Matt McElroy, of Sparta.

George Portz and the Friends of Bluegrass are slated to close the program.

Portz added that all of Saturday's fiddle contestants will be performing in
ensembles comprised exclusively of acoustic instruments.

The 20th annual O'Fallon KC Fiddle Contest and Bluegrass Show is scheduled to
begin at 5 p.m. Saturday at the O'Fallon KC Hall, located on U.S. Highway 50 in
O'Fallon, Ill. Tickets are $ 6 for adults, $ 3 for children. For information
call 632-1384.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Shelton-Mason County Journal (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 10, 2014

Jigs, hoedowns and picking highlight Fiddle Fest 2014

BYLINE: Shelton-Mason County Journal staff

LENGTH: 405  words


The Washington Old Time Fiddlers Association (WOTFA) and the Shelton High School
(SHS) Choir sponsored the 30th annual Fiddle Fest with two performances at the
high school Performing Arts Center on Saturday.

Traditional fiddle, encompassing everything from bluegrass and gospel music, to
dance music, such as reels, jigs, polkas, waltzes and hoedowns to international
music, were played. Jamie Fox of Olympia played songs on the Metis fiddle with
Celtic, French and Native American influences; Rita Hubbard of Port Townsend
played guitar and led the audience in the gospel tune "111 Fly Away;" Jeff
Anderson of Seabeck played guitar and sang railroad and hobo songs; and John
Loder of Redmond played fiddle tunes on his banjo.

The performers ranged in age from 5 to 89; yet their mutual love of traditional
fiddle music ignored the eight-decade difference. At one end of the age scale,
Vern Morgus, 89, played "Stardust" on his harmonica and Vivian Williams,
Seattle's nationally recognized fiddle expert, brought 60 years of experience to
her songs of Scotland and Appalachia. At the other end, Tenino High School
senior Danielle Z'Berg played the fiddle and. provided a Celtic dance; and Mason
County's own Nakhla Family Band and Crichton Family Band provided glimpses of
Fiddle Fest's bright future through these talented young musicians. There were
many more gifted musicians playing fiddle music.

Most choir students had never before heard this type music. Nevertheless, SHS
choir representative High Climbin' Hooligans, brought enthusiasm, spontaneity,
and fine singing to their rendition of "Jimmy Crack Corn" and "The Crawdad
Song." In total, 12 fiddles, six guitars, one banjo, one piano and 24 choir
voices brought Fiddle Fest 2014 to a boisterous conclusion. I only regret that
no one played my favorite fiddle tune, "Orange Blossom Special."

May Yri, 87, of Chehalis, said the music brought back childhood memories of her
father and older brother, members of an eastern Montana community band, playing
some of these same songs.

Ticket sales money from Fiddle Fest was split in half between WOTFA and the SHS
choir. WOTFA sponsors scholarships to fiddle camps with their funds. The choir
uses its share for choir trips to festivals. This makes Fiddle Fest both
entertaining and a good cause Mark the first Saturday in April on your 2015
calendars for the 31st annual Fiddle Fest.

To learn more about WOTFA, go to www.wotfa.org.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SMC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2014 Shelton-Mason County Journal


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            May 21, 2014, Wednesday

Vandalia Gathering returns to Charleston this weekend Free event to mark 38th
anniversary

SECTION: METRO WEST KANAWHA; Pg. P7K

LENGTH: 762 words


The 2014 Vandalia Gathering, a free celebration of West Virginia's heritage and
longtime customs, will take place Friday, May 23, through Sunday, May 25 on the
state Capitol Complex grounds in Charleston.

Here are the scheduled events:

Friday, May 23

7-9 p.m.: Vandalia Gathering Opening Night, West Virginia State Theater, Quilt
Awards and Vandalia Award, Vandalia Award winner performance, Flat-Pick Guitar
Extravaganza featuring Robert Shafer, Robin Kessinger, Brandon Bentley, Adam
Hager, Heather Adkins, Matt Lindsey, Bryant Underwood, Gerry Milnes and Dave
Bing

Saturday, May 24

10 a.m.-5 p.m.: Old-Time for Young Uns, Capitol Grounds, Art Activities, Museum
Education

11 a.m.-noon: Fiddle, Gerry Milnes

12:15-1:15 p.m.: Storytelling, West Virginia Storytellers Guild, Katie Ross

1:30-2:30 p.m.: Mandolin, Luke Shamblin

2:45-3:45 p.m.: Storytelling, West Virginia Storytellers Guild, Mikalena Zuckett

4-5 p.m.: Flat-Pick Guitar, Matt Lindsey

10:30 a.m-6 p.m.: Information booths, Crafts Circle, food booths open

11 a.m.-5:30 p.m.: Old-Time Stage (emcees: John Lilly, Bobby Taylor)

11 a.m.-noon: Registration: Senior Fiddle (60 and over), Youth Fiddle (15 and
under), (Under 60) Fiddle

Noon-1 p.m.: Senior Fiddle Contest

1-1:30 p.m.: Concert, Little Sparrow

1:30 p.m.: Awards, Senior Fiddle

1:45-2:45 p.m.: Youth Fiddle Contest

2:45-4:30 p.m.: (Under 60) Fiddle Contest

4:30-4:45 p.m.: Concert, Jay Lockman

5 p.m.: Awards: Youth Fiddle, (Under 60) Fiddle Contest

11 a.m.-5 p.m.: Circle Stage (emcee: Scott McCracken)

11 a.m.-noon: Registration: Bluegrass Banjo, Mandolin Contest

Noon-1:30 p.m.: Bluegrass Banjo Contest

1:30-2 p.m.: Concert, Bob Shank

2-2:15 p.m.: Awards, Bluegrass Banjo Contest

2:30-4 p.m.: Mandolin Contest

4-4:15 p.m.: Concert, Walter King

4:15 p.m.: Awards, Mandolin Contest

4:30-5 p.m.: Concert, Kate Long

Noon-5 p.m.: Dance Stage, Flat Foot and Squares

Noon-5 p.m.: Mack Samples, Lou Maiuri, Taylor Runner

Noon-1:15 p.m.: Open Dance Flat Foot with music by Mudhole Control

1:15-3:30 p.m.: Old-Time Square Dancing with music by Red Run and Mudhole
Control

3:30-5 p.m.: Open Dance Flat Foot with music by Mudhole Control and Red Run

Noon-4 p.m.: Appalachian Heritage Dancing, Culture Center Great Hall, Vandalia
Dancers with music by Poteen

Noon-1:30 p.m.: Food Contests Registration, Culture Center Theater

2 p.m.: Food Contest, Culture Center Theater

3:30 p.m.: Cake Walk, Culture Center Great Hall, Caller Taylor Runner with music
by Poteen

6:30 p.m.: State Theater Concert, performances by Jim Costa, Elmer Rich, Frank
George, Lester McCumbers, Dwight Diller, John and Marvine Loving, Black Mountain
Bluegrass Band

Sunday, May 25

10:30 a.m.-5 p.m.: Information booths, Crafts Circle, food booths open

11:30 a.m.: Old-Time Stage (emcees: John Lilly, Bobby Taylor)

11:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m.: Registration: (60 and over) Senior Old-Time Banjo/Lap
Dulcimer, (Under 60) Old-Time Banjo

Noon-12:30 p.m.: Concert, Jenny Allinder

12:30 p.m.: Senior Banjo Contest

1:30-1:45 p.m.: Concert, Danny Arthur

1:45 p.m.: Awards, Senior Banjo Contest

2 p.m.: Lap Dulcimer Contest

3:15 p.m.: Concert, Richard Eddy

3:30 p.m.: Awards, Lap Dulcimer

3:45 p.m.: Old-Time Banjo Contest

5:15 p.m.: Awards, Old-Time Banjo Contest

11 a.m.: Circle Stage (emcee: Roger Bryant)

Noon-1 p.m.: Registration: Flat Pick Guitar, Youth Flat Pick Guitar Contests

12:30-1 p.m.: Concert, George Daugherty

1 p.m.: Youth Flat Pick Guitar contest

2-2:30 p.m.: Concert, Front Page Band

2:30-4 p.m.: Flat Pick Guitar Contest

4 p.m.: Awards: Youth Flat Pick Guitar, Flat Pick Guitar

4:15-4:45 p.m.: Concert, Roger Bryant

11:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m.: State Theater

11:30 a.m.-1 p.m.: Gospel Sing with Angie Richardson

1:30-2:30 p.m.: Registration: Liars Contest; Storytelling with Karen Vuranch,
Bil Lepp and Adam Booth

2:30-4:30 p.m.: Liars Contest (emcee: Bill Hairston)

Noon-4 p.m.: Appalachian Heritage Dancing, Great Hall, Vandalia Dancers with
music by Poteen

Noon-5 p.m.: Old-Time for Young'uns, Capitol Grounds, Art Activities, Museum
Education

Noon- 1 p.m.: Storytelling, West Virginia Storytellers Guild, Adam Booth

1:15-2:15 p.m.: Banjo, David O'Dell

2:30-3:30 p.m.: Storytelling, West Virginia Storytellers Guild, Suzi Whaples

4-5 p.m.: Dulcimer, Tish Westman

Noon-5 p.m.: Dance Stage; Mack Samples, Lou Maiuri, Steve Ballman

Noon-1:15 p.m.: Open Dance Flat Foot with music by Saddle Horn String Band

1:15-3:30 p.m.: Old-Time Square Dances with music by Born Old and Saddle Horn
String Band

3:30-5 p.m.: Open Dance Flat Foot with music by Born Old and Saddle Horn String
Band.

Information and photographs courtesy of the West Virginia Division of Culture
and History

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            May 21, 2014, Wednesday

Vandalia Gathering returns to Charleston this weekend

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P8P

LENGTH: 762 words


The 2014 Vandalia Gathering, a free celebration of West Virginia's heritage and
longtime customs, will take place Friday, May 23, through Sunday, May 25 on the
state Capitol Complex grounds in Charleston.

Here are the scheduled events:

Friday, May 23

7-9 p.m.: Vandalia Gathering Opening Night, West Virginia State Theater, Quilt
Awards and Vandalia Award, Vandalia Award winner performance, Flat-Pick Guitar
Extravaganza featuring Robert Shafer, Robin Kessinger, Brandon Bentley, Adam
Hager, Heather Adkins, Matt Lindsey, Bryant Underwood, Gerry Milnes and Dave
Bing

Saturday, May 24

10 a.m.-5 p.m.: Old-Time for Young Uns, Capitol Grounds, Art Activities, Museum
Education

11 a.m.-noon: Fiddle, Gerry Milnes

12:15-1:15 p.m.: Storytelling, West Virginia Storytellers Guild, Katie Ross

1:30-2:30 p.m.: Mandolin, Luke Shamblin

2:45-3:45 p.m.: Storytelling, West Virginia Storytellers Guild, Mikalena Zuckett

4-5 p.m.: Flat-Pick Guitar, Matt Lindsey

10:30 a.m-6 p.m.: Information booths, Crafts Circle, food booths open

11 a.m.-5:30 p.m.: Old-Time Stage (emcees: John Lilly, Bobby Taylor)

11 a.m.-noon: Registration: Senior Fiddle (60 and over), Youth Fiddle (15 and
under), (Under 60) Fiddle

Noon-1 p.m.: Senior Fiddle Contest

1-1:30 p.m.: Concert, Little Sparrow

1:30 p.m.: Awards, Senior Fiddle

1:45-2:45 p.m.: Youth Fiddle Contest

2:45-4:30 p.m.: (Under 60) Fiddle Contest

4:30-4:45 p.m.: Concert, Jay Lockman

5 p.m.: Awards: Youth Fiddle, (Under 60) Fiddle Contest

11 a.m.-5 p.m.: Circle Stage (emcee: Scott McCracken)

11 a.m.-noon: Registration: Bluegrass Banjo, Mandolin Contest

Noon-1:30 p.m.: Bluegrass Banjo Contest

1:30-2 p.m.: Concert, Bob Shank

2-2:15 p.m.: Awards, Bluegrass Banjo Contest

2:30-4 p.m.: Mandolin Contest

4-4:15 p.m.: Concert, Walter King

4:15 p.m.: Awards, Mandolin Contest

4:30-5 p.m.: Concert, Kate Long

Noon-5 p.m.: Dance Stage, Flat Foot and Squares

Noon-5 p.m.: Mack Samples, Lou Maiuri, Taylor Runner

Noon-1:15 p.m.: Open Dance Flat Foot with music by Mudhole Control

1:15-3:30 p.m.: Old-Time Square Dancing with music by Red Run and Mudhole
Control

3:30-5 p.m.: Open Dance Flat Foot with music by Mudhole Control and Red Run

Noon-4 p.m.: Appalachian Heritage Dancing, Culture Center Great Hall, Vandalia
Dancers with music by Poteen

Noon-1:30 p.m.: Food Contests Registration, Culture Center Theater

2 p.m.: Food Contest, Culture Center Theater

3:30 p.m.: Cake Walk, Culture Center Great Hall, Caller Taylor Runner with music
by Poteen

6:30 p.m.: State Theater Concert, performances by Jim Costa, Elmer Rich, Frank
George, Lester McCumbers, Dwight Diller, John and Marvine Loving, Black Mountain
Bluegrass Band

Sunday, May 25

10:30 a.m.-5 p.m.: Information booths, Crafts Circle, food booths open

11:30 a.m.: Old-Time Stage (emcees: John Lilly, Bobby Taylor)

11:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m.: Registration: (60 and over) Senior Old-Time Banjo/Lap
Dulcimer, (Under 60) Old-Time Banjo

Noon-12:30 p.m.: Concert, Jenny Allinder

12:30 p.m.: Senior Banjo Contest

1:30-1:45 p.m.: Concert, Danny Arthur

1:45 p.m.: Awards, Senior Banjo Contest

2 p.m.: Lap Dulcimer Contest

3:15 p.m.: Concert, Richard Eddy

3:30 p.m.: Awards, Lap Dulcimer

3:45 p.m.: Old-Time Banjo Contest

5:15 p.m.: Awards, Old-Time Banjo Contest

11 a.m.: Circle Stage (emcee: Roger Bryant)

Noon-1 p.m.: Registration: Flat Pick Guitar, Youth Flat Pick Guitar Contests

12:30-1 p.m.: Concert, George Daugherty

1 p.m.: Youth Flat Pick Guitar contest

2-2:30 p.m.: Concert, Front Page Band

2:30-4 p.m.: Flat Pick Guitar Contest

4 p.m.: Awards: Youth Flat Pick Guitar, Flat Pick Guitar

4:15-4:45 p.m.: Concert, Roger Bryant

11:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m.: State Theater

11:30 a.m.-1 p.m.: Gospel Sing with Angie Richardson

1:30-2:30 p.m.: Registration: Liars Contest; Storytelling with Karen Vuranch,
Bil Lepp and Adam Booth

2:30-4:30 p.m.: Liars Contest (emcee: Bill Hairston)

Noon-4 p.m.: Appalachian Heritage Dancing, Great Hall, Vandalia Dancers with
music by Poteen

Noon-5 p.m.: Old-Time for Young'uns, Capitol Grounds, Art Activities, Museum
Education

Noon- 1 p.m.: Storytelling, West Virginia Storytellers Guild, Adam Booth

1:15-2:15 p.m.: Banjo, David O'Dell

2:30-3:30 p.m.: Storytelling, West Virginia Storytellers Guild, Suzi Whaples

4-5 p.m.: Dulcimer, Tish Westman

Noon-5 p.m.: Dance Stage; Mack Samples, Lou Maiuri, Steve Ballman

Noon-1:15 p.m.: Open Dance Flat Foot with music by Saddle Horn String Band

1:15-3:30 p.m.: Old-Time Square Dances with music by Born Old and Saddle Horn
String Band

3:30-5 p.m.: Open Dance Flat Foot with music by Born Old and Saddle Horn String
Band.

Information and photographs courtesy of the West Virginia Division of Culture
and History

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            May 21, 2014, Wednesday

Vandalia Gathering returns to Capitol this weekend Free event to mark 38th
anniversary

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P4E

LENGTH: 762 words


The 2014 Vandalia Gathering, a free celebration of West Virginia's heritage and
longtime customs, will take place Friday, May 23, through Sunday, May 25 on the
state Capitol Complex grounds in Charleston.

Here are the scheduled events:

Friday, May 23

7-9 p.m.: Vandalia Gathering Opening Night, West Virginia State Theater, Quilt
Awards and Vandalia Award, Vandalia Award winner performance, Flat-Pick Guitar
Extravaganza featuring Robert Shafer, Robin Kessinger, Brandon Bentley, Adam
Hager, Heather Adkins, Matt Lindsey, Bryant Underwood, Gerry Milnes and Dave
Bing

Saturday, May 24

10 a.m.-5 p.m.: Old-Time for Young Uns, Capitol Grounds, Art Activities, Museum
Education

11 a.m.-noon: Fiddle, Gerry Milnes

12:15-1:15 p.m.: Storytelling, West Virginia Storytellers Guild, Katie Ross

1:30-2:30 p.m.: Mandolin, Luke Shamblin

2:45-3:45 p.m.: Storytelling, West Virginia Storytellers Guild, Mikalena Zuckett

4-5 p.m.: Flat-Pick Guitar, Matt Lindsey

10:30 a.m-6 p.m.: Information booths, Crafts Circle, food booths open

11 a.m.-5:30 p.m.: Old-Time Stage (emcees: John Lilly, Bobby Taylor)

11 a.m.-noon: Registration: Senior Fiddle (60 and over), Youth Fiddle (15 and
under), (Under 60) Fiddle

Noon-1 p.m.: Senior Fiddle Contest

1-1:30 p.m.: Concert, Little Sparrow

1:30 p.m.: Awards, Senior Fiddle

1:45-2:45 p.m.: Youth Fiddle Contest

2:45-4:30 p.m.: (Under 60) Fiddle Contest

4:30-4:45 p.m.: Concert, Jay Lockman

5 p.m.: Awards: Youth Fiddle, (Under 60) Fiddle Contest

11 a.m.-5 p.m.: Circle Stage (emcee: Scott McCracken)

11 a.m.-noon: Registration: Bluegrass Banjo, Mandolin Contest

Noon-1:30 p.m.: Bluegrass Banjo Contest

1:30-2 p.m.: Concert, Bob Shank

2-2:15 p.m.: Awards, Bluegrass Banjo Contest

2:30-4 p.m.: Mandolin Contest

4-4:15 p.m.: Concert, Walter King

4:15 p.m.: Awards, Mandolin Contest

4:30-5 p.m.: Concert, Kate Long

Noon-5 p.m.: Dance Stage, Flat Foot and Squares

Noon-5 p.m.: Mack Samples, Lou Maiuri, Taylor Runner

Noon-1:15 p.m.: Open Dance Flat Foot with music by Mudhole Control

1:15-3:30 p.m.: Old-Time Square Dancing with music by Red Run and Mudhole
Control

3:30-5 p.m.: Open Dance Flat Foot with music by Mudhole Control and Red Run

Noon-4 p.m.: Appalachian Heritage Dancing, Culture Center Great Hall, Vandalia
Dancers with music by Poteen

Noon-1:30 p.m.: Food Contests Registration, Culture Center Theater

2 p.m.: Food Contest, Culture Center Theater

3:30 p.m.: Cake Walk, Culture Center Great Hall, Caller Taylor Runner with music
by Poteen

6:30 p.m.: State Theater Concert, performances by Jim Costa, Elmer Rich, Frank
George, Lester McCumbers, Dwight Diller, John and Marvine Loving, Black Mountain
Bluegrass Band

Sunday, May 25

10:30 a.m.-5 p.m.: Information booths, Crafts Circle, food booths open

11:30 a.m.: Old-Time Stage (emcees: John Lilly, Bobby Taylor)

11:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m.: Registration: (60 and over) Senior Old-Time Banjo/Lap
Dulcimer, (Under 60) Old-Time Banjo

Noon-12:30 p.m.: Concert, Jenny Allinder

12:30 p.m.: Senior Banjo Contest

1:30-1:45 p.m.: Concert, Danny Arthur

1:45 p.m.: Awards, Senior Banjo Contest

2 p.m.: Lap Dulcimer Contest

3:15 p.m.: Concert, Richard Eddy

3:30 p.m.: Awards, Lap Dulcimer

3:45 p.m.: Old-Time Banjo Contest

5:15 p.m.: Awards, Old-Time Banjo Contest

11 a.m.: Circle Stage (emcee: Roger Bryant)

Noon-1 p.m.: Registration: Flat Pick Guitar, Youth Flat Pick Guitar Contests

12:30-1 p.m.: Concert, George Daugherty

1 p.m.: Youth Flat Pick Guitar contest

2-2:30 p.m.: Concert, Front Page Band

2:30-4 p.m.: Flat Pick Guitar Contest

4 p.m.: Awards: Youth Flat Pick Guitar, Flat Pick Guitar

4:15-4:45 p.m.: Concert, Roger Bryant

11:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m.: State Theater

11:30 a.m.-1 p.m.: Gospel Sing with Angie Richardson

1:30-2:30 p.m.: Registration: Liars Contest; Storytelling with Karen Vuranch,
Bil Lepp and Adam Booth

2:30-4:30 p.m.: Liars Contest (emcee: Bill Hairston)

Noon-4 p.m.: Appalachian Heritage Dancing, Great Hall, Vandalia Dancers with
music by Poteen

Noon-5 p.m.: Old-Time for Young'uns, Capitol Grounds, Art Activities, Museum
Education

Noon- 1 p.m.: Storytelling, West Virginia Storytellers Guild, Adam Booth

1:15-2:15 p.m.: Banjo, David O'Dell

2:30-3:30 p.m.: Storytelling, West Virginia Storytellers Guild, Suzi Whaples

4-5 p.m.: Dulcimer, Tish Westman

Noon-5 p.m.: Dance Stage; Mack Samples, Lou Maiuri, Steve Ballman

Noon-1:15 p.m.: Open Dance Flat Foot with music by Saddle Horn String Band

1:15-3:30 p.m.: Old-Time Square Dances with music by Born Old and Saddle Horn
String Band

3:30-5 p.m.: Open Dance Flat Foot with music by Born Old and Saddle Horn String
Band.

Information and photographs courtesy of the West Virginia Division of Culture
and History

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 8, 2011 Monday

Beyond Bach: Sheridan teen wins state fiddle playing championship

BYLINE: John Grant Emeigh, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


Aug. 08--This young gal can play anything from Beethoven to Buck Owens.

She's 17, lives in Sheridan and is the best fiddle player in Montana.

She proved it.

On July 23, Tiffany Boucher bested the competition at the Montana State Old-Time
Fiddle Contest in Choteau to become the 2011 champion.

"I was really excited," she said. "There were a lot of good people there."

Boucher was just knee-high to a fiddle when she took up the instrument 11 years
ago. Her mother started her on the piano when she was 5; then she learned to
play classical violin.

"When I turned 6, I just turned to the fiddle," she said.

Her family lived in Helena at the time, but moved to Sheridan where classical
violin lessons are as scarce as skyscrapers. But there was plenty of fiddle
playing. She soon picked up that style of music.

"You have to change the way you play," she explained about fiddle and violin
playing. "Classical is so much more structured."

She can quickly turn her fiddle back into a violin by playing with the Butte
Symphony. Boucher said she finds both styles rewarding to play, but likes to
"cut loose" on the fiddle.

She certainly cut loose during the competition on July 23. Each contestant had
to play in three sets of three songs. Songs had to be a hoedown, waltz and a
song of choice.

Winning the Montana title isn't enough for this ambitious Sheridan High senior.
She's rosining up her bow for the Grand Master Fiddler Championship in Nashville
in September. Boucher will go up against the greatest fiddle players in the
world, but she says she's not rattled.

"I don't really get nervous before a competition, because I love performing in
front of people," she said.

Boucher was the 2010 Montana state junior champion, and placed fourth in the
junior division at the National Old-Time Fiddle Contest in Weiser, Idaho, in
June, she said.

Her mother, Jennifer, said she's proud of her daughter's accomplishments.

"She's put 11 years of dedication, focus and effort into her music," Jennifer
Boucher said.

Tiffany Boucher's dedication goes beyond music. Her mother says her daughter has
always been an A student and plans to attend Vanderbilt University in Nashville.

"I really admire her drive," her mother said. "She always achieves her goals."

Tiffany Boucher can be seen performing with her mother on guitar, and brother,
Cody, 15, on guitar and bodhran in their band Strings of Fire. They will play in
Butte at this year's An Ri Ra Irish Festival Saturday afternoon.

"We play old-time fiddle music and upbeat Celtic music," she said.

- Reporter John Grant Emeigh may be reached via e-mail at john.emeigh@lee.net

To see more of The Montana Standard, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mtstandard.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Montana Standard, Butte
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110808-BU-Beyond-Bach-Sheridan-teen-wins-state-fiddle
-playing-championship-0808-20110808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2011 The Montana Standard


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            January 31, 2017 Tuesday

McHenry County teen fiddles away her political stress

BYLINE: By Burt Constable

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 643 words


During another tense weekend of fear, anger, confusion and protests fueled by
the Trump Administration's travel restrictions on people entering the United
States from seven Muslim-majority nations, a simple song rose above the din at
airports in Philadelphia, Denver, Washington, D.C., and even Grand Rapids,
Michigan.

"This land is your land, this land is my land," sang protesters of different
backgrounds, ages, colors, heritages and religions. The singers weren't always
in key, and some of the lyrics got messed up, but the performers always managed
to bring it home at the end with, "This land was made for you and me."

Using Woody Guthrie's old folk song to capture the modern mood makes perfect
sense to 18-year-old Georgia Rae Mussared of Richmond, a fiddling champion and
anchor of the Georgia Rae Family Band.

"I think folk music is called folk music because it's music for the people, by
the people," says the McHenry County teen, who goes by Georgia Rae. "Sometimes
folk music does have the stereotype of being simple, and sometimes the songs are
simple. But then you have more room for your emotions and how you are feeling.
With folk music, you have the freedom to change it."

Georgia Rae has changed her own style during her career. She started taking
violin lessons at age 5 from a teacher who used the Suzuki method, recognized
for its ability to start children playing at a very young age. "But then she
(her first violin teacher) went away to college and my mom found me a fiddle
teacher," Georgia Rae says.

A part-time student at Richmond-Burton Community High School, Georgia Rae won
the Illinois fiddle championship in 2013 and 2015, the Wisconsin title in 2014,
the Minnesota crown in 2015 and 2016, and she and fiddle partner Shawn Drake won
state titles in Minnesota and Colorado before winning the National Old Time
Fiddlers Twin Division last year.

"I love it just as much as any violin player," Georgia Rae says of her fiddle.
"I play it about four hours a day, and more in the summer when I don't have
school."

The distinction between a violin and a fiddle is a matter of semantics. Teaching
fiddle students three days a week, Georgia Rae says she recently recognized a
song in a Suzuki violin book as "an old folk tune I know." Asked to point out
the difference between a classical violin and the stringed instrument she plays,
Georgia Rae says, "A fiddle, you can spill beer on."

But she recently joined the Lake Geneva Symphony Orchestra as a violin player.
"I bought myself a cello a year ago and I'm messing around with that," she adds.
"And I'm getting into jazz."

The Georgia Rae Family Band includes her sisters, Kelly Jo, 21, who plays
smaller instruments and is the lead singer; Quin, 16, who plays mandolin, and
bassist Joe Burie, 19. of Wisconsin. The group performs at 8 p.m. on Friday,
Feb. 17, at the Elbo Room, 2871 N. Lincoln Ave, in Chicago, Tickets are $10.
Visit elboroomlive.com for details.

"I've lived my whole life with a cornfield in my backyard and cows across the
street," Georgia Rae says. "I'll be super-excited to play in the city."

The girls' mother, Roni, is a musician, while their father, Mark, is a member of
Cement Masons Union Local 502, and "his hands are a little too beat up to tackle
a string instrument," Georgia Rae says with a laugh.

"It's just going to be a place to love each other and play some nice music,"
Georgia Rae says of the Elbo Room gig. "No matter what you believe or think, we
can all relate to the music, the universal language."

William Congreve, an English playwright in the late 17th and early 18th Century,
once wrote, "Music has charms to soothe a savage breast," and Gloria Rae says
folk music can be adapted to help everyone cope with the pressures of today.

"It's definitely helped me with all my political stress," Georgia Rae says.
"I've been sitting in my room, playing music."

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy of Georgia Rae Family Band A state and national fiddle
champion, 18-year-old Georgia Rae Mussared, right, performs with her sisters,
Quin, 16, left, and Kelly Jo, 21, center, as part of the Georgia Rae Family Band
from Richmond. Courtesy of Georgia Rae Family Band A state and national fiddle
champion, 18-year-old Georgia Rae Mussared, right, performs with her sisters,
Quin, 16, left, and Kelly Jo, 21, center, as part of the Georgia Rae Family Band
from Richmond.Courtesy of Georgia Rae Family Band Whether it's "This Land is
Your Land" being sung by protesters at airports or the songs that the Georgie
Rae Family Band will play Feb. 17 at the Elbo Room in Chicago, music can relieve
stress, says Georgia Rae Mussared. Courtesy of Georgia Rae Family Band Whether
it's "This Land is Your Land" being sung by protesters at airports or the songs
that the Georgie Rae Family Band will play Feb. 17 at the Elbo Room in Chicago,
music can relieve stress, says Georgia Rae Mussared. Whether it's "This Land is
Your Land" being sung by protesters at airports or the songs that the Georgie
Rae Family Band will play Feb. 17 at the Elbo Room in Chicago, music can relieve
stress, says Georgia Rae Mussared, a state and national fiddle champion from
Richmond.Courtesy of Georgia Rae Family Band The only member of the family who
doesn't play an instrument, Mark Mussared, center, shares a moment backstage at
the Pabst Theater in Milwaukee with his wife, Roni, and their daughters, from
left, Kelly Jo, Georgia Rae and Quin, who make up the Georgia Rae Family Band.
Courtesy of Georgia Rae Family Band The only member of the family who doesn't
play an instrument, Mark Mussared, center, shares a moment backstage at the
Pabst Theater in Milwaukee with his wife, Roni, and their daughters, from left,
Kelly Jo, Georgia Rae and Quin, who make up the Georgia Rae Family Band.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             July 14, 2009, Tuesday

Local fiddler has seen a long string of success;
Jake Krack has won several championships and has received a $5,000 grant

BYLINE: MARY CHILDRESS, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 700 words


The old joke goes: Violinists call them strings; fiddle players call them
"strangs."

With his bow in his hand, Jake Krack makes them sing no matter what they're
called.

This young fiddle player has wowed audiences since he was a young boy.

He brought his talent to the Rotary Club of Charleston on Monday and played a
selection of traditional Appalachian fiddle tunes.

Now 24 years old, Krack began taking fiddle lessons in his home state of Indiana
at the age of 6. One of his teachers introduced him to the music of Braxton
County's master fiddler, Melvin Wine.

Jake and his parents, Reed and Dara would visit with Wine several times a year
until the Krack family became immersed in the old-time music culture and moved
here in 1998.

In addition to Wine, who is now deceased, Krack learned from Calhoun County
master fiddler Lester McCumbers.

Krack's remarkable ability comes not from reading music, but from listening and
watching his mentors.

"I really learned by ear," he said. "Melvin would play a tune, and I would
listen and watch and eventually I could play it back to him."

But Krack admits to having a secret weapon with him - a tape recorder. "That way
I could always go back and listen again to the music," he said.

Wine was 86 years old when Jake met him, and soon it morphed into a
grandson-grandfather relationship.

"I spent so much time with him that he was family to me," Krack said. "We would
play tunes back and fourth until I got it."

His passion for the fiddle started when he was 4 years old and strummed pretend
tunes on a cardboard fiddle with Magic Marker strings.

When Krack was just 11 years old, he'd recorded his first CD. In 2000, the
15-year old freshman at Charleston Catholic High School had played at the
Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington, D.C.

He's also been featured in the New York Times, the Chicago Tribune, Time
magazine and on CNN.

He's played in festivals around the country and won championships in West
Virginia, Virginia and North Carolina. Krack has also received a $5,000
individual grant from the National Endowment for the Arts several years ago.

After he graduated from Charleston Catholic, he majored in Appalachian Studies
at Berea College in Berea, Ky., graduating in 2007.

He's now the individual artists coordinator, working on professional development
grants at the West Virginia Division of Culture and History.

He still gets to play at festivals in the state and surrounding areas, just not
as often.

"I travel a lot on weekends," Krack said. "I'll be going to Galax, Va., next
Saturday for a festival then I'll be playing Sunday @ Two at Tamarack this
Sunday."

He'll also head to the Appalachian String Festival in Clifftop July 30 for the
fiddle contest.

When Krack takes up the fiddle, it's the bow that makes the music.

"That's what makes you tap your foot," he told the Rotarians.

"When I play a tune I've learned from Melvin I'll hold the bow like he did and
I've got his sound," Krack said. "When I play music I've learned from Lester I
hold my bow just like him and then the tunes sound like him."

While Krack is now learning from fiddler Bobby Taylor of St. Albans, he now says
his style of fiddle playing is a combination of all three of his teachers.

"Taking from Taylor is learning another style and getting another sound from the
fiddle," he said. "There's always something new to learn."

When Krack is listening to his mentor's tunes, he can always tell who is
playing.

"When I hear the tune I know from the sound who's playing," he said. "Every
fiddler has a different bowing sound and I can always tell who has their hand on
that bow.

"There's really no difference between a fiddle and a violin," he said.

"It just depends on the sound that comes out.

"But my dad has always said there's a big difference between a fiddle player and
a violinist," Krack said.

"A fiddle player will brag about how little he's paid while a violinist will
brag about how much he's paid."

CRAIG CUNNINGHAM/DAILY MAIL

Jake Krack, who has won numerous awards and contests for his fiddle playing,
entertained members of the Rotary Club of Charleston on Monday with his old-time
Appalachian tunes.

Contact writer Mary Childress at maryc@dailymail.com or 304-348-4886.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Idaho Falls Post Register (Idaho)

                              June 14, 2013 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Fiddling;
Hillcrest grad shares her love of American art form

BYLINE: KATIE ROENIGK,

SECTION: TICKET; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 453 words


Fiddling is more than simply mastering a musical style for Hillcrest High School
valedictorian Shelby Russell.

""I love learning about the history behind each song,"" Russell said. ""Looking
back in history, the fiddle was always there to brighten someone's spirits and
help cheer them up.""

Fiddle songs, called ""hoe-downs,"" were written for farmers who were tired
after a hard day of harvesting, she said. And fiddlers played ""break-downs""
when something went wrong.

""When the pioneers were coming across the West, they'd have a breakdown of
their wagons so they'd stop to fix it,"" Russell said. ""The fiddler would get
out his fiddle and play a tune.""

Russell uses her instrument in a similar way, regularly visiting local senior
centers to play for elderly residents.

""It's so rewarding to see their faces brighten up,"" she said.

Russell also performs in more formal settings.

She is reigning junior champion of the Idaho Open Fiddle Contest, Idaho State
Fiddle Championship, Northwest Regional Fiddle Contest and Rocky Mountain
Regional Fiddle Championship and Music Festival. She's also a three-time Idaho
state guitar and mandolin champion.

Russell was in Boise earlier this week getting ready for this year's Idaho Open
Fiddle Contest, which runs today and Saturday at the Nampa Civic Center.

Later this month, she will compete in the National Oldtime Fiddle Contest and
Festival in Weiser.

Russell said she placed seventh at the national competition last year and hopes
to make the top five this year - ""or maybe even win it."" Anyone interested in
attending the event should visit fiddlecontest.com for details.

On June 29, Russell will compete in the Idaho State Fiddle Championship in
Gooding, then head to Jackson, Wyo., to play with a 20-piece orchestra for the
Jackson Hole Center for the Arts' production of the musical ""South Pass!""

""I've never done that,"" Russell said of performing with an orchestra. ""I'm
kind of excited to see what it's like.""

This fall, Russell will start classes at Idaho State University, where she plans
to major in music education. She said she wants to become a teacher so she can
continue sharing her love of music with others - particularly when it comes to
fiddling.

""The reason (fiddling) is here today is because people taught each other and
helped give it to the next generation,"" Russell said. ""I want to do the same
and help carry it on.""

If you go

What: Jackson Hole Center for the Arts production of ""South Pass!""

When: July 5 to July 26. Performances begin at 8 p.m. Visit southpassmusical.com
for specific show dates.

Where: Center Theater, 265 S. Cache St., Jackson, Wyo.

Tickets: $35 for adults, $25 for seniors and students, $15 for children 10 and
younger

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Lassen County Times (Susanville, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 1, 2014

Local fiddler shines at several competitions

BYLINE: Lassen County Times staff

LENGTH: 288  words


Lassen High School fiddler Tallon Sandoval continues to impress and delight
judges and listeners alike with strong showings at several recent fiddle
contests.

On June 14, Sandoval competed in the junior division (13 to 18 year olds) at the
Tdaho State Open Fiddle Championship in Nampa, Idaho. He placed in the top five
to advance to the second round and finished in fifth place.

On June 16, he also completed in two divisions at the National Old-time Fiddle
Championship in Weiser, Idaho, considered by many to be the most prestigious
fiddle competition in the United States.

National Old-time Fiddle Championship

To qualify for the opportunity to compete in the Certified Showcase division,
the contestant must have won first place in a state contest certified by the
National Old-time Fiddler's Contest. Sandoval played a'tune that was a
combination of a classical violin piece integrated with the classic rock song
"Owner of a Lonely Heart." He won that division and was named Best Male
Entertainer.

Sandoval next competed in the Junior Division against the top 55 other junior
contestants from as far away as Kentucky Texas, Minnesota, Illinois, Ohio,
Tennessee and Washington. After all contestants played their first round, only
the top 12 contestants, including Sandoval, advanced to the next round. He
finished 11th in the junior division.

Sandoval's other recent accomplishments consist of first place at the California
State Fiddle Championship, first place at the Weaverville Open Contest, first
place at the Western Open Fiddle Championship and first place in the Open
Division at the Death Valley Old-time Fiddling Contest. He is now preparing to
compete in the 2014 Grand Master's Fiddle Contest in Nashville, Tennessee.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LAS

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Lassen County Times


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           January 17, 2008 Thursday

Yeehaw!

BYLINE: By Andrea Paquin, Sun Correspondent

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Stepping Out

LENGTH: 206 words


Weekends getting dull? Strap on your cowboy boots and stomp over to Groton
Grange Hall for an old-fashioned evening of dance and fiddle Saturday night. The
Family Barn Dance showcases Groton's Contra Banditos and the Two Fiddles of
Canterbury, N.H. Take advantage of this opportunity to dance to the beat of
fiddles, flutes and whistles in a historic community center and art house.

The Contra Banditos make Celtic, contra and old-time fiddle music in the
traditional New England barn style. Playing everything from jigs, reels, waltzes
and polkas to Cajun, old time and blue grass, the 16-member group will get you
up and moving. But the highlight of the night might be their accompaniment, the
Two Fiddles.

Self-taught fiddle masters, Jacqueline and Dudley Laufman, have been creating
and preserving traditional barn music since 1986.

At 71 years old, Dudley is often credited with reviving and maintaining country
music in the area. He has been calling dances for over 50 years in Alaska,
Hawaii, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Kansas, Quebec and the Pacific Northwest.

Beginners are welcome. Adults $5 donation at the door; children and seniors $3.
Refreshments provided.

Saturday, from 7 to 9:30 p.m., Groton Grange Hall, 80 Champney St., Groton.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           October 11, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL Edition

Fiddle-icious tunes up for fall concert series;
The orchestra plays reels, jigs, aires, marches and waltzes at Gorham High
School on Oct. 21.

BYLINE: ISAAC KESTENBAUM News Assistant

SECTION: YOUR NEIGHBORS - LAKES; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 282 words


The Maine fiddle orchestra Fiddle-icious recently recorded its fourth album and
is about to start its 2007 concert series, which includes a show in Gorham on
Oct.27.

Gorham is home to founding member Don Roy, who led a monthly fiddle workshop in
Portland that evolved into Fiddle-icious in 2004.

''(Roy) would just go in and teach a couple of tunes once a month,'' recalled
longtime Fiddle-icious member Roxanne Horne. ''At that point there were maybe 10
to 15 people. Then we thought, since we were learning all these tunes, we should
maybe share them with the community.''

And Fiddle-icious was born. The group has grown to more than 80 members,
although not every member will be at every concert, said Horne. ''Some people
can't make all the performances because they're in varied locations,'' she said.
''There will be at least 60 (at each performance), I would say. Probably the
Gorham performance would have the most people because there's a lot of (members)
that live in the Portland area.''

Most of the songs in the group's repertoire are from the Scottish, Irish,
Quebecois and Acadian traditions and include reels, jigs, aires, marches,
waltzes, step-dancing and singing.

The forthcoming album contains many of these songs, and Thorne said the CD
should be available at the concerts.

Thorne said the shows are ''very upbeat and lively,'' with plenty of dancing.
Many of last year's concerts were standing-room-only, said Thorne.

''We have a lot of fun,'' she said. ''And then after the concerts are over, our
season stops until January. Then we come back and start learning new tunes for
next year.''


News Assistant Isaac Kestenbaum can be contacted at 791-6308 or at:

ikestenbaum@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos courtesy Fiddle-icious
Fiddle-icious has 80 members, of which at least 60 appear at each performance.
Most of the songs in the group's repertoire are from the Scottish, Irish,
Quebecois and Acadian traditions and include reels, jigs, aires, marches,
waltzes, step-dancing and singing.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 19, 2009 Saturday

Uncle Pen's fiddle to come back to museum

BYLINE: Keith Lawrence, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 704 words


Sep. 19--Uncle Pen's fiddle is coming back to the International Bluegrass Music
Museum in Owensboro next month, where it will become part of an exhibit
celebrating Bill Monroe's upcoming 100th birthday.

Monroe, "the father of bluegrass music," was born in Rosine on Sept. 13, 1911.
He was buried in the Rosine Cemetery on Sept. 12, 1996.

Gabrielle Gray, the museum's executive director, said the famous fiddle is now
owned by Terry Woodward, owner of WaxWorks/VideoWorks.

Woodward, who was instrumental in the museum's founding and serves on its board
of trustees, has loaned the instrument to the museum through at least 2012, Gray
said.

The old fiddle, played by Monroe's uncle, Pendleton Vandiver, at Ohio County
dances in the 1920s, has been retooled and is currently being used to record
songs for a movie that's being planned about Monroe's life and music, Gray said.

"All kinds of people are playing it," she said. "Ricky Skaggs is going to record
on it."

Vandiver's fiddle was featured at the grand opening of Monroe's boyhood home on
Jerusalem Ridge on Aug. 23, 2001. The home, which had fallen into a serious
state of disrepair, was restored at a cost of more than $300,000.

Then-Gov. Paul Patton attended along with thousands of people from across the
country.

Herman Alvey, a local fiddle legend who had restored Vandiver's fiddle earlier
that year, brought it onto the porch of the old home that day.

For the first time since the late 1920s, organizers said, the fiddle Vandiver
played at area dances rang out "high on the hill above the town," as Monroe sang
in his tribute song, "Uncle Pen."

Monroe wrote: "Late in the evening about sundown/High on the hill above the
town/Uncle Pen played the fiddle/Lord, how it would ring/You could hear it
talk/You could hear it sing."

People screamed and crowded in to take pictures as Alvey played "Soldier's Joy,"
a song Vandiver used to play. Joining in were Mike Seeger of The New Lost City
Ramblers on mandolin; Wayne Lewis, who spent 11 years as Monroe's lead singer,
on guitar; and Emily Dowden of The Dowden Sisters on banjo.

Robert Bowlin of Pocohantas, Ark., Monroe's last fiddle player, took over
Vandiver's fiddle later and ripped into "Boston Boy," another old dance tune.

"It sounded like a good old-time fiddle," he said later. "This is pretty wild."

At the time, organizers of the event said that Vandiver's fiddle was silenced in
the late 1920s, when a horse fell on him, breaking his leg and the fiddle.

Campbell Mercer, executive director of the Ohio County-based Jerusalem Ridge
Bluegrass Music Foundation, said then that Vandiver traded the fiddle to a
repairman, who sold it to a 12-year-old boy named O.D. Stogner, who played it in
a string band in the 1930s.

But Stogner put the fiddle away when his brother died, and it hadn't been played
since, he said.

In 1992, when the bluegrass museum opened, the fiddle was on loan from the
family that owned it.

It was on display in the museum for several years, including 1995, when Monroe
visited the museum to pick with other musicians at a jam session.

Monroe spent several minutes looking at the fiddle that night.

Vandiver died in 1932. On Sept. 15, 1973, during the first Rosine bluegrass
festival, celebrating the town's 100th birthday, Monroe unveiled a monument on
Vandiver's grave that featured the words to the song, "Uncle Pen."

It quickly became a photo opportunity for bluegrass fans visiting the town.

By 1927, both of Monroe's parents were dead, and he had moved in with Vandiver,
his mother's brother.

He traveled with Vandiver to local dances and accompanied him on mandolin and
guitar for two years. Then, Monroe left home to join his brothers working in oil
refineries near Chicago by day and performing at night.

Keith Lawrence, 691-7301, klawrence@messenger-inquirer.com

To see more of the Messenger-Inquirer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.messenger-inquirer.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Messenger-Inquirer,
Owensboro, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090919-OW-Uncle-Pen-s-fiddle-to-come-back-to-museum-0919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2009 Messenger-Inquirer


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          December 29, 2010 Wednesday

Mandan native loves to fiddle

BYLINE: DANIELLE REBEL Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 624 words


Commitment isn't for everyone, but for Preston Schmidt it's as easy as
breathing.

Schmidt, a graduate of Middle Tennessee State University in Mufreesboro, Tenn.,
has been fiddling since the age of 3. The Mandan native plans to make his love
of fiddling part of his career.

"It's always something I've wanted to do,"Schmidt said.

Schmidt now lives in Tennessee and is pursuing a career in music.

When he was younger, Schmidt had a toy guitar. Instead of pretending to be a
rock star, he would pick up a stick from the backyard, tuck his guitar under his
chin and pretend to fiddle.

Both his parents and the country music he listened to on car rides influenced
him to find his calling.

"My parents always told me that the first thing I always did was point out the
fiddle (part) in country music," Schmidt said.

Realizing that their son was serious about wanting to fiddle at such a young
age, Schmidt's parents, Mark and Charlotte, purchased a fiddle for him. He
started lessons at the Suzuki School of Music in Bismarck, playing classical
pieces, and eventually traveled to statewide and regional competitions, playing
bluegrass style music.

Schmidt has done well at the competitions. He has been named the state Fiddle
Champion in North Dakota, Minnesota, Montana and Wyoming. He also placed third
in the junior division at the 2003 National Old-time Fiddler's Contest in
Weiser, Idaho, shutting out close to 90 others.

Schmidt has had many helpful teachers. Perhaps the most influential on his
choice of bluegrass-style music were Dick and Lisa Barrett.

"They kinda got me going more towards the country swing, Texas-style
swing,"Schmidt said. "They're the ones who really kinda helped me ... take the
music and grasp it and take it to where I really wanted to go (with it)."

In September 2008, Schmidt met the members of bluegrass gospel group New Road -
Randall Massengill, Mike Ramsey and Stuart Wyrick. They asked him to join them
for a fiddling competition, and to their surprise, they won. From that point,
Schmidt was a part of a new group - Brand New Strings.

The bluegrass group has won many competitions and has released a record from
Rural Rhythm Records, the record label in California to which it is signed.

Brand New Strings was up for Emerging Artist of the Year in 2010. Although they
did not receive the award, they can be nominated again next year. Brand New
Strings also attends events held by the International Bluegrass Music
Association in Nashville, Tenn.

"Artist showcases, workshops ... all the little things you'd need to know in a
band and make yourself prosper," Schmidt said.

The band keeps busy. Between attending events, competitions, and recording,
members of Brand New Strings also find time to write their own music. Other
members of the group compose the majority of the music they perform, but Schmidt
also helps.

"I've written a couple instrumentals that we're doing," Schmidt said.

While the group performs "bluegrass standards" in addition to its own
compositions, Schmidt admits that sometimes it's fun to switch things up.

"You kinda get sick of playing the same stuff over and over again, so I try to
do new things (every time we're performing),"Schmidt said.

With members of Brand New Strings living in different cities throughout
Tennessee, finding time to practice their music is difficult.

"It's actually kinda funny. We don't actually practice a lot,"Schmidt said.
"Most of the time we practice is when we're traveling."

Even without much time to practice together, the group has still managed to
prosper, and fiddling continues to be something Schmidt loves.

"It's always fun to just play," he said.

(Danielle Rebel is a senior at Bismarck High School. She can be reached at
250-8260 or danielle.rebel@bismarcktribune.com)

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           September 11, 2016 Sunday

Banjo and Fiddle returns to chase clouds away (VIDEO)

BYLINE: By Prudence Brighton, Sun Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 519 words


LOWELL -- Soaking humidity and a brief cloudburst failed to dampen the
enthusiasm Saturday afternoon for the 36th annual Banjo and Fiddle Contest,
sponsored by the Lowell National Historic Park.

More than 60 musicians registered for this year's event after an unofficial
hiatus last year. Alex Demas, a now-retired park ranger, created the contest and
ran it for many years. Another park ranger took up the baton, but left after a
couple of years.

According to John Reddick, one of the organizers of this year's event, about 20
musicians met informally last year at Boarding House Park to keep the tradition
going.

Reddick and others met with the Park Service starting in April to get this
year's event going. "The Park Service needed someone with the musical background
to put this together," Reddick explained.

Reddick said the Lowell event is a great favorite of the region's traditional
music performers. They spend summers traveling to folk and bluegrass events.
When September comes, they look forward to coming to Lowell for the impromptu
jam sessions and competition.

Performers came from throughout New England to play the traditional music of
America. Contestants could choose to play a solo number on the instruments or to
play in a duets featuring both instruments. Contest categories included old time
fiddle, old time banjo, bluegrass fiddle, bluegrass banjo, ethnic fiddle, twin
fiddle, banjo and fiddle, and youth.

John Gersh, of WUMB folk radio and emcee for the day, noting the youth category
asked what happened to the senior category. Although without a category of their
own, seniors were well represented.

Marie Rawlings, a nonagenarian, returned to the area last week after several
years in Sarasota, Florida. Rawlings, who was active for many years in the
Greater Lowell musical scene as a violinist and fiddler, sad there was not
enough music there to suit her tastes.

She picked up her fiddle as the afternoon's third contestant to play the
haunting Civil War tune "Ashokan Farewell."

One of the younger contestants, Quent Eastbourne of Arlington, soon followed. He
played fiddle to "Blue Ridge Mountain Blues" accompanied by his father Chris on
banjo and vocal.

Gersh said contestants were at "all points in their careers." Robin Demetrius of
Amherst was making her debut and was nervous about the performance. She was
reassured at the registration desk that this event was the perfect place to
debut because crowds are welcoming and supportive. She received a solid round of
applause for her work in the ethnic fiddle category.

Traditional music scene regulars Jerry Dallal and Linda Henry gave a banjo and
fiddle performance of the American folk tune "St. James Infirmary Blues" made
famous by Louis Armstrong in a 1928 recording. Dallal and Henry used the Cab
Calloway arrangement.

The number of performers this year was down from the years before the hiatus.
The event had attracted 80 performers in the past. And the crowd was a little
thinner, but hard to estimate because attendees came and went. Those who stayed
through the brief rainstorm were rewarded as the sun broke through the clouds.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Some of the Banjo and Fiddle Contest winners jam on the Boarding House
Park stage after the awards presentation Saturday afternoon. From left are
Rebecca Weiss of Bethesda, Md., a junior at Brandeis University, Mike Roguska of
Ashland, Leland Martin of Walpole and Linda Henry of Arlington.SUN / JULIA
MALAKIE
Some of the Banjo and Fiddle Contest winners jam on the Boarding House Park
stage after the awards presentation Saturday afternoon. From left are Rebecca
Weiss of Bethesda, Md., a junior at Brandeis University, Mike Roguska of
Ashland, Leland Martin of Walpole and Linda Henry of Arlington.SUN / JULIA
MALAKIE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                              June 29, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Alaskan fiddling poet at Eno;
'Writer and talker who can play fiddle' has academic, musical roots in area

BYLINE: Dawn Baumgartner Vaughan dvaughan@heraldsun.com; 419-6563

SECTION: TRIANGLE LIVE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 1581  words


Alaskan fiddling poet. Three words you don't often hear together. Let's add some
more. Duke graduate, writing, traveling Alaskan fiddling poet who taught tennis
in Chapel Hill and bought his first fiddle, used, in Durham. Surely, there is
but one Ken Waldman, Alaska's fiddling poet.

There's more than one chance to catch him on stage at the Festival for the Eno,
to be held Wednesday and continuing July 7 and 8. The 28th annual festival is
held on the Fourth of July and the weekend after for a total of three days of
music, crafts, food and fun along the banks of the Eno River at the West Point
on the Eno Durham City Park.

Waldman will perform at the beginning and end of Saturday's festival, and maybe
more. There are more than 100 performers on five stages at the festival. Waldman
plays for both young and adult audiences. He has several CDs out, like the
children's album "Fiddling Poets on Parade," the two-disc "All Originals, All
Traditionals" that has one CD of original instrumentals and another of
traditional songs with his original poems spoken over them, and "As the World
Burns," poetic commentary on George W. Bush.

The Alaskan fiddling poet has been traveling and fiddling full-time since 1994
and has played in festivals, schools, libraries and other venues across the
country. He's currently on the Southern leg of a tour that included stops in
Tennessee, Georgia and South Carolina. It's been about four years since Waldman
has performed in this area, and longer than that since his last time in Durham.

'Chapel Hill townie'

It was 1973 when the Philadelphia native first came to the Bull City as a Duke
University student. He didn't pay much attention to the world outside college
life, and after graduating with a bachelor's degree in management science in
1977, headed north to Boston, where he taught tennis for a living. A year or so
later, he started a circuitous route West, with a pit stop on a Durham friend's
couch.

The pit stop became permanent, and he moved into a house in Carrboro with
musician roommates, then later lived in Hillsborough. Waldman described his life
then as a "Chapel Hill townie," teaching tennis again, waiting tables and
working in a bookstore. His roommates hosted parties with old time and bluegrass
musicians. They went to see Red Clay Ramblers at the old Cat's Cradle.

One day a friend of a friend came by his place selling an old fiddle for $100.
Waldman bought it. He didn't play, but being around a banjo-playing roommate and
other musicians, picked it up casually.

That was 1980. That same fiddle goes where Waldman goes. He travels with two
fiddles, the other one bought at a Chapel Hill music store in the mid-1980s,
about the time he left the area again, this time for good. In 1984, Waldman felt
the need to leave, to drive somewhere. He thought he'd end up in New Mexico or
California, but life diverted his path again. Instead he stayed in Seattle for a
year and started writing short stories. He applied to a creative writing
master's program at the University of Alaska-Fairbanks and moved north.

Writer and fiddler

Waldman lived alone in a cabin and turned to his old fiddle buddy. His short
stories -- and eventually, poetry -- were about learning to play the fiddle.
After earning his MFA, he taught tennis again, outside during Fairbanks summers
and indoors in Juneau. He became a University of Alaska writing professor. When
he gave public readings, since many of his poems were about the fiddle, he'd
bring his fiddle and play a tune after reading a poem. Soon the two were
intertwined.

He has several published poetry collections and more in the works. He also wrote
a memoir last year about his poetic fiddling travels. That, along with two
children's books and a short story collection, are among nine books waiting for
a publisher.

"I'm a writer and a talker who can play the fiddle," he said.

Waldman's CDs include both poems accompanied by fiddles as well as
instrumentals. On stage, he'll rest his fiddle while reciting over another's
fiddle or banjo. At the Festival for the Eno, Waldman will perform along with
local group the Stillhouse Bottom Band. He played with a band member recently in
Lenoir. Just about everywhere Waldman goes, he has an old time music cohort to
share the stage with -- in places like Texas, Georgia, New York, Chicago,
Minnesota and Wisconsin.

Traveling lets him see different places and meet different people in the East,
West, urban and country settings.

"People are the same everywhere and kind of squirrelly everywhere," he said.
Waldman also gets to continue to teach, but from the stage rather than a
classroom. Many of his tour stops are part of libraries' summer reading
programs. "Kids really like fiddle music, they just don't usually hear it in
their daily lives," he said.

Performing at the Festival for the Eno will be a homecoming for Waldman, he
said. In more than one way: He'll be back in Durham, back in the area where he
began to fiddle and where he bought both the fiddles that travel with him. And
he'll be back at the festival, which he attended in the early 1980s. Back then,
he said, he knew there were great parties afterward. Probably still are.

Go and Do

WHAT: Festival for the Eno

WHERE: West Point on the Eno Durham City Park

WHEN: 10 a.m.-6 p.m. July 4, July 7, July 8

COST: $13 adults, free to children under 12 and seniors. $10 in advance.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Free parking at Durham County Stadium, 2700 N. Duke St.,
with shuttles to festival.

More than 100 performers, tours, demonstrations, storytelling, workshops,
exhibits, readings, 85 craft artists, food. All earnings go toward land
preservation in the Eno River Basin. For more information, visit
www.enoriver.org or call (919) 477-4549.

FESTIVAL SCHEDULE

WEDNESDAY, JULY 4

Grove Stage

10 a.m.: Common Woman Chorus

10:45 a.m.: Eric Sommer

11:30 a.m.: Jamie Anderson

12:15 p.m.: Bearfoot Bluegrass

1:15 p.m.: George Higgs

2 p.m.: Lightnin' Wells

2:45 p.m.: John Dee Holeman

3:30 p.m.: Peggy Seeger

4:30 p.m.: Little Windows

5:15 p.m.: Peter Siegel Trio

Meadow Stage

10 a.m.: Greg Taylor

10:45 a.m.: Sweet By & By

12 p.m.: Peggy Seeger

1 p.m.: Jonathan Byrd Band

2 p.m.: ERA Presentation

2:15 p.m.: African American Dance Ensemble

3:45 p.m.: Allen Boys

4:45 p.m.: Yawo

River Stage

10 a.m.: Mary Rocap

10:45 a.m.: Miss Connie B

11:30 a.m.: Little Windows

12:30 p.m.: Baron Von Rumblebuss and Redd Zeppelin

1:15 p.m.: The Reese Project

2:15 p.m.: Gravy Boys

3 p.m.: Peter Siegel Trio

3:45 p.m.: Bearfoot Bluegrass Camp Recital

4:15 p.m.: Bearfoot Bluegrass

5 p.m.: Jonathan Byrd Band

Chimney Corner

11:30 a.m.: N.C. Songwriters (Scott Pearce, Michael Troy, Miles & Letha Costin)

12:45 p.m.: Mary Rocap

1:30 p.m.: Eric Sommer

2:30 p.m.: Jamie Anderson

3:15 p.m.: Sweet By & By

4 p.m.: Miss Connie B

5 p.m.: Gravy Boys

Otter Stage

11 a.m.: Mickey Le Pew

11:45 a.m.: Jubal's Jubilee

12:30 p.m.: Lightnin' Wells

1:15 p.m.: Peter Siegel

2 p.m.: Pokeeto

2:30 p.m.: Louise Omoto Kessel

3 p.m.: Baron Von Rumblebuss and Redd Zeppelin

3:45 p.m.: Mary Rocap

4:30 p.m.: Greg Taylor

SATURDAY, JULY 7

Grove Stage

10 a.m.: Ken Waldman

11 a.m.: Apple Chill Cloggers

11:45 a.m.: Peter Siegel Trio

12:45 p.m.: Craver, Watson, Hicks and Newberry

1:45 p.m.: Jon Shain Trio

2:45 p.m.: Rev. Billy C. Wirtz

3:45 p.m.: The Samuel OBie Company

4:45 p.m.: Greg Klyma

Meadow Stage

10 a.m.: Tracy Simon Feldmon

10:45 a.m.: Pat Wictor

11:45 a.m.: Sons of New Bethel

12:30 p.m.: Mark Weems and the Cave Dwellers

1:30 p.m.: Doc Branch Band

2:15 p.m.: Stillhouse Bottom Band

3 p.m.: Craver, Watson, Hicks and Newberry

4 p.m.: Polecat Creek

5 p.m.: Rev. Billy C. Wirtz

River Stage

10 a.m.: Bellavoci

11 a.m.: Alexander Drive

12 p.m.: Moonshine Racers

12:45 p.m.: Apple Chill Cloggers

1:45 p.m.: Three Graces Entertainment

2:30 p.m.: Peter Siegel Trio

3:15 p.m.: Pat Wictor

4 p.m.: Pierce Pettis

5 p.m.: Ken Waldman

Chimney Corner

11:45 a.m.: NC Songwriters (Aaron Burdett, Molly Slone, Rob Bodle)

12:45 p.m.: Pierce Pettis

1:30 p.m.: Pat Wictor

2:15 p.m.: Polecat Creek

3:00 p.m.: Right Turn Clydes

3:45 p.m.: Doc Branch Band

4:30 p.m.: Moonshine Racers

Otter Stage

11:15 a.m.: Sandbox Band

12 p.m.: Jim Alberti

12:30 p.m.: Sandbox Band

1:15 p.m.: Bill Phillips

1:45 p.m.: Jim Alberti

2:15 p.m.: Pokeeto

2:45 p.m.: Ken Waldman

3:30 p.m.: Common Ground Theatre

4 p.m.: Jim Alberti

4:30 p.m.: Peter Siegel Trio

SUNDAY, JULY 8

Grove Stage

10 a.m.: After Thought

10:45 a.m.: Bill PhillipsFriends

11:30 a.m.: Bruce Piephoff

12:15 p.m.: Pratie Heads

1 p.m.: John McCutcheon

2 p.m.: Girlyman

3 p.m.: Nina Violet and her Invisible Orchestra

4 p.m.: Jemima James

5 p.m.: TROSA Music Ensemble

Meadow Stage

10 a.m.: Tracy Simon Feldman

10:45 a.m.: Cane Creek Cloggers

11:30 a.m.: Big Fat Gap

12:15 p.m.: Girlyman

1:15 p.m.: Might Gospel Inspirations

2:15 p.m.: The Grandsons

3:15 p.m.: John McCutcheon

4:15 p.m.: Open Air Dance Company

4:45 p.m.: The Never

River Stage

10 a.m.: Freylach Time

11 a.m.: Belly Revelations

11:45 a.m.: Nina Violet and her Invisible Orchestra

12:30 p.m.: Cane Creek Cloggers

1:30 p.m.: Phil Lee

2:30 p.m.: Jimmy Magoo

3:15 p.m.: Midtown Dickens

4 p.m.: Greg Klyma

5 p.m.: Killer Filler

Chimney Corner

11:45 a.m.: NC Songwriters (Chuck Champion, Valorie Miller, Jamie Purrell)

12:45 p.m.: Bill Phillips

1:30 p.m.: Midtown Dickens

2:15 p.m.: Big Fat Gap

3:15 p.m.: Lucy Sumner

4:15 p.m.: Bruce Piephoff

5 p.m.: Jon Batson

Otter Stage

11:15 a.m.: Jon Batson

12 p.m.: Jim Alberti

12:30 p.m.: Ken Waldman

1:15 p.m.: Jim Alberti

1:45 p.m.: Jef

2:15 p.m.: Bill Phillips

2:45 p.m.: Jim Alberti

3:15 p.m.: Common Ground Theatre

4 p.m.: Jubal's Jubilee

4:45 p.m.: Jimmy Magoo

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy Ken Waldman Fiddler and storyteller Ken Waldman will perform
during the 2007 Festival for the Eno. The festival will be held Wednesday and
continue July 7 and 8. The Herald-Sun | file photo by Christine T. Nguyen A
crowd enjoys Lightnin' Wells at the Grove Stage during the 2006 Festival for the
Eno. The Herald-Sun | file photo by Bernard Thomas Folk-pop singer Dar Williams
performs at the Festival for the Eno in 2006.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Durham Herald Co.


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                           January 15, 2011 Saturday

Pasadena middle school alive with the sound of fiddles

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 125 words


More than 100 young violin, viola and cello students from all over the Los
Angeles area got some lessons in country fiddle-playing Saturday morning at
Wilson Middle School in Pasadena during "Suzuki Fiddle Fest 2011." The children
learned how to combine their classical `Suzuki' training with old-fashioned
American fiddle playing. They got some help from a couple of pros - fiddler
Pattie Hopkins of North Carolina, who has played with The Oak Ridge Boys and the
Charlie Daniels Band, and Pamela Wiley of South Carolina, a longtime Suzuki
teacher.

After instructional classes in the morning, Square Dance caller Dale Hoppers
showed the students how to put their feet to the fiddle music.

A concert performance of fiddle and classical music ended the day.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kids from 3-17 years-old play along with over a hundred students as
they combine their classical "Suzuki" training with old-fashioned American
fiddle playing for a concert with fiddler Pattie Hopkins of North Carolina and
instructor Pamela Wiley of South Carolina during the Suziki Fiddle Fest at
Wilson High School on Saturday, January 15, 2011, in Pasadena.(SGVN/Staff Photo
by Keith Birmingham)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

FIDDLE CHAMPION TONY LUDIKER DIES

BYLINE: Staff report

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 361 words


Fiddle champion Tony Ludiker dies

National fiddle champion Tony Ludiker dies

Spokane Valley music legend fought long cancer battle

Five-time national fiddle champion Tony Ludiker, a classically trained Spokane
Valley music legend who toured internationally, has died following a lengthy
battle with kidney cancer. He was 52.

Ludiker's death Tuesday night in Spokane was announced by his daughter, Kimber,
a founding member of the Grammy-nominated bluegrass band Della Mae.

"Tough day for our family, friends, and the fiddle world in whole," she said in
a Facebook posting shortly before 11 p.m. "Dad lost his battle to cancer this
evening. He went peacefully surrounded by family while listening to Benny
Thomasson play 'Sally Goodin.' More info to follow. Been a hard day."

Ludiker, a 1980 graduate of Central Valley High School, played and taught fiddle
in Spokane for decades and was a regular performer at the Flying W Ranch in
Colorado Springs, Colorado, for six years before the venue was destroyed by
wildfire in 2012.

In addition to teaching and touring, Ludiker was an accomplished classical
musician who served as concertmaster for the Coeur d'Alene Symphony a decade
ago. He also performed with British rocker Rod Stewart and country singer Ray
Price.

Ludiker, who had been living in Colorado Springs in recent years, had beat
cancer once, but learned in 2012 that it had returned.

This past August he started a Facebook page detailing his ongoing treatments and
on Nov. 21 posted this to his personal page: "Huge change. Leaving Colorado
tonight for Spokane to die soon - unless something happens on the alternative
front. My days are bad and getting worse."

Last year, friends and family organized a benefit fundraiser for him to help
with escalating medical bills. His daughter's band headlined the sold-out event,
which drew scores of his former students.

"I feel very fortunate," he said in an interview with The Spokesman-Review in
2013. "I've been involved in fiddling for 40 years. Until a few years ago it was
basically in Spokane. I've been so involved in it and trained so many people.
... They are all friends and feel like family."

TYPE: Obituary

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The News Courier (Athens, Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 11, 2011 Tuesday

Delta musician fiddles off with convention's top title

BYLINE: Lora Scripps, The News Courier, Athens, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 763 words


Oct. 11--Alabama fiddler Johnny Ray Watts did more than fiddle around at the
45th annual Tennessee Valley Old Time Fiddlers Convention at Athens State
University Saturday. The Delta native collected this year's Fiddle' King trophy
and the $1,000 grand prize that came with it.

Watts, the junior division winner, took the title by winning a traditional
fiddle-off, which pits the top fiddlers in the junior and senior divisions. Roy
Crawford of Cullman finished runner-up.

More than 15,000 spectators were at the convention sponsored by Athens State
University Foundation and Greater Limestone Chamber of Commerce. The Fiddlers
Convention has contributed more than $500,000 to Athens State to fund student
scholarships and university projects.

Here is a complete list of winners from the two-day music competition:

Harmonica

First, Isaac Vick, Lyels, Tenn.; second Robert "Bambo Bob" Perdue, Luverne;
third, Jim Owens, Deatsville; fourth, Tommy Bounds, Sylacauga; fifth, Ken
Tenpenny, Murfreesboro, Tenn.

Mandolin

First, Joel Whittinghill, Bowling Green, Ky.; second, Tyler Andal, White House,
Tenn.; third, Bobby Nobley, La Grange, Ga.; fourth, Rob Pearcy, Smyrna, Tenn.;
fifth, David Akins, Fort Payne.

Bluegrass Banjo

First, Weston Stewart, Anderson; second, Jody Hughes, Canton, Ga.; third, Allen
Watkins, Hartselle; fourth, Joey Gibson, Manchester, Tenn.; fifth, Sarah Ward,
Columbia, Tenn.

Dobro

First, Damion Kidd, Elkmont; second, Rob Pearcy, Smyrna, Tenn.; third, Jackie
Wilson, Athens; fourth Steven Smiley, Harvest; fifth, Tony Mims Jr., Elkmont.

Dulcimer

First, Bobby Nobley, La Grange, Ga.; second, Rob Pearcy, Smyrna, Tenn.; third,
Tommy Bounds, Sylacauga; fourth, Homer Osborne, Harvest; fifth, Tyler Andal,
White House, Tenn.

Old-time Singing

First, Charlie Hunter and Duncan Blair, Birmingham; second, Jack Horner and Anna
Pennesi, Franklin, Tenn.; third, Ray Rogers, Lynchburg, Tenn.; fourth, Brittany
Cash, Danville; fifth, Frannie and Cara DiGiovanni, Greenbrier, Tenn.

Beginning Fiddler (age 10 and under)

First, Matthew Lin, Lexington, Ky.; second, Jaelee Roberts, Murfreesboro, Tenn.;
third, Benjamin Lin, Lexington, Ky.; fourth, Elijah Miller, Hanceville; fifth,
Christina Joneikis, Shreve, Ohio.

Guitar -- Finger Picking

First, Jerry Miller, Athens; second, Chris Casbarro, Young Harrig, Ga.; third,
Patrick Lowery, Brewton; fourth, Kin Hinkle, Madison.

Old-time Banjo

First, Jim Holland, Athens; second, Van Burchfield, Nashville, Tenn.; third,
Thomas Hale, Andalusia; fourth, Charlie Hunter, Birmingham; fifth, Laura Vines,
Homewood.

Guitar -- Flat Picking

First, Rob Pearcy, Smyrna, Tenn.; second, Joel Whittinghill, Bowling Green, Ky.;
third, Jesse Turner, Logan; fourth, Aaron Clegg, Monroe, Ga.; fifth, Adam
Chouning, Greenbrier, Tenn.

Beginning Fiddler (ages 11-15)

First, Samantha Cunningham, Versailles, Ky.; second, Caleb Bryant, Northport;
third, Kelly Hagan, Nicholasville, Ky.; fourth, Emma DeJarnette, Snellville,
Ga.; fifth, Lauren Clardy, Flintville, Tenn.

Senior Fiddler

First, Roy Crawford, Cullman; second, Wayne Jerrolds, Savannah, Tenn.; third,
Chuck Reeves, Oakman; fourth, Edward Cosner, Portage, Ind.; fifth, Tony Haley,
Mt. Juliet, Tenn.

Classic Old-time Fiddler

First, Jim Holland, Athens; second, Bill J. Birchfield, Roan Mountain, Tenn.;
third, Mick Kinney, Pine Lake, Ga.; fourth, Scott Miller, Hanceville; fifth,
Charlie Hunter, Birmingham.

Bluegrass Band

First, Breaking Grass, Booneville, Miss.; second, Free Indeed, Decatur; third,
The Bluegrass Express, Franklin, Tenn.; fourth, Hickory Hollow; fifth, Cadillac
Creek, Roanoke.

Junior Fiddler

First, Johnny Ray Watts, Delta; second, Joel Whittinghill, Bowling Green, Ky.;
third, Adam French, Leitchfield, Ky.; fourth, Bethany Breakall, Berea, Ky.;
fifth, Tyler Andal, White House, Tenn.

Old-time Band

First, Georgia Crackers, Alpharetta, Ga.; second, Hogslop String Band,
Nashville, Tenn.; third, Roan Mountain Hilltoppers, Roan Mountain, Tenn.;
fourth, Chigger Ridge, Hanceville; fifth, Flying Jenny, Birmingham.

Buck Dancing (age 15 and under)

First, Alysa Matheny, Fairview, Tenn.; second, Jaelee Roberts, Murfreesboro,
Tenn.; third, Brianne Hargrove, Athens; fourth, Devan Sharp, Loretto, Tenn.;
fifth, Myleigh Campbell, Nashville, Tenn.

Buck Dancing (age 16 and over)

First, Jay Bland, Kennesaw, Ga.; second, Matthew Campbell, Murfreesboro, Tenn.;
third, Danny Campbell, Murfreesboro, Tenn.; fourth, Palmer Osborne, Hartselle;
fifth, Tommy Jackson, Franklin, Tenn.

___ (c)2011 The News Courier (Athens, Ala.) Visit The News Courier (Athens,
Ala.) at enewscourier.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111011-XN-Delta-musician-fiddles
-off-with-convention-s-top-title-1011-20111011

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XN


                        Copyright 2011 The News Courier


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                  May 5, 2003

Fiddle Maestro Praises Young Talent

SECTION: News; Ents; Music; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1122 words


He Is a man who has enjoyed a love affair with music virtually all his life,
having been destined to be a great fiddle player from his boyhood days. And if a
time should come when Angus Grant's ability to play a tune is taken from him, it
would surely destroy the very essence of his being.

In much the same way as any man talking about a great amour, Mr Grant, 71, is
visibly filled with emotion when asked to put into words why his music means so
much to him.

Lochaber's famous left-handed fiddler, who spent his working life in the great
outdoors and continues to spend most of his spare time on his music, speaks from
the heart when he answers: "It is one of the greatest sweeteners of life.

"I have often had long, hard days on the hill, been tired and come back and
picked up the fiddle and it took you into another world.

"The fiddle, particularly, is something that is with you in joy and sorrow, you
can express both joy and sorrow. I would say that the fiddle is my best friend."
His first-class fiddle playing, of traditional West Highland favourites plus his
own compositions, continues to wow audiences and brought him unrivalled success
in the competition circuit in his younger days.

Angus Grant was born to play the fiddle. How else could a man who is completely
self-taught, progress to score an amazing hat-trick - which is unbeaten to this
day - by winning the Charles Sutherland Cup for fiddle playing, at the National
Mod, three years in succession?  He chose to quit the competition scene while he
was ahead. And those heady days of the Mod and an era which saw him win a host
of other fiddle championships, including the prestigious Tom Anderson Cup at the
Traditional Music and Song Association of Scotland's fiddle contest two years
running, may now be in the past.

But Mr Grant's amazing musical talent continues to find him in constant demand
at music schools and functions all over the world.

He has played at festivals in Norway, Holland and Brittany, and at fiddle camps
in California.

He was even one of a select group of international musicians honoured with an
invitation to play at the bicentenary of America, in Washington DC in 1976,
where he was presented to the Queen and Prince Philip.

In August he will head for Boston, US, where he has been asked to try and pass
on some of his talent at a fiddle workshop.

Back home, in Scotland, this year will also see his 25th annual visit to
Stirling, as a tutor at a fiddle school which was established by the late great
Shetland fiddler, Tom Anderson.

"They are having a 25th reunion in July and I am one of only two original tutors
left.

"Back in the early years of the school there were people coming over from
America, Japan, Norway and Holland, and I have been friends with some of them
for 25 years." At the weekend he was in Ullapool, playing alongside his famous
namesake, Angus Grant jun, his 36-year-old son who is a fiddler with the
successful band Shooglenifty.

Like father, like son they say and in this case, it's true. Angus jun who has
just returned from playing with Shooglenifty in Australia and New Zealand, was
also able to play a tune on the fiddle virtually as soon as he picked up the
instrument.

MR GRANT is deeply proud of his family which comprises wife Moira and their
three children. The couple's younger daughter Fiona, like her dad and brother,
is a gifted fiddle player while his older daughter, Deirdre, is a talented
piper.

He grew up in the midst of a talented musical family in Fort Augustus, where his
father worked for Glendoe Estate and he commented: "It's in the genes." He
added: "My father was great for Gaelic songs and pipes, and fiddle music,
although I never remember him actually playing the fiddle.

"When my father died, they said that he took 500 years of songs to the grave,
because no-one had recorded them.

"My uncle, Archie Grant, was a well known fiddle player and piper in Glengarry.
He was the first great influence on me as a fiddler, he had a great old Highland
style of playing." It was uncle Archie who gave him his first fiddle, but he
said: "I never got taught the fiddle at all, I just picked up the fiddle and
played. I still have the fiddle he gave me and I have played it in village halls
and castles." As a young man, while working as a shepherd at Inverailort Estate,
he met up with Farquhar MacRae, the great Moidart fiddle player, and the pair
played for many years in the Roshven Ceilidh Band.

Back in his teenage days he got in some regular practice by playing with local
Fort Augustus musicians Peter MacDonald and Archie MacNaughton.

Mr Grant, who now lives in Lochyside, Fort William, said: "Back in the early
days the only outlet for your music was playing at dances and weddings and
ceilidhs.

"There were no festivals, as there are now, and no one would be seen playing in
a pub. You kept the music alive by the love of the music." NOW, with a strong
revival in Gaelic culture and music, he is confident that there is a talented
younger generation of fiddle players coming to the fore in the north of
Scotland.

He said: "I don't think it's ever been at a stronger point. It's tremendous.

"Although for the past few years we have lost such great fiddlers as Tom
Anderson, Hector MacAndrew, Willie Hunter, Ron Gonella, Bob Hobkirk and Tommy
Hughes, we have got this younger generation of great young players coming up.

"In Caithness there is Gordon Gunn and Karen Stevens, Jennifer Wrigley from
Orkney, Trevor Hunter and Chris Stout from Shetland, Paul Anderson from Tarland,
Aberdeenshire, Carmen Higgins from Aberdeen and Eilidh Shaw from Taynuilt, who
are keeping the tradition going to the highest standards." Mr Grant is an ardent
supporter of the Gaelic feis movement and has helped by passing on his skills to
youngsters all over the Highlands.

He said: "All the festivals are great and with all the videos and tapes now you
have a chance to hear music from all over the world.

"Some of our young players are into fancy stuff and jazzy stuff, but we
shouldn't forget our own roots." After all his musical achievements and
successes, he revealed that he still has one ambition to fulfil.

He said: "I learnt a lot about fiddle making from my late friend, the famous
Donald Riddell, of South Clunes, above Inverness.

"He was a fiddle maker, teacher, composer and he did such great work in the
Inverness area.

"I have repaired fiddles and bows for nearly 30 years, I started because nobody
else was doing them, and I would now like to make a fiddle." "The fiddle,
particularly, is something that is with you in joy and sorrow, you can express
both joy and sorrow. I would say that the fiddle is my best friend"

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2003 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Original Irregular (Kingfield, Maine)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 25, 2015

Mari Black to perform in Farmington & Mexico;
New England Celtic Arts

BYLINE: The Original Irregular staff

LENGTH: 469  words


New England Celtic Arts will present the current reigning Glenfiddich Scottish
and Canadian Maritime fiddle champion Mari Black and her trio at the Mexico
Maine Congregational Church Wednesday, March 4 and at North Church in Farmington
for the Farmington Historical Society Thursday, March 5. Both concerts start at
7 p.m. A jam session begins at 6:15 in both locations. Audience members are
encouraged to bring their musical instruments to the jam sessions.

An internationally-recognized performer, Black is equally at home in a wide
variety of musical traditions, including Celtic, Canadian and American fiddling,
jazz, tango, klezmer, folk and more. She has been featured at Celtic Highland
Games, Argentine tango festivals, folk festivals, jazz concert series, and
world-famous classical concert venues including Carnegie Hall. Black has
appeared with such diverse artists as Irish fiddle champion Liz Carroll,
Americana master Mark O'Connor and jazzman Willie Ruff. Her music has been heard
on the BBC Radio Scotland's "Take the Floor", Fox and CBS morning news, NPR's
"Here and Now," and WGBH Radio's "A Celtic Sojourn."

While her shows combine selections from different genres and original pieces
with diverse stylistic influences, Black has also proven herself a master of
many distinctive musical traditions in their pure form. She is the reigning
Glenfiddich Scottish Fiddle Champion and Canadian Maritime Fiddle Champion, the
2013 U.S. National Scottish Fiddle Champion, the 2012 Canadian Maritime Fiddle
Champion, the 2011 Canadian Open Novelty Champion, a 1st prize winner at the
2010 American Protege International Piano and Strings Competition, and a
two-time winner at the American String Teachers Association Alternative Styles
Awards.

Black's recent performing career includes acclaimed perfonmances at the Austin
Celtic Festival (Austin, Texas)), the Yachats Celtic Festival (Yachats, Ore.),
the Saltwaiter Celtic Festival (Portland, Maine), the San Diego Folk Heritage
Society (San Diego, Calif), The Burrem Backroom Series with Brian O'Donovan
(Boston, Mass.), the International Festival del Accordion (Belo Horizonte,
Brazil), Club Passim (Boston, Mass.) and more. She has been featured as a
concert soloist with many New England orchestras including the New England
String Ensemble and the Boston Virtuosi.

No matter how big or small the show, Black's passion for sharing diverse music
and the stories behind it continues to inspire every audience she connects with.
She will be traveling with her full trio

The Mexico Congregational Church is at 163 Main Street in Mexico. For
reservations, call 562-4445.

North Church is located at 118 High Street in Farmington. For reservations, call
778-2006.

Concert ticket price is $15 at both locations. More info is available at
http://www.necelticarts.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORI

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 The Original Irregular


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 13, 2014 Monday

Annual Perrysburg music festival draws hundreds to fiddle around

BYLINE: Matt Thompson, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 521 words


Jan. 13--Musicians strumming bluegrass tunes on banjos, fiddles, large bass
fiddles, and guitars led to clapping, hooting, and hollering over the weekend at
the Holiday Inn French Quarter in Perrysburg.

It's a typical response for the Winterfest Bluegrass and Super Class festival,
which has been held locally in early January every year since 1990. While the
music brings people in, the people and friends keep them coming back, according
to many who participate or attend the event.

That "family" includes band members from Canada, Michigan, West Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia.

"The common denominator for everyone here is music, but the fellowship side and
social side -- it is like a family reunion every year," said Charlie Patton, who
has been the festival's emcee for 23 years. "It is a heartfelt feeling knowing
the people; the music is heartfelt too."

Each of the 10 bands performed two hour-long shows for one of the two days. The
festival went from 1 p.m. to about 11:30 p.m. both Friday and Saturday.

The headline performer was Rhonda Vincent and The Rage out of Nashville. Ms.
Vincent is an International Bluegrass Music Association six-time winner of the
Female Vocalist of the Year.

Bill Monroe, the "Father of Bluegrass," performed in the festival's first year
in 1990.

Larry Efaw of Akron has been the event director for the last five years but also
has performed in it every year.

Saturday he took the stage as the lead singer of the Bluegrass Mountaineers --
also from Akron.

"The crowd here is very lively and appreciative, it makes it enjoyable and good
sound," he said. "When I book bands I'm proud to see people following them out
to talk, buy their stuff, get autographs, ask when they'll be back.

"That does me good."

The festival usually sells out of its 500 tickets each day, and this year 299
hotel rooms were booked too, organizers said.

Mr. Efaw and Mr. Patton said the group is one big family. One year in the late
1990s the festival moved to a hotel in Toledo, but Mr. Patton said everyone was
"homesick" and they have had it at the French Quarter ever since.

"I still went to it," said Gloria King, director of catering at the French
Quarter. "I stayed in the back since I was at another hotel."

Stacy Wilcox and his wife, Becky, said they met at the festival 11 years ago.
Mr. Wilcox was playing in the David Parmely and Continental Divide band from
Kentucky, and Ms. Wilcox had gone to the festival since she was 5 years old.

The couple have been married for 10 years and have three children -- who all
scream in excitement when they arrive in Perrysburg for the festival from their
home in Akron.

"You can thank bluegrass for it," Ms. Wilcox said of her family. "It is like a
family reunion here, everyone knows everyone."

The 2015 bluegrass festival is already nearly booked with nine bands, and of
course Mr. Patton said he will be back to emcee.

"I leave the festival every year and say to my wife, 'that was the best one,' "
Mr. Patton said.

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140113-TO-Annual-Perrysburg-music-festival-draws-hundreds-to-fiddle
-around-0113-20140113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     August 2, 2002 Friday Michigan Edition

Berrien Springs will be alive with sound of fiddles during fest

BYLINE: By PAUL DODSON; Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: HOME; Pg. C3; WEEKEND

LENGTH: 414 words


BERRIEN SPRINGS -- Traditional fiddle playing, guitar strumming and banjo
picking highlight the third annual Shady Grove Fiddle Fest on Sunday.

Upwards of 100 musicians are expected to compete in the event which will be in
Berrien Springs' Grove Park. The music begins at 10 a.m. and ends at dark,
according to Jan Burda, president of the nonprofit Fiddle Fest organization that
sponsors the show. Admission is free.

Burda said fiddling contests have long been popular on the East Coast and in
Southern states.

"Michigan is one of the few states that have not had major fiddle contests. We
are trying to change that," he said.

Last year, some 600 people attended the Shady Grove Fiddle Fest. Burda said the
word is spreading about the success of last year's show, and he expects about
1,000 people will attend this year.

He said performers are expected from throughout southern Michigan and as far
away as Chicago and Toledo, Ohio. Last year, the age of performers ranged from 6
to 60.

Burda is a musician, music teacher and builder of stringed instruments such as
guitars and banjos. He owns a shop, J. Burda Guitars, in downtown Berrien
Springs that serves as the headquarters for the Fiddle Fest organization, which
he describes as a bunch of local people who like traditional music.

"The store is centered around traditional music so this was a logical starting
point for the organization," he said.

Top prize in the fiddling contest will be $1,000 cash. Burda said the rest of
the prizes remain a bit fuzzy and will depend upon donations and merchandise
gifts the organization can dig up before the show.

Awards also will be presented in two guitar categories, flat picking and finger
picking; and in two categories of banjo playing, old style and bluegrass.

Penny whistle playing also will receive attention and have awards presented.
Burda described a penny whistle as a flutelike instrument often used in
traditional Irish music.

The names of the judges for the various music events will not be revealed.

Burda said a sound-amplifying system will enable the crowd and the sequestered
music judges to hear the performers who will only be identified by numbers
during the competitions.

"The sound will be heard out in the lake (nearby Lake Chapin). You'll be able to
fish and hear music at the same time. What a deal," he said.

Several free workshops will be offered for student musicians.

"We want it to be a family educational event," said Burda.


LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Third annual Shady Grove Fiddle Fest From 10 a.m. to dark Sunday at
Grove Park, Berrien Springs. Admission is free. For more information, call Jan
Burda (616) 471-4111.

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 June 13, 2003

Date For Taransay Fiddle Week

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 350 words


The second annual Taransay traditional fiddle week will be held on the week
beginning July 21.  Taransay is a small uninhabited island off the coast of
Harris, offering deserted beaches, clear-blue waters and beautiful scenery.

The island was the setting for the BBC TV series Castaway, in which cameras
followed volunteers who were castaways on the island for a year.

The accommodation pods have long since gone, but the two houses and the steading
still remain and they will be a base for workshops and other events.

Course participants can also camp outside if they prefer.

As well as workshops there will be a golf championship, football, stepdancing,
historic walks, hillwalking, swimming, piano tuition, fiddle composition
classes, fiddle rhythm classes and Highland piping, as well as lots of informal
sessions.

All students will have the opportunity to attend any class they wish.

New features this year are piano tuition from piano player and accordionist Andy
Thorburn, who has played in Wolfstone, The Ghillies and Blazin Fiddles.

There will also be slow- play classes for traditional fiddle.

The confirmed tutors so far are Pete Cooper, who runs the London Fiddle School,
fiddle champion Patsy Reid from Perthshire, Alistair White from Lewis,
(Battlefield Band), Alan Henderson from Lochaber, (Blazin Fiddles), stepdancer
Alison Macleod from Inverness, and Andy Thorburn from Ross-shire (piano, Blazin
Fiddles).

Fiddle coursework will be of traditional music and will include bowing
techniques, learning by ear, grace notes and such like.

It is hoped to have a ceilidh and dance in Tarbert Hall on Friday, July 25, with
all students and tutors participating.

The fiddle school was a major success last year with more than 40 students
attending from as far afield as California, the US and Australia.

Organisers are hoping that they can repeat this success.

Any fiddlers or piano players interested in attending the course are invited to
apply as soon as possible for a place.

Further details can be found at the website www.musicscotland.com/fiddlers

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2003 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                    Hardanger Fiddle Association of America

                                33 Monument Road
                               Orleans,  MA 02653
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.hfaa.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The HFAA currently serves hundreds of members in the United States, Canada,
Japan, Norway, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. Our recent annual workshops have
attracted the largest number of Hardanger fiddle players gathered in the North
America since the 1920s!  HFAA activities include:   Hosting workshops in fiddle
playing, dance, and fiddle making at the annual HFAA music and dance workshops
and other venues. The HFAA endeavors to bring a master Hardanger fiddle teacher
and dancer(s) from Norway each year to lead the instruction. We encourage
everyone wishing to play the Hardanger fiddle to participate in a class.
Hardanger fiddles are available to borrow for the sessions.  Awarding
scholarships to deserving fiddle students to attend the annual workshops. One
does not neet to already play Hardanger fiddle to apply. We have also supported
members to study at the Ole Bull Akademie, a selective, folk music institute in
Norway.  Distribution of educational merchandise, including self-instruction
manuals, videos and cassettes for beginning players, Hardanger fiddle strings,
and recordings of Hardanger fiddle music produced in Norway and North America.
Publication of a quarterly journal, Sound Post, which features articles on the
history, players, and makers of the Hardanger fiddle, news of current events of
interest to enthusiasts, transcriptions of fiddle tunes, and other subjects
relating to the music and dance traditions of Norway and Norwegians in North
America.  As our membe

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              April 1, 2011 Friday
                                National Edition

GTT

BYLINE: By MICHAEL HOINSKI.

Michael Hoinski writes for texasmonthly.com, where a version of this column
appears.; mhoinski@gmail.com

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Texas ; Pg. 23B

LENGTH: 816 words


Our quirky, discerning picks for

the most interesting things to do

around the state this week.

ENNIS

Got the Blues?

Forget what the ''experts'' are saying about this spring being a bunk one for
bluebonnets due to a lack of rain. There are other sources of hydration to
ensure the annual rising up of the state flower. ''We should have a good year
due to the snowstorm that hit us,'' said Gina Rokas, the tourism director for
Ennis, 35 miles south of Dallas, where an uncharacteristic amount of powder
dropped in January.

Otherwise known as the Bluebonnet City of Texas, Ennis has, since 1951,
developed the Ennis Bluebonnet Trails, 40 miles of mostly driving trails --
inhabited by goats, donkeys and exotics. And while most areas of Texas won't
start seeing bluebonnets until mid-April, you can see them as early as April 1
(if not earlier) in Ennis.

Do yourself a favor, though, and check the city's Web site to find out which
areas are in bloom before heading out there opening day. If not, Mother Nature's
April Fools' joke might just be on you.

Various locations, Friday-Thursday, various times. visitennis.org

LLANO

Strings Theory

Don't call it a comeback: the Llano Fiddle Contest has been here for years
(since 1976, actually). It went on hiatus last year after two decades of hanging
on by a horsehair.

''The fiddle genre is very fragile,'' said John Caballero, organizer of Llano
Fiddle Fest Weekend, a new three-day extravaganza with the contest as its
centerpiece. ''We have to keep the fiddle exposure out there so our youth can
experience the joy and spiritual uplifting that fiddle music brings.''

This year's contest is ''open,'' meaning all ages and skill levels can
participate. There is also the Fiddle Hero Air Fiddle Contest, in which
contestants pretend to play the fiddle over a recorded song -- sort of like
instrumental lip-synching. And for the nonplaying, nonexhibitionist enthusiast,
there is an Antique Musical Instrument Art Exhibit, with pieces upwards of 100
years old that townies found ''just laying under beds or in closets collecting
dust.''

Keep your eyes peeled for a 1717 Stradivarius played by Otis Light, Llano's
fiddling forefather, which is rumored to still be somewhere in town.

Various locations, Friday-Sunday, various times. llanofiddlecontest.com

AUSTIN

Run, Jump, Put

In 1974, Al Feuerbach glided across a seven-foot circle at Darrel K Royal-Texas
Memorial Stadium, on the University of Texas campus, and heaved the 16-pound
metal ball nestled in his neck 70 feet, 1 1/2 inches. The ''put'' set a record
in the invitational division of the shot-put at the Texas Relays -- a record
that, despite athletes' advances in size, strength and technique, still stands,
making it the oldest current record at the 83-year-old track and field event.

The Texas Relays, second only to the Penn Relays in scope, is where high school,
college and pro athletes come to compete on a national stage. Too many Olympians
have participated to count, including Maurice Greene, Michael Johnson and Carl
Lewis.

Who out of the field will be wearing stars and stripes come 2012? Better yet,
will anyone break Mr. Feuerbach's 37-year-old shot-put record?

Mike A. Myers Stadium, Wednesday and Thursday, various times. texassports.com

POTEET

Jam Session

Remember the Pace Picante commercial where the cowpokes are stunned to learn
that their salsa was made in New York City? The same thing happens at the Poteet
Strawberry Festival, but instead, the complaint is that the berries are from
California.

There's good reason for that. There are only so many berries that can be
supplied by the farms of Poteet, a town of 3,300 people 30 miles south of San
Antonio -- even though it is the Strawberry Capital of Texas -- and that supply
doesn't stand a chance against the droves that have increasingly attended the
festival since 1948.

To sate that collective appetite, the festival is supplemented with (gasp!)
California strawberries. But xenophobes should get over it and refocus their
attention on getting to the festival -- let the water tower painted like a
strawberry be your guide -- early enough to sample the local fare. Something
that goes that fast must be worth it.

Various locations, Friday-Sunday, various times. strawberryfestival.com

HOUSTON

Hoop It Up

Alas, no Texas teams are left in the men's N.C.A.A. basketball tournament, but
when the Final Four occurs in your backyard, you go, because it's the
culmination of the best sporting event there is -- at least since football
season ended.

Reliant Stadium, Saturday and Monday, various times. ncaa.com

KILGORE

Just for Kicks

The Kilgore College Rangerettes, the red-, white- and blue-clad marchers who put
drill teams on the map in 1940, continue to inspire girls to be the bane of
cheerleaders' existences through events like Rangerette Revels, the team's
spring variety show.

Kilgore College, Wednesday and Thursday, various times. rangerette.com

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The Kilgore College Rangerettes will hold the Revels, their
spring variety show, next week. (PHOTOGRAPH COURTESY KILGORE COLLEGE
RANGERETTES)
 Friday is opening day for the Ennis Bluebonnet Trails. (PHOTOGRAPH BY TINA
REGIER)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             July 4, 2009 Saturday

Vincent Harrison

SECTION: OBITUARIES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 733 words


Master fiddle player with ties to the golden Coleman era:VINCENT HARRISON, who
has died aged 82, was a master Leitrim fiddle player whose expertise and
extensive musical connections linked him with a golden era in Irish fiddle
music.

He was an associate of James  Lad  O Beirne (1911-1980) the renowned Sligo
fiddle player who lived in the Bronx, New York and who in turn was a
contemporary of the fellow county fiddle player Michael Coleman (1892-1945).

Coleman s music had reached legendary status by the time of his death in 1945.
The recordings in the USA of Coleman and fellow Sligo men James Morrisson
(1893-1947) and Paddy Killoran (1904-1965) were unparalleled and represent the
pinnacle of Irish fiddle playing and recording.

Indeed it was O Beirne s father Philip s fiddle playing that influenced Killoran
and Coleman before they both emigrated to the USA. Another great Sligo composer
and fiddle player, Martin Wynne (1916-98), would also become a musical friend of
Harrison during his time in New York.

Vincent Harrison was born in 1927 into a farming family in Tullycooley,
Dromahair, Co Leitrim. His mother Mary played the fiddle and her son Vincent
carried on her legacy with an application and devotion that remained with him
throughout his life.

Mary s brother was the well-known fiddle player Hughie Travers, whom Irish
musicians will recognise by the tunes that bear his name.

Vincent was the third eldest of a family of four brothers and two sisters and
attended the local national school in Killavoggy.

He was not formally taught music by his mother but started on the fiddle from an
early age and  picked it up as he went along . Besides his mother, he linked up
with the great fiddler Joe  Lacky  Gallagher from Drumkeeran and supplemented
that by listening to 78 rpm recordings from the USA of Coleman. He began
entering and winning local feiseanna and playing regularly at dances in Leitrim
and further afield.

By the age of 27 he had decided to leave farming life and emigrate to New York.
There he had an older brother Joe, an avid music lover, who told him of a great
Sligo fiddle player named James  Lad  O Beirne who was to become a close friend
and an abiding influence on the young Harrison. Indeed, subsequent recordings
can still be heard of the two playing many tunes together on an innovative O
Beirne home-made recorder.

O Beirne was Michael Coleman s greatest musical companion until his death in
1945. Both Lad O Beirne and Michael Coleman are regarded as two of the most
influential fiddle players of the 20th century. Vincent absorbed an enormous
amount of lore, history and, most importantly, music from O Beirne, Tom
Connolly, Andy McGann and Martin Wynne, who all had direct contact with Coleman.

After settling in to New York life, Harrison secured work at the American
Telephone and Telegraph Company. He worked on repairs and installation of
telephone systems. This work brought him into the homes of many famous people
including classical musicians like the violinists Izthak Perlman and Isaac
Stern.

He developed a keen interest in the study of violins and regaled many stories of
violins that he had bought during his time in America. He went on to play with
fiddlers Andy McGann and Paddy Reynolds, uilleann piper Andy Conroy and many
more well-known Irish musicians in a city rich in Irish musical tradition.

In 1988 he retired and returned to Ireland to live near his sister Moira and her
family on the seafront in Clontarf, Dublin. He immediately immersed himself in
the musical scene and played at many events and festivals at home and abroad. He
also made radio broadcasts and some commercial recordings. His house was to
prove a mecca for many calling musicians, in particular, younger generations of
musical families like the Mulligans, Ó Broins and O Connors, for the remainder
of his life.

He was always generous and kind with his time and music, for young and old, and
carried his unique musical legacy with pride and honesty. His style of playing
and his link with the golden era of Irish fiddle music made Vincent Harrison one
of the last true exponents of the Coleman style. Vincent is survived by his
sisters Moira and Philomena and his many nephews and nieces. Ar dheis Dé go
raibh a anam uasal ceolmhar.

______________________________________________________________________________

John Vincent Harrison; born December 2nd, 1927, died 4th June 2009

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                          December 26, 2007, Wednesday

Handcrafting fiddles was man s obsession;
St. Albans music store selling some of the instruments made by W.Va. native and
his wife

BYLINE: DAVE PEYTON, FOR THE DAILY MAIL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1D

LENGTH: 796 words


Nearly 80 fiddles line the walls of Joe Dobbs' Fret 'n Fiddle music store in St.
Albans.

They are all for sale at $500 each, and they are all the creations of two people
- the late Arden Bender and his wife, Carol.

The story of these stringed instruments is one of obsession, Carol said. She
believes the story of the Bender fiddles is a tale about her late husband, a
native of Cleveland in Webster County and a lifelong music enthusiast who taught
in Columbus, Ohio, schools until he started making fiddles.

In all, the couple made 105 fiddles before Arden died last January. He never
sold a single fiddle they made.

"He was a very private person," said Carol, a native of Wayne who met Arden
through mutual friends.

"He didn't really want anyone to know he made them. And he was a lifelong music
enthusiast. He was born into a musical family. He could play any instrument, and
he had a marvelous voice. But he never played or sang in public."

Dobbs, who knows fiddles, says there are quite a few folks who handcraft them.
But most aren't made very well.

"Some folks think all you have to do is take one apart and match the parts with
new parts, and then put new fiddles together. That doesn't work," Dobbs said.
"Arden didn't do that. He knew the technical aspects of fiddle making.

"In fact, I've played every fiddle in the collection, and there's not a bad one
in the lot."

For example, Dobbs said, both the top and bottom wooden pieces of a fiddle must
be tuned to C-sharp. How do you tune a piece of wood? Careful and precise
carving and shaving of each piece of wood makes the difference, Dobbs said.

Dobbs thumped the top and bottom of a Bender fiddle then strummed a C sharp on
one of the strings. The wood was in perfect tune with the string.

Carol said her husband graduated from Fairmont State and then Xavier University
in Ohio. He taught school in Columbus for 30 years before being stricken with
colon cancer in 1989. His doctors told him he'd have to retire. That's when his
attention turned to an old fiddle he had received as a child.

"He played it and thought it didn't sound so good," she said. "The first thing
we did was re-hair the bow, but that didn't help. That's when my husband started
researching what makes a good instrument.

"He spent hours at the library and bought lots of books. He visited a violin
maker in Ohio and learned from a master. Then he started making his fiddles. And
I helped him."

"I would stain them and sometimes do a little carving," Carol said. "But he was
the creator. It was his obsession."

Bender became immersed in his projects, working long hours nearly every day and
stopping only to eat. He bought thousands of dollars worth of tools for his
fiddle shop.

But as he turned the fiddles out, signing and numbering each one, he never gave
a thought to selling any of them.

Bender bought only top-quality materials for making the instruments. Most of the
wood came from Bosnia, Carol said. Dobbs added the strings are top of the line -
no shortcuts were taken in making the instruments.

Before her husband died, "He told me to do whatever I wanted to do with the
fiddles," Carol said. There were 105 completed fiddles and two unfinished ones.
She gave more than 20 of them away to family and friends. She gave one of them
to the local Cancer Society in Columbus and it brought $1,000 at an auction.

She asked her nephew, James Baisden of Wayne, to help her dispose of the rest.

She had moved into a smaller house in South Point, Ohio, and didn't have room
for all of them.

Baisden knew Dobbs when he had a music store in Huntington.

"I've always liked Joe and trust him," Baisden said. "So I asked him if he would
sell them for Aunt Carol."

Dobbs said he still remembers his first look at them.

"I expected them to be less than top quality," Dobbs said. "I thought that maybe
Bender was maybe just a woodworker instead of an instrument maker.

"Boy, was I surprised. Every fiddle I picked up and played was excellent and
obviously made by someone who knew that fiddle making is more than gluing pieces
of wood together."

Cathy Grant, an accomplished violinist and fiddle instructor, agrees. A native
of Ohio who moved to West Virginia, she started her career as a professional
musician with the Cleveland Symphony, and she's played a lot of stringed
instruments.

While she hasn't played all of the Bender fiddles, the ones she has played are
resonant and top of the line, she said.

Dobbs says the allure of the fiddles is not only their obvious quality, but that
they've been crafted by native West Virginians. And, of course, there's a
limited number, so when they're gone, they're gone.

He expects them to disappear quickly, snapped up by West Virginia musicians who
recognize quality and appreciate handcrafted fiddles made by native mountain
folks.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

West Virginia: Augusta Congratulates Winners of Fiddle, Banjo, Flatfoot Dance
Contest

LENGTH: 255 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Charleston: Davis & Elkins College, The State of West Virginia has issued the
following news release:



 Musicians and dancers put forth their best performances to vie for top awards
in the WV Open Fiddle, Banjo and Flatfoot Dance Contest in the Augusta Dance
Pavilion on the campus of Davis & Elkins College.

Winners are, from left, Ka&iuml;a Kater-Hurst of Ontario, Canada, first place
flatfoot dance; Andrew Carroll of Bunker Hill, W.Va., second place flatfoot
dance; Marina Madden of Richmond, Va., third place flatfoot dance; Kiara
Williams of Rock Cave, W.Va., Best Overall Youth Prize in banjo and fiddle; John
D. Morris of Ivydale, W.Va., Best Overall Senior Prize in banjo and fiddle,
third place old-time banjo and second place fiddle; Andy FitzGibbon of Montrose,
W.Va., first place old-time banjo and first place fiddle; and Ben Townsend of
Elkins, second place old-time banjo and third place fiddle. The event was
organized by the Augusta Heritage Center of Davis & Elkins College with help
from sponsors Smakula Fretted Instruments, Christy Tribble CPA AC, Jivaka
Wellness Center and several anonymous donors. More activities are in store from
Augusta this month. Registration is open for instrument and craft classes during
October Old-Time Week, October 18-23, and plans for a celebration of West
Virginia old-time music and dance during the Fiddlers' Reunion Weekend, October
23-24, are underway.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 19, 2011 Monday

Where it's fun to just fiddle around

BYLINE: Kate Wilcox, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 427 words


Sept. 19--Two-year-old Ryan Hilbert-Hess and his 5-year-old brother, Dylan, are
moving the Lyons Fiddle Festival on to the next generation.

Dylan sat front and center at the main stage with his guitar while Ryan wandered
around Lyons Community Park wearing a cowboy hat with his mom, Joni
Hilbert-Hess, in tow.

The family, originally from Berks County, lives in Lititz, but comes back every
year for the festival, Joni said.

Many of their family members are involved in organizing and playing in the
fiddle fest.

"We come to see our family and to see the fiddles," Hilbert-Hess said.

Plenty of the 5,000 people who attended Sunday have been coming each year since
the festival started in 1983.

"It's a lot of people for the little town of Lyons," said organizer Georgianne
Haring of Lyons.

With seven performing groups, an area for jamming, iron kettle soups, a pig
roast and a fiddle contest, the festival grows larger every year, she said.

"For $2 for the whole day, it's a pretty good deal," said organizer Keith
Weidner of Lyons.

All proceeds go to maintaining Lyons Community Park and hosting the Halloween,
Christmas and Easter parties for local children.

People come from all over Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Delaware, New York, New
Jersey and North Carolina to compete in the fiddle contest and watch the day's
events, Weidner said.

Ruth Starner and Larry Moyer came from Allentown, as they had for the past 10
years, to listen to the jam bands that form in pockets around the outer edges of
the festival.

"Of course the food isn't too shabby, either," joked Starner as she dug into a
bowl of potato soup.

Sisters Eleanor Wessner and Anna Leslie, both of Kutztown, and Annabelle Hosler
of New Tripoli come every year to hear their brother Allen J. Billig,
Virginville, play guitar in the jam band circles.

"We like the bluegrass music," Wessner said.

Musicians carrying fiddles, guitars, mandolins and upright bass formed circles
and started playing while the sound from the main stage drifted overhead.

By the food stands, cousins Linda Perez of Leesport and Barbara Bishop of
Fleetwood shared barbecue sandwiches and listened to the main stage act, Summit
Hill.

Perez hadn't been to the fest in years and this was Bishop's first time. But
both said they would be back next year.

"It's so close and such a nice day," Bishop said. "I'll definitely be back next
year."

Contact Kate Wilcox: 610-371-5015 or kwilcox@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2011 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110919-RE-Where-it-s-fun-to-just-fiddle-around-0919-20110919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2011 Reading Eagle


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Cleburne Times-Review (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Fiddlers to face off at Alvarado reunion on Friday

BYLINE: Jessica Pounds, Cleburne Times-Review, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 476 words


Sept. 08--Grab those dusty fiddles out of the attic and make sure to bring them
to this year's Pioneers and Old Settlers Reunion for a chance to take first
place in a fiddle contest at 7 p.m. Friday at the reunion grounds, 111 Reunion
Drive in Alvarado.

One of the largest events of its kind in Texas, the Pioneers and Old Settlers
Reunion traces its beginnings to 1892.

Through the years, the reunion has grown to attract more than 10,000
participants to such events as carnivals, parades, queen and baby contests,
fiddle contest and music concerts.

This year's fiddle contest will be a Texas Old Time Fiddlers Association
contest.

The organization is referred to as the Texas style, the contest style and the
Texas long bow because of its origins in Texas by those such as A.C. "Eck"
Robinson, a fiddler from Amarillo, who was the first to record a Texas fiddle
which opened the door to recording country music.

All contestants must be a member of the TOTFA.

Rocky Biggs, who is on the reunion fiddle committee, said the event will go on
rain or shine.

"We are indoors so we don't have to worry about the weather," he said. "We would
love for everybody to come and cheer on the participants."

Each contestant will play two tunes, either a breakdown or waltz.

The champion of the contest receives $100.

Association Director Leanna Cowan said she hopes many people come out to enjoy
the fiddle contest.

"They will be clearing a space this year behind the chairs in the pavilion so
people can dance during the fiddle contest," she said. "It is going to be a
great time."

More activities

Saturday will be packed with activities ranging from a car show, gospel groups,
a battle of bands and vendor booths. Alvarado Road Show will hit the stage at
8:30 p.m.

The band is a Nashville-by-way-of-Texas-based brother-duo who create and perform
rootsy American music about life, love and relationships.

New this year is a talent show.

"The contestants have been auditioning all summer and getting ready," Reunion
Association President Tom Durington said. "There will also be goat roping
Saturday morning for the little kids."

Carnival rides will open at 6 p.m. each night of the reunion.

The carnival always has a lot of rides and good food," Durington said. "The
wristbands are $25 each; they are good for one night and will be available each
night."

Make sure while you are there to sign the reunion guestbook, which will be kept
on a table near the northeast side entrance to the Pavilion building, and take
your place in Texas history.

Parking for the event costs $2 which goes toward keeping up the reunion grounds.

For more information, visit
www.alvaradopubliclibrary.org/johnson_county_pioneers.htm.

___ (c)2016 the Cleburne Times-Review (Cleburne, Texas) Visit the Cleburne
Times-Review (Cleburne, Texas) at www.cleburnetimesreview.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160908-XT-Fiddlers-to-face-off-at-Alvarado-reunion-on-Friday-0908-20160908

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XT


                      Copyright 2016 Cleburne Times-Review


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              June 4, 2010 Friday

Wis. man restores classic fiddle and finds profit

BYLINE: By GERI PARLIN La Crosse Tribune

SECTION: WISCONSIN

LENGTH: 454 words


ONALASKA, Wis. Robert Gallagher learned to play fiddle when he was 12. Back
then, his dad was known to fix a fiddle or two with the help of the family
horse.

"My dad used to pull hair from the horse's tail to make the strings. That horse
hardly had any tail hair left," Gallagher said with a laugh as he sat in his
tiny workroom.

Maybe it was his dad's inspiration as a fiddle repairman, or maybe it was mom's
accompaniment on piano, but Gallagher kept on playing that fiddle until he left
the farm in 1952.

But when Gallagher left the farm, he left the fiddle behind. There was work to
be done and he was too busy for fiddling around.

Along the way, he got married, settled down, and was a success at pretty much
anything he put his hand to plumbing, welding, electrical, house building and
selling auto parts. You could take Gallagher off the farm, but you could never
take the farm boy out of him. He had skills, and he put them to good use.

"There was never a day in my life if I wanted a job I couldn't go get it."

And maybe that's what brought him back to fiddles.

About 25 years ago, he started repairing fiddles and buying them at auctions or
wherever he could find them. The lessons he learned long ago from his father
were put to good use as he studied fiddles and how to put them back together.

Two years ago, he found a hardanger fiddle at a local auction for $800. Yes, it
was a lot of money, and, yes, it was in rough shape. It was his first chance to
work on a hardanger fiddle, which has four lower strings that vibrate and four
upper strings on which the bow is used.

The bridge was intact, and so was the mother-of-pearl inlay and decorative
painting.

So Gallagher took it down to his workroom, a glorified storage room in his
apartment complex that he converted into a compact workshop. There, he rebuilt
the fiddle, matched the stain, and carved new pegs from old ivory piano keys.

The dragon head featured at the top of this fiddle would have been pretty
typical of a hardanger fiddle, but Gallagher figures there isn't another exactly
like it in the world because Norwegian artisans carved these at home instead of
making them in factories.

This particular fiddle was carved by Olav Olfen Undeberg of Norway in 1936.

That's all Gallagher knows about the old fiddle, but when he advertised the
refurbished fiddle for salein Sound Post, a magazine dedicated to hardanger
fiddles, he got inquiries from as far away as Russia. He ended up selling it to
a man in Arizona for $3,500.

"I kind of hated to let it go without something to remember it by," he said, as
he showed it off before packing it up to ship. "You gotta love 'em to do that
much work."


Information from: La Crosse Tribune, http://www.lacrossetribune.com

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                               May 2, 2011 Monday

Harvey Music Festival begins with fiddle fest

BYLINE: BRENDA MACMINN For The Daily Gleaner

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 380  words


HARVEY STATION - The 43rd annual Harvey Music Festival began early Sunday
morning with more than 50 entrants in 20 fiddle classes.

Young fiddlers and teen fiddlers raised their fiddles for some toe-tapping music
on the stage of the Harvey Elementary School gymnasium.

The Harvey Music Festival has become well-known for its fiddle classes, with
several area fiddle teachers entering their students for adjudication. Children
in the fiddle classes are students of Katherine Moller of Harvey and Krista
Touesnard of Fredericton.

The festival featured Stacey Read from Sackville as the adjudicator for the
fiddle classes. The 22-year veteran of fiddle music was a perfect fit for the
young fiddle players, as well as the more advanced. Her constructive comments
gave fiddlers some food for thought.

Read studied with Vivian and Ivan Hicks of Upper Coverdale for 13 years and
attended the Berkley College of Music in Boston and received her degree in music
management. She presently has 53 private fiddle students.

Read awarded two 90s in the afternoon session, one to Alicia Ingalls who at
eight years of age is playing at Level 5, and the other to Kennedy Fitzgerald
who played a three-part medley in Level 6. Both are from Fredericton.

The opening ceremonies showcased some of the choirs and vocal groups in the area
and included sacred and folk vocal solo selections. The Harvey Music Festival is
possibly the only festival in the province to feature Bible recitation
selections in its programming. The evening session was held at St. Andrew's
United Church in Harvey.

Greg Moffitt of Fredericton was welcomed as the adjudicator. Moffitt grew up in
Harvey and said he's pleased to be back to adjudicate in the festival that he
entered as a participant many years ago.

Moffitt has a long history with the festival, first as an entrant, next as a
music teacher at Harvey Elementary School in the mid-1980s, as a choir director
and now as an adjudicator.

The Harvey Music Festival continues throughout the week with sessions at the
Harvey Memorial Community Centre. The Don Messer Memorial Class will be held
Wednesday evening.

The closing concert will be held Friday at 7 p.m. with 20 of the top
performances from the sessions throughout the week. Star and junior star will be
named at that time.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2011 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                           September 8, 2005 Thursday

Getting in tune to the Banjo & Fiddle Contest on Saturday

BYLINE: KATHLEEN DEELY, Sun Staff

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 502 words

DATELINE: LOWELL


http://extras.mnginteractive.com

Beth Eldridge's favorite fiddle song is a crooked three-part in the key of A.

And one of the only times she plays it with her husband Woody Pringle is at the
Banjo & Fiddle Contest in Lowell.

Every year, the couple drive down from Bradford, N.H., to pick their respective
instruments with their friends.

"It's a big social event," said Eldridge, who first picked up the fiddle when
she was 21.

In the years they have entered contests here, the couple have pulled down
honorable mention, second and third place titles.

But winning is hardly the point for the group of 1,500 or so pickers who descend
on Boarding House Park the second weekend in September. It's camaraderie, a
chance to play in front of a group and learn a new song or two.

"It's a little more informal than most fiddle contests. You only have to play
one tune and you can play duets. It's the only contest we do because a lot of
contests don't have all our friends there," said Eldridge.

The relaxed style of the Banjo & Fiddle Contest is what Alex Demas had in mind
when he dreamed up the event, sponsored by the Lowell National Historical Park,
the Festival Foundation and UMass Lowell, 26 years ago.

The contest's categories -- old-time fiddle, bluegrass banjo, bluegrass fiddle,
ethnic fiddle and banjo and twin fiddle -- attract a wide net.

"You might hear a Greek fiddle tune or a French-Canadian dance song. The ethnic
fiddle connection was the reason I wanted to start this," said Demas, a national
park ranger.

Longtime judges like Don Pedi, a mountain dulcimer guru, return every year to
make sure the fun event stays competitive. But this year, banjo expert Andy
Woolf, who judged here 20 times, will not be a part of the contest. He passed
away in February.

He is being replaced by Alan Jabbour, who heads the National Archives in
Washington, D.C.

Despite the level of professionalism the judges impart, there are workshops in
the morning for all skill levels.

"It's both an exchange and a lesson with everyone from beginners to intermediate
competing," said Demas, adding that the contest is fit for the beginning
fiddler, who may be bowing a string for the first time.

"They come out feeling more confident and energized. It's a great learning
experience."

The contest, which is loved for its down-home feel, has created five spin-offs,
says Demas, and is touted because it's free, outdoors and has never been rained
on. Also, all participants receive a complimentary T-shirt.

"It's an insult to drive 600 miles and make them pay $16 for a T-shirt," said
Demas.

And from a spectator's point of view, the contest, like the Lowell Folk
Festival, is a great way to get outside and hear some historical, rootsy music.

"They'll get worn-out feet if they tap enough," said Demas.

Workshops begin at 10 a.m. and the contest begins at 12 noon and runs till 6
p.m. Boarding House Park, John Street, Lowell. For more info go to
www.nps.gov/lowe/banjofiddle.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Natalya Trudeau of Lowell, then 8, participates in a workshop at last
year's Banjo & Fiddle Contest at Boarding House Park in Lowell.

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 1, 2011 Thursday

Zing go the strings with Childsplay Fiddle Fest

BYLINE: Kristina Dorsey, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 705 words


Dec. 01--Nearly three decades ago, Bob Childs was toiling away, making violins
in a shop in Philadelphia. He knew that world well. Childs had, after all, long
been a fiddle player. Although the shop worked a great deal with the
Philadelphia Orchestra, his customers tended to be fiddle players, too.

One day, a player called, inviting him to head down to Washington, D.C., to join
in with a group for a concert.

"They said, 'Oh, by the way, its name is Childsplay because everyone onstage is
going to be playing one of your instruments,'" Childs says. "So I actually got
invited to be part of the band. We just had such a great time. That was 26 years
ago. It took off since then, and we haven't stopped."

Nor will they. Childsplay Fiddle Fest is wending its way to New London for a
Friday concert at the Garde Arts Center.

The group, which is based in New England, boasts an impressive line-up, with
musicians from the Boston Symphony and champions of Ireland and Scotland fiddle
competitions.

It's more than fiddlers, too. Childsplay includes everyone from a guitar player
to stepdancers to a hambonist.

"Everyone onstage is the front person for the their own band, so to speak," says
Childs, who is the group's artistic director. "That's one of the great things
about Childsplay. It's the sum of all these amazing parts, of all these
musicians."

They play all sorts of fiddle music -- traditional, yes, but contemporary, too,
with a good deal of the music composed by members of Childsplay.

The fiddles here all share a similar sound, since they were all created by the
same man.

"There is a certain point when you get a consistency in your own sound as a
violinmaker," says Childs, who makes the instruments in his Boston shop.

He describes the Childsplay performance as sort of a fiddle choir.

"It's like a family that sings together in that there's a familial quality in
the voices of the violins," he says.

Childs sees his work as a violinmaker as a way for him to express the turmoil
from his youth spent in foster homes. He wrote a piece that says, "It is often
said that of all musical instruments the violin, when it is played soulfully, is
most like the human voice. I now realize that part of the reason I have come to
craft violins has been to give voice to my early experience, my early years of
living in foster homes, to create a vehicle for something that I didn't have
language for. So for me there is something profound and moving in adding the
voice to the violin."

Childs had been a woodworker before he became making violins. He worked his way
through college building houses, and his first job out of school was building
furniture.

When he took his violin to be fixed, then, it wasn't a big leap for the man who
was repairing it to hire him. Eventually, Childs opened his own shop.

"I like to joke that, if I knew how hard it is to make a violin, I wouldn't have
started. But you're young and foolish, and you just do it," he says. "It's a
great craft to apply yourself toward because you can always improve it. You get
this sense of getting to recreate these objects that live their own life, that
go out in the world. I get to develop all these great relationships with all the
players, which is the part I love."

It takes a couple hundred hours to make a violin. Childs has always worked by
commission.

"One of the things I've really worked hard at is helping people learn how to
translate what they hear in their head for what they want their violin to sound
like, into the wood we're going to make the violin from," he says. "I can show
them how you can hear the sound that's in the wood before we start and then how
it's going to end up as a final violin."

Childsplay Fiddle Fest, 8 p.m. Friday, Garde Arts Center, 325 State St., New
London; $28-45; musicians' discount available on the Garde website, by clicking
"Musicians' Special" above the seating chart to get the discounted ticket; also,
2:30 p.m. workshop for local musicians, offering a close-up experience of the
company's unique improvisational and compositional mix of music styles and
techniques; (860) 444-7373, gardearts.org.

___ (c)2011 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111201-NL-Zing-go-the-strings-with-Childsplay-Fiddle
-Fest-1201-20111201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Independent (Ashland, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 19, 2010 Sunday

Fiddler's embrace history at Ed Haley Fiddle Festival

BYLINE: Katie Brandenburg, The Daily Independent, Ashland, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 881 words


Sept. 19--ASHLAND -- Anna Roberts-Gevalt bobbed and swayed as she coaxed a
foot-stomping fast tune from her fiddle.

Dressed in rolled-up overalls and converse tennis shoes, she moved with the beat
of the music. It's something she said isn't typical of many old-time musicians.

"I've always done that with any type of music I play," she said.

Roberts-Gevalt, 23, of Eggleston, Va., was one of twelve contestants in the 15th
annual Ed Haley Fiddle Festival, part of Poage Landing Days, on Saturday.
Contestants competed in the categories of teen, adult or senior as well as in a
special competition for the best playing of an Ed Haley song.

Ed Haley was a blind fiddle player who lived part of his life in Catlettsburg
and Ashland. He died in 1951.

Roberts-Gevalt didn't grow up playing old-time fiddle music like many of the
contestants, but instead grew up in New England playing classical music.

Then she started hearing banjo music, bought her first banjo and later moved to
Eastern Kentucky to do an internship.

"I don't really know what happened, but it totally grabbed me like an insane
obsession," she said.

After finishing school at Wesleyan University in Connecticut, Roberts-Gevalt
moved to Virginia and now teaches and plays old-time fiddle music.

"I love the idea of having music making being a really central part of daily
life again because we live in a world where we get entertained and people
entertain us so I really aspire to be around people who are entertaining
themselves," she said.

Roberts-Gevalt sat beside Sharon Nunley, 64, of Ashland, as performers from the
senior age group played their tunes.

Nunley is the daughter of fiddler Emma Lee Dickerson. Roberts-Gevalt played one
of Dickerson's tunes during the competition and did research on Dickerson.

Nunley said that, even though she doesn't play the fiddle, she's glad her
granddaughter is taking up the instrument and that others still play her songs.

"It makes me think of her and it brings back memories of her," Nunley said of
attending the festival.

Aubrey Pearson, 10, of Warren, Pa., began playing fiddle about three years ago
and said her mother and fiddle teacher both helped her learn to play and her
mother helped her make tune selections for the competition.

"Mom said that they were old and that you should play them," she said.

Judge John Harrod, of Owen County, said the Ed Haley fiddle contest was
different from other contests because it asks contestants to play in an old-time
fiddle style like the one Ed Haley used instead of the slicker Nashville or
Texas forms of fiddling.

Each geographic area has its own style of fiddling, he said.

"Even in Kentucky, everywhere you'd go you'd hear different tunes and different
licks almost from county to county," Harrod said.

The style of fiddling cultivated in river towns of the tri-state area was unique
from any others with driving rhythms so the tunes are danceable and influences
from the many different cultures that settled along the river including French,
Italian, German and Scotch-Irish, he said.

"There was a lot of diversity of population, and that kind of poured into the
music," Harrod said.

Diverse, new tunes are what brought Paul David Smith, 77, of Belfry, to the
fiddle festival.

Smith, who has been playing the fiddle since he was about 11 years old, said his
repertoire still has room to grow.

"You get in a group like this, you hear somebody play a tune you never heard
before," he said. "Even though you might have heard hundreds there's still new
ones out there."

Smith became involved in old-time music after his father invited an
old-fashioned three-piece band to play at their house one night.

"I remember sitting in the floor crossed-legged staring up and I said 'Gee, I'd
like to do that,'" he said.

Michael Garvin, 28, of Flatwoods, said his attraction to old- time music took
longer to develop. Both of his grandparents, Bert and Betty Garvin, were
bluegrass musicians, but as a teenager Michael Garvin was more interested in the
rock and heavy metal music of Metallica or Guns N' Roses.

Eventually, though, he came to respect the talent old time and bluegrass music
takes, Garvin said. He's now been playing fiddle and participating in the Ed
Haley Festival for 10 years.

"I took it on as a challenge and I thought, 'If I could just play one tune real
good on the fiddle I'd be happy,' but you get the bug, the desire to play more,"
he said.

Festival champions included Karson Glancy, 13, of Greenup for the teen category,
Nikos Pappas, of Lexington, in the adult category and Paul David Smith in the
senior category.

Smith also won the competition for best rendition of an Ed Haley song. He closed
out the festival by playing the J.P Fraley tune "Margaret's Waltz" on Ed Haley's
old fiddle.

KATIEâ[#x20ac][#x2c6]BRANDENBURG can be reached at
kbrandenburg@dailyindependent.com or (606) 326-2653.

To see more of The Daily Independent or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyindependent.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily Independent,
Ashland, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100919-KA-Fiddler-s-embrace-history-at-Ed-Haley-Fiddle
-Festival-0919-20100919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KA


                      Copyright 2010 The Daily Independent


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 14, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

The View From/Hartford;
The Return of Peace, Love and Fiddles

BYLINE: By STACEY STOWE

SECTION: Section 14CN; Page 2; Column 1; Connecticut Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1000 words


IN its heyday, from the mid-1970's to the early 1980's, each year as many as
70,000 people attended the daylong New England Fiddle Contest in Hartford's
Bushnell Park. Music lured people to the fiddle fest, but the easygoing
camaraderie the tunes inspired made them want to linger. Picnic blankets were
spread, babies were jiggled in time to the music, and Hartford basked in the
glow of the event.

Feeling nostalgic? You're in luck. The festival, which returned last year after
a 15-year hiatus, will take place again on May 27, from 9:30 a.m. until dusk.

In an era filled with talk of peace, love and understanding, it's not surprising
that an organization named Peace Train would conceive the fiddle fest. In the
1970's, the group's members were committed to bringing free entertainment to the
city of Hartford, sometimes via an old school bus decked out in vibrant colors.

Twenty-six years and far shorter sideburns later, some former members of the
nonprofit group reunited (sans bus), under the leadership of Peace Train's
founder, Paul LeMay, to revive the fiddle fest. Last year, the event attracted a
crowd of about 5,000 people. This year, Peace Train is producing the festival in
partnership with the Hartford Downtown Council, which works with the
MetroHartford Chamber of Commerce to promote the city.

"One of the great things about the fiddle fest is the cross-section of the
crowd," said Mr. LeMay, a tall man in his 50's who favors berets and the kind of
vests worn by professional photographers or fishermen. (In fact, he is a
semiretired computer specialist for a Hartford insurance company.) "We get the
people who arrive on Harley Davidsons and Yamahas and those who drive up in
BMW's," said Mr. LeMay.

Mr. LeMay said he would be pleased if the fiddle fest inspired younger people to
join the Peace Train organization. Last year's festival was produced in part to
mark the 25th anniversary of the founding of Peace Train.

More than 55 fiddlers will compete in several categories at this year's free
festival. Three members of the North America Fiddling Judges Organization will
evaluate the performers, but an audience applause meter will gauge who is the
best in the "trick and fancy" division.

" 'Trick and fancy' is shorthand for nontraditional fiddling," said Tim
Woodbridge, a former judge at the fiddle fest and a retired lawyer who lives in
Granby. Playing the fiddle while holding it behind your back or standing on your
head could be among the tricks. The category also includes variations on popular
fiddle songs, like "The Orange Blossom Special," a tune as familiar to the
fiddling community as "Happy Birthday" is to the rest of us. (Another note to
the uninitiated: the violin and the fiddle are the same instrument.)

The other divisions are determined by age. There are two junior divisions, 12
and under and 13 to 18, as well as the open division for ages 18 to 64 and the
senior division for people 65 and older. Mr. LeMay said many children perform,
and several return as adults to play.

Jon Steucek a 50-year-old woodworker who lives in Cromwell, plans to return to
this year's fiddle fest. For him the contest is a "fun day, a chance to play
some good tunes for people and listen to other people play," he said. In the
many years that Mr. Steucek has played in the festival, he has performed
accompanied by a guitar and a bass fiddle. The rest of the year, his band, the
Portable Folk Festival, performs at various country fairs; for the past 18, they
have played at the Fourth of July Chester Road Race.

For others who perform professionally, the festival renews old acquaintances and
sometimes leads to more gigs.

That has been true for Donna Hebert, a 51-year-old Northhampton fiddler who
travels around the country, performing with three different bands. A two-time
winner in the open division, she favors tunes of her Canadian ancestors. "For
some people the festival is a chance to play out," she said referring to playing
for an audience. "For me, it's very much a social thing, a chance to schmooze."

Ms. Hebert gingerly described the early years of the fiddle fest by saying, "It
was a more permissive time." Wine was the beverage of choice for many at the
early festivals; no alcohol is permitted at the more recent festivals.

The festival has very modest origins. The first, inspired by a small festival
Mr. LeMay discovered while hitchhiking in Vermont, cost less than $2,000. It was
1974, and Peace Train members knocked on the doors of corporations to get money.
They continue to do so today, although they have added a Web site
(www.fiddlefest.org) to their retinue. Mr. Woodbridge said the festival grew to
be so big, it "took on a life of its own." Soon, the city of Hartford asked
Peace Train for money for crowd control and clean-up. Eventually, corporate
funding grew scarce, Peace Train members grew older, and the event fizzled out
in 1984.

This year the festival is expected to cost about $80,000, Mr. LeMay said.
Funding from the Big Y Supermarket chain came through just last month. The event
will include various food booths, and a preview concert, probably of bluegrass
music, will be held the night before to draw media attention to the festival.
The rain date is Sunday.

"The event became a happening, and hopefully it still is," Mr. Woodbridge said.
"All sorts of people will be there, from very dedicated music lovers to people
who want their children to hear fiddle music to those who simply think it might
be a good day to bask in the sun on a blanket."

What made the early years of the fiddle fest so popular?

"I think it was a carryover from the 1960's, getting together for music," said
Tony Caruso, the executive director of the Hartford Downtown Council. For
others, the day evokes more distinct, albeit less music-oriented, memories.

"The weather was warm, and girls wore cutoff shorts," mused a 45-year-old
Hartford businessman who declined to give his name. "It was a good day."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Top left: The New England Fiddle Contest revival in Hartford
drew 5,000 people last year. (Karen O'Maxfield); Top right: Morgan Clark-Coller
and Emily Nash played together. (Karen O'Maxfield for The New York Times);
Above: In 1978, fiddlers had a jam session. (Robert Stepno); Left: Jonathan
Gardner Steucek of Cromwell. (George Ruhe for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 6, 2014 Monday

Nashville fiddle duo coming to bluegrass museum Thursday

BYLINE: Keith Lawrence, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 243 words


Oct. 06--10 String Symphony, the Nashville-based fiddle duo of Christian
Sedelmyer and Rachel Baiman, will perform a benefit concert at the International
Bluegrass Music Museum at 6:30 p.m. Thursday.

The two performed at the museum's ROMP: Bluegrass Roots & Branches Festival last
summer.

Sedelmyer, formerly of the Farewell Drifters, and Baiman, formerly of Belfry
Fellows, met in Nashville and decided to see how far they could go as a two-
fiddle, two-vocals band.

Sedelmyer has also performed as a member of the Jerry Douglas Band, Alison Brown
Quartet, The Farewell Drifters, The Greencards and The Danberrys.

Baiman, a Chicago native, was the Illinois fiddle champion when she was 17.
Today, she specializes in old-time, bluegrass, Scottish and folk music and also
performs with the folk band, Oh My Darling, which is based in Winnipeg,
Manitoba.

The concert is part of an effort by bluegrass musicians to raise money for the
museum's operating costs.

The series began in 2010.

Katie Keller, the museum's marketing director, said, "We're shooting for at
least one concert a month this fall and winter."

Tickets, which include wine and beer, are $15.

They are available by calling the museum at (270) 926-7891 or online at
bluegrassmuseum.org.

Keith Lawrence, 691-7301, klawrence@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2014 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141006-OW-Nashville-fiddle
-duo-coming-to-bluegrass-museum-Thursday-1006-20141006

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2014 Messenger-Inquirer


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             May 23, 2015, Saturday

VANDALIA GATHERING;
TODAY'S SCHEDULE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 279 words


Vandalia Gathering, a free celebration of West Virginia's heritage and longtime
customs, takes place today and Sunday on the grounds of the state Capitol
Complex. All activities are free.

Capitol grounds and Great Hall: 10:30 a.m. Information and food booths, crafts
circle, festival and arts sales

Great Hall: Appalachian heritage dancing, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Music by Poteen.
Featuring Vandalia dancers, Scottish dancers, Irish dancers.

Capitol grounds: Old-Time for Young'uns, 10:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Art activities,
young'uns heritage crafts with garden treasures and Leona Art, archaeological
dig, storytelling, birds of prey, craft demos.

Old-time stage: Registration for fiddle contests, 11 a.m. to noon; senior fiddle
contest, noon; concert with Fiddler's Galore, 1 p.m.; awards for senior fiddle,
1:30 p.m.; youth fiddle contest, 1:45 p.m.; fiddle contest, 2:45 p.m.; concert
with Hunter Walker, 4:30 p.m.; youth fiddle and fiddle awards, 5 p.m.

Dance stage: Music by Mud Hole Control and Modock Rounders; callers Mack
Samples, Lou Maiuri, Taylor Runner, Bill Ohse. Open dance flat foot, noon to
1:15 p.m.; old-time square dance, 1:15 p.m.; open dance flat foot, 3:30 p.m.

Circle stage: Registration for banjo and mandolin, 11 a.m. to noon; bluegrass
banjo contest, noon; concert with Andrew Kidd, 1:30 p.m.; bluegrass banjo
awards, 2 p.m.; mandolin contest, 2:30 p.m.; concert with Trevor Hammons, 4
p.m.; mandolin awards, 4:15 p.m.; concert with Steadfast, 4:30 p.m.

Norman L. Fagan West Virginia State Theater: Memorial tribute to Lester
McCumbers with Dwight Diller, Elmer Rich, John and Marvine Loving, Frank George,
Charlie Myers, Teddy Vaughn and Samples Brothers, 6:30 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     February 27, 2004 Friday CITY EDITION

CRITICS' PICKS: POP MUSIC

SECTION: EXPRESS; CRITICS' PICKS; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 628 words


27, TODAY

Celtic Fiddle Festival

Though the Celtic Fiddle Festival is a group and not an event, the trio's
multicultural background turns live appearances into a world-music fest. Andre
Brunet of Quebec's La Bottine Souriante (who replaced Scottish fiddler Johnny
Cunningham after his death last December) joins world-renowned Irish fiddler
Kevin Burke and Frenchman Christian Lemaitre, who honed his fiddle skills in the
Celtic-French region of Brittany. Together, they create a unique blend of
traditional Celtic folk music and individual fiddle styles. Equipped with
lightning-fast fiddle skills and large doses of humor, the Celtic Fiddle
Festival has turned into an international sensation, selling out shows for more
than a decade and inspiring Celtic Fiddle Festival II to follow in the group's
wake. Ged Foley now accompanies the fiddling threesome on guitar and bouzouki. 8
p.m.; Cedar Cultural Center; 416 Cedar Ave S., Mpls.; $20-$15; 612-338-2674.

-- Molly Priesmeyer

29, SUNDAY

Soul Position

Led by rapper Blueprint and turntablist RJD2, Rhymesayers' second-coolest duo,
Soul Position (second only to Atmosphere, of course), is highly deceptive. The
name sounds like the group is led by an R&B crooner who wails about ladies, love
and lust and gives nods to the Lord for good measure. Instead, Blueprint raps
about complacency, consumption and cowards and blasts corporate America in equal
amounts. And turntablist RJD2, who has become the most in-demand DJ in
underground hip-hop, backing such luminaries as Def Jux's El-P and Aesop Rock,
creates minimalist scratches and beats and funk-jazz guitar leaps that snap and
crackle over Blueprint's sparkling mind jams. Minneapolis' Los Nativos open. 5
p.m. (all ages) and 9 p.m. (ID); 7th St. Entry; 701 First Ave. N., Mpls.; $8
advance, $10 at the door; 612-332-1775.

-- Molly Priesmeyer

3, WEDNESDAY

Blood on the Tracks Live

The making of Bob Dylan's "Blood on the Tracks" is a local legend among
musicians and Dylan devotees. By 1974, the "voice of his generation" had fallen
from the pedestal he occupied in popular culture in the mid-'60s, but he reacted
to the end of his marriage with the best collection of songs he'd written since.
He recorded them in New York, but the Minnesota native came home for the
holidays grumbling about the results. His brother talked him into re-recording
half of them and helped set up a pair of sessions with some Twin Cities
musicians. The tracks recorded ended up being half of that classic album, and
those musicians will reunite to play the whole thing end to end with a
collection of guest vocalists that includes Mary Lee Kortes, Martin Devaney, Pat
Hayes, Adam Levy and Sherwin Linton. The man who originally engineered the
musicians' reunion for Dylan's 60th birthday was singer-songwriter Paul Metsa,
who will open the show. 7:30 p.m.; Pantages Theatre, 710 Hennepin Ave. S.,
Mpls.; $26.50-$19.50; 651-989-5151.

-- Rob Hubbard

Chris Whitley

In Texas, even white men get the blues. Maybe the blues lives with the bats in
Austin, under the bridges of the city and in the hearts of Texas natives. Or
maybe there's a secret blues-inducing ingredient in Shiner Bock beer. For
Houston native Chris Whitley, no matter how far he strays from home, whether
it's a fling with electronic music or a romp with jazz or a move to Belgium,
he's still deeply rooted in Texas blues. Whitley finds comfort there but takes
trips in his mind to explore space and time, bringing back little souvenirs that
turn traditional blues into colorful time-stretching daydreams on his latest
release, "Hotel Vast Horizon." Singer-songwriter Teitur opens. 8 p.m; 400 Bar;
400 Cedar Ave., Mpls.; $12; 612-332-2903.

-- Molly Priesmeyer

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Josh Pulman

Fiddle-dee-dee: Kevin Burke, the late Johnny Cunningham and Christian Lemaitre.
Did these guys have fun, or what?

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 June 13, 2003

Fiddlers Invited To Deserted Island Of Taransay For Workshop Week

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 367 words


The second annual Taransay traditional fiddle week will be held on the week
beginning July 21.  Taransay is a small uninhabited island off the coast of
Harris, and contains deserted beaches, clear-blue waters and beautiful scenery.

The island was the setting for the BBC TV series Castaway, in which cameras
followed volunteers who were castaways on the island for a year.

The accommodation pods have long since gone but the two houses and the steading
still remain and they will be a base for workshops and other events. Course
participants can also camp outside if they prefer.

As well as workshops there will be a golf championship, football, stepdancing,
historic walks, hillwalking, swim- ming, piano tuition, fiddle composition
classes, fiddle rhythm classes and Highland piping.

There will also be a lot of informal sessions.

All students will have the opportunity to attend any class they wish.

New features this year are piano tuition from the well- known piano player and
accordion player Andy Thorburn, who has played in Wolfstone, The Ghillies, and
Blazin Fiddles.

There will also be slow- play classes for traditional fiddle.

The confirmed tutors so far are Pete Cooper, who runs the London Fiddle School;
fiddle champion Patsy Reid from Perthshire; Alistair White from Lewis,
(Battlefield Band); Alan Henderson from Loch- aber, (Blazin Fiddles); stepdancer
Alison Macleod, In- verness, and Andy Thorburn, Ross-shire, (piano, Blazin
Fiddles).

Fiddle course work will be of traditional music and will include bowing
techniques, learning by ear, grace notes and such like.

It is hoped to have a ceilidh and then a dance in Tarbert Hall on Friday, July
25, with all students and tutors participating so all are welcome to a
fascinating array of talent that evening.

The fiddle school was a major success last year with over 40 students attending
from as far afield as California and Australia, so it is hoped that this year's
event will also be as popular.

Any fiddlers or piano players interested in attending the course are invited to
apply as soon as possible for a placement.

Further details can be found at the website: www.musicscotland.com/fiddlers.


LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2003 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            December 1, 2006 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Senior Sherry Mae Canono has won awards playing fiddle

BYLINE: By Michelle B. Mueller SPECIAL TO THE POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 332 words


When Sherry Mae Canono fiddles around, she means business. Her talent with the
fiddle has earned her ribbons and monetary awards in Illinois and Missouri.

Sherry Mae's father, Bill Seeck, convinced her to enter a fiddle contest when
she was 11. Since then, she has entered 15 more contests by playing hoedowns,
waltzes and songs of her choice.

She has earned second place twice in the junior division at the Missouri State
Fair and placed first in the same division in the Illinois Sate Fair. Last
month, she took first in the Wade Ray Fiddle Contest in Illinois.

Although she's been playing violin since she was 5, she says she enjoys jamming
with the fiddle.

"It's more casual and more laid-back," says Sherry Mae. "There's a country
feeling to it."

Although no one in her immediate family plays an instrument, she follows the
example of her paternal grandfather, who also played the fiddle.

In school, she plays violin in the school orchestra and was chosen for the
All-Suburban Orchestra. She also is involved in Student Venture, a Christian
outreach group. She is active in the youth group at Gethsemane Lutheran Church.

Sherry Mae maintains a grade-point average of about 3.6 with a grueling schedule
that includes college-level courses in English, precalculus and biology.

Sherry Mae lives in an unincorporated area of south St. Louis County with her
mother, Procesa Buettner, and stepfather, Mark Buettner.

Here's what Sherry Mae says:

What are you most proud of? "Improving in my academics and improving in music."

What's the most important lesson you've learned in high school? "Not to judge
others. I learned how to accept others and accept diversity."

The best books I ever read were: "Pride and Prejudice" by Jane Austen and
"October Sky" by Homer Hickam.

If I could spend an hour with anyone in the world, I would choose. "God, because
my faith is very important to me and is a big part of my life. I've grown up
with a lot of faithful people, and it has helped me become who I am."

Sherry Mae

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Spotlight on Education | Lindbergh high School

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            December 1, 2006 Friday
                                 SECOND EDITION

Senior Sherry Mae Canono has won awards playing fiddle

BYLINE: By Michelle B. Mueller SPECIAL TO THE POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 330 words


When Sherry Mae Canono fiddles around, she means business. Her talent with the
fiddle has earned her ribbons and monetary awards in Illinois and Missouri.

Sherry Mae's father, Bill Seeck, convinced her to enter a fiddle contest when
she was 11. Since then, she has entered 15 more contests by playing hoedowns,
waltzes and songs of her choice.

She has earned second place twice in the junior division at the Missouri State
Fair and placed first in the same division in the Illinois Sate Fair. Last
month, she took first in the Wade Ray Fiddle Contest in Illinois.

Although she's been playing violin since she was 5, she says she enjoys jamming
with the fiddle.

"It's more casual and more laid-back," says Sherry Mae. "There's a country
feeling to it."

Although no one in her immediate family plays an instrument, she follows the
example of her paternal grandfather, who also played the fiddle.

In school, she plays violin in the school orchestra and was chosen for the
All-Suburban Orchestra. She also is involved in Student Venture, a Christian
outreach group. She is active in the youth group at Gethsemane Lutheran Church.

Sherry Mae maintains a grade-point average of about 3.6 with a grueling schedule
that includes college-level courses in English, precalculus and biology.

Sherry Mae lives in an unincorporated area of south St. Louis County with her
mother, Procesa Buettner, and stepfather, Mark Buettner.

Here's what Sherry Mae says:

What are you most proud of? "Improving in my academics and improving in music."

What's the most important lesson you've learned in high school? "Not to judge
others. I learned how to accept others and accept diversity."

The best books I ever read were: "Pride and Prejudice" by Jane Austen and
"October Sky" by Homer Hickam.

If I could spend an hour with anyone in the world, I would choose. "God, because
my faith is very important to me and is a big part of my life. I've grown up
with a lot of faithful people, and it has helped me become who I am."

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Spotlight on Education | Lindbergh high School

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
PHOTO -  Sherry Mae

DOCUMENT-TYPE: PROFILE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                              June 26, 2016 Sunday

Young Topekans fiddle away a week of summer at camp

BYLINE: Bill Blankenship | bill.blankenship@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 901 words


Fiddling away a week of summer vacation can be more difficult than it sounds.

That is what the 14 members of the second annual Topeka Fiddle Camp discovered
June 13-18 as they learned how to add old-time fiddling skills to their more
classical methods of playing stringed instruments.

The tweens and teens spent mornings in the orchestra rooms of Washburn Rural
High School, 5900 S.W. 61st, learning to fiddle by ear and memorizing enough
tunes to play a 30-minute set they repeated twice at camp-ending concerts for
shoppers of the Downtown Topeka Farmers Market on the parking lot south of the
Kansas Judicial Center.

That is where, not that many years ago, Topeka Fiddle Camp founder Annalise Ohse
would busk on fiddle, accompanied on guitar by her father, David Ohse, who
teaches music in the Auburn-Washburn school system.

While it was her father who encouraged her to learn classical violin, Annalise
Ohse said her mother, Susan, told him, "She should really do some fiddling."

Annalise Ohse said her mother bought her some fiddling how-to books, "not the
traditional way you learn fiddling," and she heard good fiddling when her
parents took her and her sister, Lindsay, an operatic soprano, to the Walnut
Valley Festival in Winfield.

"I just grew up with a love of fiddling music," Annalise Ohse said. "I call
myself an imposter fiddler. I'm primarily a classical violinist, but I have a
love of folk and fiddle music, and I know just enough to be dangerous."

She won youth fiddle competitions as she continued her classical violin training
at the University of Texas at Austin and the Hartt School of Music in Hartford,
Conn., where she received her Suzuki teacher training, which she is continuing
in New York City at the School for Strings.

The idea of conducting a fiddle camp in Topeka came from her sister and roommate
in NYC.

"It was really fun. I loved it," said Ohse, who along with her father, taught
and supervised just five pupils at the camp they organized with only about a
month's lead time. This summer, the enrollment trebled with more notice to area
music teachers and youth instrumental groups.

Charles Edington, a 12-year-old Shawnee Heights Middle School seventh-grader,
and home-schooled Aiden Butcher, 12, said they learned about the camp in the
end-of-year Topeka Symphony Youth Ensembles newsletter. Both of them play in the
Topeka Symphony Debut Orchestra, and each was encouraged to take the camp by
their private violin teacher.

In Aiden's case, his teacher, Diane Gillenwater, knows a thing or two about
fiddling as she is the fiddler for Pastense and other area bluegrass and
acoustic music bands.

Both boys said they found fiddling camp a challenge due in large part to having
to learn music by ear instead of from sheet music as they were accustomed in
orchestra.

As the tunes got longer, "it takes a while to memorize," Charles said.

Hadassah Stevens, 11, a Wanamaker Elementary School sixth-grader, agreed.

"I'm so used to having the sheet music, and it's really hard trying to do it by
ear and not see all the notes," she said.

However, Hadassah said it was worth the effort.

"My mom wanted me to do fiddle, and I also thought it sounded fun, and it
actually has been fun but really challenging," she said.

"I throw a lot of music at them," said Annalise Ohse, who this year brought with
her another instructor, Mike Burnett, a professional fiddler she met in New York
City.

Unlike Ohse, who picked up fiddling after she began classical violin, Burnett
opted for fiddling when he was about 9 or 10, about the same time he moved from
his hometown of Nashville, Tenn., to western Massachusetts.

Teaching fiddle is a sideline for Burnett, who spends most of his time as a
fiddler in recording sessions or on the road with performers like bluegrass
guitarist Bryan Sutton or mandolinist David Grissman.

As for helping young players learn to listen to music, repeat it and memorize
it, Sutton said, "It's a good skill to have."

How quickly pupils learn varies, said David Ohse.

"Some of them learn it just like that," he said, snapping his fingers. "Others
struggle and struggle."

However, Annalise Ohse said by having the campers play in a group, she can set
the music level high as those who can't quite get down the main tune can
contribute to the overall sound by playing the bass line of chords or "chapping"
or "chunking" a percussive beat on their fiddle.

While the fiddle tunes might differ from the more classical ones the young
musicians will learn when they resume their private lessons or rejoin school
orchestras, fiddling should make them better violinists, or in the case of some
campers, violists, or a lone cellist, 13-year-old Avery Barkley, who will start
eighth grade this fall at Washburn Rural Middle School.

Both of the Ohses will be back in the classroom teaching and in Annalise Ohse's
case, furthering her training as a Suzuki teacher.

"I see a lot of similarities between the Suzuki method and traditional
fiddling," Annalise Ohse said. "The techniques might be different, but the
similarities are: everybody learns the same tunes, they play together, and they
learn by ear."

The other Topeka Fiddle Camp pupils were: Brianna Anderson, Meira Epperson,
Jacqueline Fair, Kyle Gillaspie, Kellan Huebner, Donna Jalosjos, Marta Johnston,
Manasvini Komandur, Rachel McGlasson and Jackson Taylor.

Inquiries about the camp can be made through its website at
www.topekafiddlecamp.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             January 7, 2007 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

STRING 'EM UP Competition reclaims the fiddle's rightful place as the music of
the West

BYLINE: Joey Bunch, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. C-04

LENGTH: 484 words


Dozens of competitive fiddlers Saturday morning drew bows across strings in a
makeshift practice hall at the National Western Complex right next to a display
of fowl.

The cacophony of sweet music was accompanied by the quack of ducks, the cluck of
chickens and the occasional rooster's cock-a-doodle at the National Western
Stock Show & Rodeo.

Livestock and strings is much the way authentic cowboy music has been performed
in the American West for a century and a half, historians say.

In the movies, cowpokes croon and strum guitars, but in the real West, they
played fiddles on the farms and danced up a storm.

"Fiddle music is cowboy music," said David Jackman, one of the organizers with
the Colorado Old Time Fiddlers Association competition.

The competition drew hundreds of fiddlers from eight to 80 from across the
country.

"When the cowboys came out West, they brought their fiddles with them," Jackman
said.

The competition began Saturday morning at 9 and continues until the awards
ceremony at 5 p.m. today.

All of the events are in the Beef Palace Auction Arena and are free with a
general admission to the stock show.

The fiddle competition was added five years ago because of music's rich heritage
in the West.

"Every American frontier was opened with the fiddle," said Guy Logsdon, a
retired University of Tulsa professor and cowboy folklore author of books and
scholarly articles on the topic.

The fiddle was an old country instrument, small enough to transport easily, yet
able to deliver a rich sound that would soothe livestock or light up a barn
dance. The guitar, meanwhile, was neither popular nor practical in the
19th-century American West, Logsdon said.

"It's real simple: The fiddle was the only instrument the cowboy had," said
Logsdon, whose family has fiddled for four generations. "If the nation had an
official folklore instrument designated by Congress, it would have to be the
fiddle."

The suggestion that Old West cowboys commonly serenaded the cattle makes Logsdon
laugh. He has interviewed hundreds of working cowboys during 30 years of
research.

"Most of the cowboys I've talked to don't have good voices," he said. "They
would start a stampede, not stop it."

Saturday morning, 10-year-old Macy Blatter of Englewood drew the honor of being
the first youth performer. Though she was a little nervous, she confessed later,
she delivered a near-flawless rendition of "San Antonio Rose."

Her history of the fiddle goes back to first grade, when a classical troupe came
to the Cherry Hills Village Elementary and accompanied a telling of "The
Tortoise and the Hare."

"I always wanted to play the fiddle after that," she said.

Last year, she finished fifth, but she's not in it for prizes, she said.

"It's just really fun, and if you mess up," she said, chickens in the background
of her tiny voice, "nobody cares."

Staff writer Joey Bunch can be reached at 303-523-7786 or jbunch@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             May 21, 2015, Thursday

VANDALIA GATHERING;
2015 SCHEDULE OF EVENTS

SECTION: GAZZ; Pg. P1D

LENGTH: 607 words


2015 schedule of events

The 2015 Vandalia Gathering, a free celebration of West Virginia's heritage and
longtime customs, will take place Friday through Sunday on the state Capitol
Complex grounds, in Charleston.

All activities are free.

Here are the scheduled events:

Friday

West Virginia State Theater, Culture Center

7 p.m.

New Family/Old Friends, Presentation of Juried Quilt Awards and Vandalia Award

With Bil Lepp, Marc Harshman, WV All-Star Bluegrass Band, Bill Hairston, David
O'Dell, Jesse Milnes, Tess Dillon, and Bob Smakula and Karl Smakula.

Saturday

Capitol Grounds and Great Hall, Culture Center

10:30 a.m.

Information and food booths, crafts circle, festival and arts sales

Great Hall

11 a.m. to 4 p.m.

Appalachian Heritage Dancing: music by Poteen. Featuring Vandalia Dancers,
Scottish Dancers, Irish Dancers.

Capitol Grounds

Old-Time for Young'uns

10:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Art activities, Young'uns heritage crafts with garden treasures and Leona Art.
Archeological dig. Storytelling. Birds of Prey. Craft demos.

Old-Time Stage

11 a.m. to 12 p.m. registration for fiddle contests

12 p.m. Senior Fiddle Contest

1 p.m. Concert with Fiddler's Galore

1:30 p.m. Awards for Senior Fiddle

1:45 p.m. Youth Fiddle Contest

2:45 p.m. Fiddle Contest

4:30 p.m. Concert with Hunter Walker

5 p.m. Youth Fiddle and Fiddle Awards

Dance Stage

Music by Mud Hole Control and Modock Rounders.

Callers Mack Samples, Lou Maiuri, Taylor Runner, Bill Ohse.

12 to 1:15 p.m. Open Dance Flat Foot

1:15 p.m. Old-Time Square Dance

3:30 p.m. Open Dance Flat Foot

Circle Stage

11 a.m. to 12 p.m. Registration for banjo and mandolin

12 p.m. Bluegrass Banjo Contest

1:30 p.m. Concert with Andrew Kidd

2 p.m. Bluegrass Banjo Awards

2:30 p.m. Mandolin Contest

4 p.m. Concert with Trevor Hammons

4:15 p.m. Mandolin Awards

4:30 p.m. Concert with Steadfast

Norman L. Fagan West Virginia State Theater

6:30 p.m.

Memorial Tribute to Lester McCumbers with Dwight Diller, Elmer Rich, John and
Marvine Loving, Frank George, Charlie Myers, Teddy Vaughn and Samples Brothers.

Sunday

Capitol Grounds and Great Hall, Culture Center

10:30 a.m

Information and food booths, crafts circle, festival and artist sales.

Great Hall

12 p.m.

Appalachian Heritage Dancing

Music by Poteen. Featuring Vandalia Dancers, Scottish Dancers, West Virginia 4-H
Dance Ambassadors, Irish Dancers.

Capitol Grounds

Old-Time for Young'uns

12 to 5 p.m.

Art activities, Young'uns heritage crafts with garden treasures and Leona Art.
Archeological dig. Storytelling. Birds of Prey. Craft demos.

Old Time Stage

11 a.m. to 12:15 p.m. Gospel Sing with Angie Richardson

11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Registration (60 and over) Senior Old-Time Banjo, Lap
Dulcimer, (Under 60) Old-Time Banjo.

12:30 p.m. Senior Banjo Contest

1:30 p.m. Concert with Jim Mullins

1:45 p.m. Senior Banjo Contest Awards

2 p.m. Lap Dulcimer Contest

3:15 p.m. Concert with George Daugherty

3:30 p.m. Lap Dulcimer Awards

3:45 p.m. Old-Time Banjo Contest

5:15 p.m. Old-Time Banjo Contest Awards

West Virginia State Theater

1:30 to 2:30 p.m. Registration for Liars Contest

1:30 p.m. Storytelling with Bil Lepp, Adam Booth and Cat Pleska.

2:30 p.m. Liars Contest.

Dance Stage

Music by Born Old and Juanita Fireball and the Continental Drifters

Callers Mack Samples, Lou Maiuri, Steve Ballman

12 to 1:15 p.m. Open Dance Flat Foot

1:15 p.m. Old-Time Square Dances

3:30 p.m. Open Dance Flat Foot

Circle Stage

12 to 1 p.m. Registration for Flat Pick Guitar and Youth Flat Pick Guitar
Contests

12:30 p.m. Concert with Darrell Murray

1 p.m. Youth Flat Pick Guitar Contest

2 p.m. Concert with Roger Bryant

2:30 p.m. Flat Pick Guitar Contest

4 p.m. Youth Flat Pick and Flat Pick Guitar Awards

4:15 p.m. Concert with Buck & Company

- Bill Lynch

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             April 10, 2005 Sunday
                                 Valley Edition

Small fry make the notes fly;
Young fiddlers at regional contest perform with enthusiasm and joy

BYLINE: Jody Lawrence-Turner Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 601 words


The 5-year-old girl tapped her pink cowboy boots in time with her fiddle playing
as she performed Saturday at the 37th annual Northwest Regional Fiddle Contest
for the first time.

Elk, Wash., resident Macy Morgan was the youngest participant at this weekend's
competition held at East Valley High School. The competition continues today.

More than 100 fiddlers gathered to play their way into eight spots at the
national competition this June in Weiser, Idaho.

Macy, just like all fiddlers in the competition, had to play three songs in four
minutes for the judges. The selections had to include a hoedown, a waltz and a
song of their choice. She played "Cripple Creek," "Edelweiss" and "Grandfather's
Clock."

Not only can the young lady play the latter song on the fiddle, she can also
sing it by request, which she did for family and friends during the lunch break.

Macy started taking fiddle lessons in October from JayDean Ludiker, a well-known
music instructor who holds lessons for about 80 children per week, 10 to 12 of
which are under the age of 6.

"It's really fun," Ludiker said of teaching the children under 6 years old.
"They are just like little sponges. They learn from visuals, from watching how I
play.

"Macy is doing above average," Ludiker said of the young girl's musical ability.
"She loves doing it. It is her attitude that makes it."

The 5-year-old said her favorite part about playing the fiddle is "where I get
to move my fingers fast."

Macy competed Saturday in the Small Fry division with 15 other children under 7.
Small Fry was one of seven age-based divisions in the contest. The other
divisions are championship, senior, young adult, adult, junior and
junior-junior.

Macy didn't make the cut for the national championship this year, however, she
didn't walk away empty-handed.

The little girl with pink ribbons accenting each of her blond pigtails
proclaimed, "I won," after she and the oldest competitor, 87-year-old Mary
Sharp, received commemorative glasses for their respective ages as participants
in the contest.

Macy's joy about her "trophy" delighted spectators who chuckled as the young
lady ran to show it off to her mom.

Sharp, a veteran fiddle player, said her one piece of advice to Macy was to
"enjoy yourself."

The fiddle-playing children appeared to be doing just that.

Ed Miller, an organizer of the fiddle contest and father of another Small Fry
participant, said it's great to see young children interested in playing an
instrument and parents are fortunate that the Spokane-area is rich with talented
fiddlers.

Drew, Miller's son, decided when he was 3 years old that he wanted to start
playing the fiddle. He'd even picked the genre - bluegrass, Miller said.

Drew, now 5, competed in the Northwest Regional Fiddle Contest for his second
year in a row.

Miller plays guitar during the contest to accompany his son on the fiddle. He
said that while he's on stage panicking, his son has an unwavering confidence
and nerves of steel.

"Don't you wish that confidence never went away," Macy's mom remarked.

Macy also has the no-fear attitude and a passion for her newly discovered
musical ability.

When she was asked how long she plans to keep playing the fiddle, her answer was
"all the way, even when I grow up."

SIDEBAR:

IF YOU GO

FIDDLE CONTEST

The 37th annual Northwest Regional Fiddle Contest continues at 9 a.m. and 1 p.m.
today at East Valley High School, 15711 E. Wellesley Ave. The competition is
open to the public. Single performances cost $8 for adults, $7 for students and
seniors, and free for those under 5. For more information, call (509) 228-9030.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                            October 9, 2008 Thursday

Hot new band swings at Symposium

BYLINE: The Quebe Sisters Band simply stopped me in my tracks when I heard them
the first time. Their blend of swing with a dash of contemporary color is unique
in today's music world. They project a cannonball of stage presence and man, can
they play.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT FP; Entertainment

LENGTH: 577 words


- Jimmy Buffett

The Quebe Sisters are some of the most talented people I've ever met. They do
Texas proud. They live in Texas, sound like Texas and they're prettier than
Texas Bluebonnets, and sweeter than sugar cane. I love the Quebe Sisters Band.

- Ricky Skaggs

Reactions like these are the same wherever the Fort Worth-based Quebe Sisters
Band goes - and they have been around, to concert halls, festivals, cowboy
gatherings and rodeos across North America, as well as The Kennedy Center, the
Grand Ole Opry and New York's Lincoln Center. Concert performances from Canada
to California and Austin to Boston to Bangor, Maine, include shows with Ricky
Skaggs and Kentucky Thunder, Asleep at the Wheel, Merle Haggard, Riders in the
Sky and The Reno Philharmonic.

When Grace, Sophia and Hulda Quebe (pronounced kway-bee) take to a stage,
audiences marvel - first at the sight of three young girls ready to please. When
they raise their fiddles and play, audiences marvel again at the intricacy of
the sound issuing forth. When the girls sing their vintage-style three-part
harmony, audiences are blown away. Add the rhythm guitar of Joey McKenzie and
the upright bass of Drew Phelps, and the Quebe Sisters band becomes a force of
nature. The Quebe Sisters Band appears at the Lincoln County Cowboy Symposium
this year for the first time, and audiences are sure to be pleased they made a
point to catch the band's performances.

Since their musical journey began in 1998, Grace, Sophia and Hulda Quebe have
been covering a lot of ground. In the beginning, the girls started taking fiddle
lessons from Sherry McKenzie and later from Joey McKenzie (the band's guitar
player), learning traditional Texas-style fiddling.

From the start, all three sisters demonstrated astonishing talent and
determination and a real love of music. Shortly thereafter, the girls began
entering fiddle contests and had success early on; winning several State,
regional and National fiddle championships.

The Quebes' musical repertoire has since grown to include a wide variety of
traditional styles, especially Western swing, hot jazz and swing standards,
Western and cowboy songs, vintage country and bluegrass. In addition to their
fiddling, the girls enjoy the challenge of singing vintage-style 3-part harmony.

Timeless, the band's debut album on FiddleTone Records, features the Sons' "Red
River Valley" along with Duke Ellington's "Take the 'A' Train," Spade Cooley's
"Shame on You" and Hoagy Carmichael and Stuart Gorrell's "Georgia on My Mind" -
just what is promised: a collection of band members' favorite tunes by their
favorite artists, given the QSB-style golden touch.

The band comes to the Lincoln County Cowboy Symposium with two new awards in
hand: 2007 group/duo of the year from the Academy of Western Artists and the
2007 Crescendo Award from the Western Music Association.

As fast as a Texas fiddle breakdown, the Quebe sisters went from watching a
fiddle contest and falling in love with real fiddle music to lessons with both
band-mate-to-be and three-time world champion fiddler McKenzie and his wife
Sherry, to winning state, regional and national fiddle championships to singing
together - finding themselves gloriously talented, loving it and joyful to share
it with others.

Don't miss the band, onstage today at 11:30 a.m. on the Ray Reed Stage, 1:30
p.m. on the Three Rivers Stage, and back to the Ray Reed Stage at 5 p.m.

Catch the first one, and you'll want to see them all.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Parry Sound North Star

                              March 3, 2017 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Carling's Terry Little makes Northern Ontario music hall of fame

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 234  words


CARLING TWP. - Carling's very own fiddler Terry Little made the country music
hall of fame.

Little is the first musician from the Parry Sound District to make the Northern
Ontario Country Music Hall of Fame when inducted on Nov. 5, 2016 in Sault Ste.
Marie.

Terry came from a large, musical family and while he plays several instrument he
was 10 when he tackled the fiddle, and instrument has hasn't seemed to set it
down since.

"It's a hard instrument to play, but it was one of the first instruments brought
(to Canada) with the Irish and the Scotts, it would be nice to keep it going,"
said Little. "Everyone that came over here, went in the logging camps took a
fiddle with them. My father was a fiddler and he took his fiddle with him.
Fiddle, guitar, banjo are the standard and every household had a piano in it -
everyone."

Little has a list of accomplishments that include being the organizer of the
annual Autumn Fiddlefest, recipient of the 2015 Order of Parry Sound, and
Outstanding Achievement award from the 2014 Chelmsford Fiddle and Stepdance
competition where he placed second against 18 competitors.

He has taught may how to fiddle for no fee, performs at fall fairs, for the
cruise ship Pearl Mist when it docks and fundraising events, and is a stable
with his band at old-age homes in Parry Sound

He's now considering a wall of fame in Parry Sound to recognize the musical
talent in the region.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 9, 2011 Sunday

10-year-old has Fiddle King dreams

BYLINE: Holly Hollman, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 723 words


Oct. 09--ATHENS -- Faded freckles dotted a face frozen in concentration while
one hand sawed away on a fiddle.

With one booted foot propped on the other during his practice performance, Caleb
Bryant of Northport awed listeners as he strummed out challenging tunes like
"Chancellor's Waltz."

It was one of the tunes Caleb played to make the finals for beginning fiddler at
the 45th annual Tennessee Valley Old Time Fiddlers Convention at Athens State
University on Saturday.

Caleb is only 10, but the guitar player accompanying him, Rob Pearcy of Smyrna,
Tenn., said Caleb played the waltz "better than the fellow who wrote it."

"I used to watch Big Pop play," Caleb said, referring to his great-grandfather.
"I was 3 1/2 or 4 when I started. I thought it was going to be weird, and then I
started liking it a lot."

Now Caleb practices fiddle daily with his grandfather, Charles Bryant, whom he
calls Poppy.

"He plays by ear, and he's starting to learn to read music," Charles Bryant
said. "He can sit down at the piano and pick out a song, and he's teaching
himself to play mandolin."

Caleb and his grandfather play in a band called Crimson Grass, so the youngster
is used to crowds. Fiddlers, however, has more than a crowd. The two-day event,
which ended Saturday night, draws 15,000 to 20,000 spectators and musicians.

"I'm not nervous," Caleb said, as he practiced in the hallway of Founders Hall
for the contest finals. "I'm used to it now."

During the finals, Caleb displayed no jitters and finished in second in the 11
to 15 year old category, making his grandfather gush with pride.

"For a 10-year-old to finish second among the players you have here, we couldn't
have asked for a better day," Bryant said.

Caleb, who also enjoys karate and football, plans to keep playing the fiddle and
eventually competing for the convention's top honor. He would like to one day
wear the Fiddle King title, which is the title won during the Fiddle Off.

The junior level and senior level winners compete to earn that distinction.

Tapping his bow on the toe of his boot, Caleb continued to ponder about the
Fiddle King honor.

"A Fiddle King?" he asked. "Yeah. That would be nice."

Partial list of winners from Fiddlers Convention

Harmonica: First place, Isaac Vick, Lyels, Tenn.; second, Robert "Bambo Bob"
Perdue, Luverne; third, Jim Owens, Deatsville; fourth Tommy Bounds, Sylacauga;
and fifth, Ken Tenpenny, Murfreesboro, Tenn.

Mandolin: First, Joel Whittinghill, Bowling Green, Ky.; second, Tyler Andal,
White House, Tenn.; third, Bobby Nobley, La Grange, Ga.; fourth, Rob Pearcy,
Smyrna, Tenn.; fifth, David Akins, Fort Payne.

Bluegrass banjo: First, Weston Stewart, Anderson; second, Jody Hughes, Canton,
Ga.; third, Allen Watkins, Hartselle; fourth, Joey Gibson, Manchester, Tenn.;
and fifth, Sarah Ward, Columbia, Tenn.

Dobro: First, Damion Kidd, Elkmont; second, Rob Pearcy, Smyrna, Tenn.; third,
Jackie Wilson, Athens; fourth, Steven Smiley, Harvest; and fifth, Tony Mims,
Jr., Elkmont.

Dulcimer: First, Bobby Nobley, La Grange, Ga.; second, Rob Pearcy, Smyrna,
Tenn.; third, Tommy Bounds, Sylacauga; fourth, Homer Osborne, Harvest; and
fifth, Tyler Andal, White House, Tenn.

Old-time singing: First, Charlie Hunter and Duncan Blair, Birmingham; second,
Jack Horner and Anna Pennesi, Franklin, Tenn.; third, Ray Rogers, Lynchburg,
Tenn.; fourth, Brittany Cash, Danville; and fifth, Frannie and Cara DiGiovanni,
Greenbrier, Tenn.

Beginning fiddler for 10 and younger: First, Matthew Lin, Lexington, Ky.;
second, Jaelee Roberts, Murfreesboro, Tenn.; third, Benjamin Lin, Lexington,
Ky.; fourth, Elijah Miller, Hanceville; and fifth, Christina Joneikis, Shreve,
Ohio.

Guitar finger picking: First, Jerry Miller, Athens; second, Chris Casbarro,
Young Harris, Ga.; third, Patrick Lowery, Brewton; fourth, Ken Hinkle, Madison.

Old-time banjo: First, Jim Holland, Athens; second, Van Burchfield, Nashville,
Tenn.; third, Thomas Hale, Andalusia; fourth, Charlie Hunter, Birmingham; and
fifth, Laura Vines, Homewood.

Guitar flat picking: First, Rob Pearcy, Smyrna, Tenn.; second, Joel
Whittinghill, Bowling Green, Ky.; third, Jesse Turner, Logan; fourth, Aaron
Clegg, Monroe, Ga.; and fifth, Adam Chouning, Greenbrier, Tenn.

___ (c)2011 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111009-DD-10-year-old-has-Fiddle-King-dreams-1009-20111009

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2011 The Decatur Daily


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Picayune Item (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 5, 2013 Monday

Jenkins: 2013 Fiddle Champ

BYLINE: Jodi Marze, Picayune Item, Miss.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 543 words


Aug. 05--PICAYUNE -- Thomas Jenkins, Picayune native and 2002 graduate of
Picayune Memorial High School, won the 2013 Louisiana State Fiddle Championship,
on July 20, which was held in Nachitoches, La.

"It was my first time to compete in the competition. You had to get through two
rounds by playing three tunes in first round and two in second. I played some
traditional tunes," said Jenkins.

Competition was fierce at the event and his win was no sure thing, in spite of
his skill and talent.

"They score us on tone, rhythm, timing and skill. There were several really good
players, I didn't win by a large margin, I got first place in one round by one
point.

"It was hard practicing for the competition with my full-time job with the Wes
Loper Band. I took a week off prior to the competition to polish up my music."

The youngest of four, Jenkins encountered his first musical instrument at age
five, when his brother Patrick was teaching him the first eight notes from the
theme of their favorite movie, "Top Gun."

He was a fast learner and requested a violin for Christmas at age eight. At age
nine, he took lessons from his first violin teacher, Kay Lafferty, for about six
months. He was later taught by Ann Ulrich for a year and a half.

Jenkins branched out into other forms of music around age 11.

His mother, Linda Jenkins, said, "He began to play fiddle tunes he heard on the
radio by ear. His first fiddle influence was Doug Kershaw's rendition of 'Orange
Blossom Special.' His goal was to play the song faster than Kershaw -- a goal
that was met long ago. Soon he was learning songs by Garth Brooks, George
Strait, Alan Jackson and the like. He played the songs over and over, learning
to match the fiddle parts. He gradually learned to fiddle along with the radio,
even if there wasn't a fiddle part. If no radio was around, he made up his own
tunes."

His mother said Jenkins learned to play French horn in 6th grade band. He went
on to be first chair in high school and won competitions with the Mississippi
Lion's Band for two years. He also played orchestral violin and was principal
and concertmaster in Slidell's branch of the Greater New Orleans Youth
Orchestra. He later became principal horn in the main New Orleans Youth
Orchestra.

"I graduated from Picayune Memorial High School and received a horn scholarship
to the University of Southern Mississippi in 2002. During this time, I also
played horn and violin in the Meridian Symphony Orchestra," said Jenkins.

"I have spent many years playing with experienced, traditional fiddlers and
musicians throughout the South. He has played on television and toured with
several bands nationally, including Hank Williams impersonator, David Church. He
has also opened for Bob Seger, in Birmingham, Ala."

Even as he has excelled and performed, he has continued his education in music.

"Thomas has taken lessons with two prominent, country fiddlers: Aubrey Haynie
and Buddy Spicher," said Linda Jenkins.

"My motto is do something today that you couldn't do yesterday. You have to
raise your own bar and not worry about what everyone else is doing," said
Jenkins.

___ (c)2013 the Picayune Item (Picayune, Miss.) Visit the Picayune Item
(Picayune, Miss.) at picayuneitem.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130805-YP-Jenkins-2013-Fiddle-Champ-0805-20130805

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YP


                          Copyright 2013 Picayune Item


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              Grayson County News Gazette (Leitchfield, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Freedom and Fiddling plays on

BYLINE: Nicole Ethier, Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 499 words


July 22--Intermittent drizzle kept the morning crowds low at the 2014 Freedom
and Fiddling Festival. However, by the afternoon, more people braved the weather
to enjoy the festivities.

The Twin Lakes National Fiddler Championship began Saturday, July 19 with the
opening of vendor booths and the start of the competition. The festival also
hosted a car show, small carnival rides, and trolley trips around the square.

While the fiddling contest progressed through various instruments and divisions,
many musicians organized impromptu jam sessions all around Courthouse Square.

Wayne Head, a resident of Hugo, Oklahoma, was in Leitchfield for the first time
for Saturday's championship.

"This is my first one and it's really nice," he said.

Wayne was joined on the courthouse steps by his friend and fellow musician Ron
Adams, of Shepherdsville, Ky. The two friends utilize events such as the Freedom
and Fiddling Festival to play together -- something they rarely get a chance to
do.

Leitchfield Tourism Director Ilsa Johnson said the event saw a good turnout even
though the numbers were down from last year.

Johnson attributes the decrease to the rain and the fireworks' being held on
Friday as opposed to Saturday. Contestant numbers, however, were the same as
last year, with 125 participants representing 14 states.

The festival and fiddlers championship progressed throughout the day, beginning
with the youth divisions and ending with the bluegrass bands.

The first place winners in each contest category are as follows:

In the Small Fry Fiddle category, ages 8 and under, David Lin, of Lexington,
Kentucky won 1st place.

In the Junior Junior Fiddle category, ages 9-12, and the Junior Dancing
category, ages 16 and under, Ivy Phillips, of Chapmansboro, Tennessee, won 1st
place.

In the Junior Fiddle category, ages 13-17, Harrison Schumann, of San Antonio,
Texas, won 1st place.

In the Young Adult Fiddle category, ages 18-39, Doug Fleener, of Leitchfield,
Kentucky, won 1st place. Fleener was also the Championship Fiddle-Off winner.

In the Adult Fiddle category, ages 40-59, Joel Whittinghill, of Bowling Green,
Kentucky, won 1st place.

In the Senior Fiddle category, ages 65 and over, Richard Harness, of Stover,
Missouri, won 1st place.

In the Guitar and Mandolin categories, Tyler Andal, of White House, Tennessee,
won 1st place.

In the Banjo category, Weston Stewart, of Anderson, Alabama, won 1st place.

In the Bluegrass Band category, Higher Ground, of Bowling Green, Kentucky, won
1st place.

In the Adult Dancing category, ages 17-40, Melanie Belfiore, of Rineyville,
Kentucky, won both 1st and 2nd place.

In the Senior Dancing category, ages 41 and over, Dana Crowley, of Franklin,
Tennessee, won 1st place.

Judges for this year's Twin Lakes National Fiddler Championship were Dan Kelly,
Justin Branum and Matt Wyatt.

___ (c)2014 the Grayson County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) Visit the Grayson
County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) at www.gcnewsgazette.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140722-SY-Freedom-and-Fiddling-plays-on-0722-20140722

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SY


                   Copyright 2014 Grayson County News Gazette


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             June 3, 2010, Thursday

Performers, others honored at Vandalia

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5D

LENGTH: 794 words


West Virginia's champion old-time musicians competed this past weekend during
the state Division of Culture and History's 34th annual Vandalia Gathering,
along with the best liars and cooks that competed in baking contests.

The gathering is a free celebration of the traditional arts, music, dance,
stories, crafts and foods of West Virginia. The statewide folk festival is named
for the proposed 14th colony.

The Liars Contest regularly draws standing room-only crowds. Goldenseal, the
magazine of West Virginia traditional life, hosts the event and publishes the
winning stories each year.

The Vandalia Award, West Virginia's highest folk life honor, was presented to
Robert Taylor of St. Albans.

Taylor is a fiddler, judge and old-time festival coordinator for the Vandalia
Gathering. He and his band, Kanawha Tradition, also performed Friday during a
concert at the state Culture Center.

Taylor is a fourth-generation West Virginia fiddler whose many playing styles
include old-time and contest fiddling. He got his early start from family
members, including his father, Lincoln Taylor, as well as other West Virginia
master musicians such as the legendary Clark Kessinger and Mike Humphreys, both
of whom lived near where he grew up in Dunbar.

As a judge, Taylor has participated in the Tennessee, Ohio, Kentucky and West
Virginia state championships and is a regular at the Galax, Va., Fiddlers
Convention. From 2006 to 2009, he judged the Grand Master Fiddle Championship in
Nashville, Tenn. He also has judged the 2007 Western Open Fiddle Championship in
Red Bluff, Calif.; the 2006 to 2008 Jana Jae's Grand Lake National Fiddle
Festival in Grove, Okla.; and the 2008 Grand National Fiddle Championship in
Weiser, Idaho.

Currently, Taylor performs with the bands Kanawha Tradition and Big Country. He
also was a band member in The Teays Valley Boys, The Dave Morris Band, The
Sweeney Brothers Band and The Green Meadow String Band. He has released several
CD recordings including Kanawha Tradition, Half Past Four, with banjo and guitar
player Andrew Dunlap, and Ragged Shirt, among others.

Taylor also serves as manager of the West Virginia State Archives and History
Library.

Other winners follow, in order of award from first:

-Youth old-time fiddle, age 15 and under - Ray Cossin of Mount Alto, Emily
Rhodes of Nitro, Nate Schoettker of Tornado.

-Old-time fiddle, age 59 and under - John Cochran of Elkins, Darrell Murray of
Charleston, Ben Townsend of Martinsburg, Ray Cossin of Mount Alto, Rebecca
McClung of Parkersburg.

-Senior old-time fiddle, age 60 and above - Gerald Milnes of Elkins, Lester
McCumbers of Nicut, John Morris of Ivydale, Elmer Rich of Morgantown, Jim
Mullins of St. Albans.

-Mandolin, all ages - Luke Shamblin of Elkview, Brandon Shuping of Williamson,
Dan Kessinger of St. Marys, Joshua Brown of Summersville, David Asti of
Morgantown.

-Bluegrass banjo, all ages - Andrew Kidd of Hurricane, Logan Browning of
Summersville, Blaine Johnson of Beaver, Jim Gabehart of Hamlin, David Asti of
Morgantown.

-Baking - pound cake, all ages - Shonnette Koontz of South Charleston, Mary
Casto of Buffalo, Lynda Middleton of Elkview.

-Baking - homemade biscuits, all ages - Judy Grigoraci of Charleston, Lydia
Hager of Kenna, Valerie Burgraf of Elkview, Lydia Hager of Kenna.

-Baking - homemade biscuits, ages 15 and under - Lydia Hager, Kenna

-Jams/preserves, all ages - Ella Hoffman of South Charleston, Carmen Wilson of
East Lynn, Wyatt Chapman of Charleston.

-Jams/preserves, age 15 and under - Wyatt Chapman of Charleston.

-Youth lap dulcimer, age 15 and under - Will Manahan of Elkview, Makayla
Straughter of Charleston, Glen Smakula of Montrose.

-Lap dulcimer, all ages - Hunter Walker of Beckley, Will Manahan of Elkview,
Alan Freeman of Renick, Bob Smakula of Elkins, Emily Pritchard of Beckley.

-Old-time banjo, age 59 and under - Tim Bing of Huntington, David O'Dell of
Glenville, Bob Smakula of Elkins, Chad Ashworth of Nitro, Dennis Ott of
Ronceverte.

-Senior old-time banjo, age 60 and above - Gerald Milnes of Elkins, John Morris
of Ivydale, Ken Sheller of Elkins, Steve Harrison of St. Albans, Ted Samples of
Harrisville.

-Youth flat pick guitar, age 15 and under - Logan Jones of Charleston, Jonathan
Digiulian of Mount Hope, Zack Myers of Charleston.

-Flat pick guitar, all ages - Adam Hager of Kenna, Dan Kessinger of St. Marys,
Logan Jones of Charleston, Swanagan Ray of Ripley, Richard Adkins of Cross
Lanes.

-Biggest liar - Connor Sorrells of Charleston (first place and Goldenseal
magazine's Golden Shovel award); Adam Booth of Shepherdstown, John Smith of
Meadow Creek.

-Biggest liar, age 15 and under - Noah Lepp of Charleston.

DAILY MAIL FILE PHOTO

Will Manahan, 8, of Elkview won first place in the category of youth lap
dulcimer, age 15 and under.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Fiddle-icious in Concert: Topsham, ME

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: New York



 Augusta: The State of Maine has issued the following news release:



       October 15

     The Orion Performing Arts Center , Topsham

     October 15, 2016

     Categories: Live Music: Traditional , Dance and Music, Kids & Family



 Event Details



     October 15, 2016

     7:30 pm - 9:30 pm

     Kids 12 and under free, $5 Students/ $10 Adults

     Tickets available at the door, also.



     Get Tickets



 Venue



     The Orion Performing Arts Center

     66 Republic Ave

     Topsham, ME 04086

     (207) 879-2244

     info@fiddleicious.com

     http://www.orionperformingartscenter.org/index.html



 Event Description

 Fiddle-icious, Maine 's Largest Fiddle Orchestra



 Join Fiddle-icious, a non-profit, all volunteer community orchestra with
members from Kittery to Augusta, as they take to the stage to share their
uplifting music. Fiddle-icious is a large and vibrant group of Maine musicians
playing fiddle, piano, harp, guitar, banjo, accordion, cello, tin whistle,
concertina and upright bass. Their tunes are passed on from the Irish, Scottish,
Quebecois and Acadian traditions and include reels, jigs, marches, hornpipes,
waltzes, step-dancing and singing.

 Event presented by:



     Fiddle-icious

     (207) 879-2244

     info@fiddleicious.com

     http://fiddleicious.com /



 Artist/Group Info:



     Fiddle-icious

     info@fiddleicious.com

     http://fiddleicious.com /



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 21, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Have-to-Have-It Houseplant

BYLINE: By STEVEN KURUTZ

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Style Desk; NOTED; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 962 words


Michelle Slatalla, the editor in chief of the blog Gardenista, has called it
''the houseplant equivalent of a newborn.''

Brad Sherman, an interior designer in New York, thinks they have a
''prehistoric, Dr. Seuss feel.''

Summer Thornton, a designer in Chicago who often uses them in projects to make a
space feel younger and fresher, said they are ''not your mother's ficus.''

And Daniel Kanter, who writes the blog Manhattan Nest, said, ''They read as a
statement plant.''

What are they talking about? Ficus lyrata, a species native to western Africa,
where it grows in lowland rainforests. But more commonly, it's known as the
fiddle-leaf fig -- the ''it'' potted plant of the moment.

Every era has its trendy houseplant. In the 1950s and '60s, it was the African
violet. In the '70s, it was spider plants trailing out of macramé hangers. In
the '80s and early '90s, it was the potted ficus. The aughts gave rise to mossy
plants in terrariums and glass jars.

This decade belongs, undeniably, to the fiddle-leaf fig.

Open the latest issue of Elle Decor or Architectural Digest and you will likely
spot a fiddle-leaf fig, often potted in white lacquer boxes in minimally
furnished white-walled rooms. Go into any Céline boutique and you will find one
there, too, for the fiddle-leaf has become the unofficial-official plant of the
French luxury brand.

Marimekko installed huge fiddle-leafs, which can grow to 10 feet tall, in its
headquarters in Finland. So did the online mattress retailer Casper when the
company furnished its first office.

Mr. Sherman, who designed the Casper offices, said he first noticed the fiddle
-leaf fig five years ago on interior design blogs. He was struck by its
sculptural quality: thin trunk; big, lush leaves; the perfect balance of volume
and negative space, structure and whimsy. He began using the plants for every
project.

''Sourcing good-looking plants for interiors was always challenging,'' Mr.
Sherman said. ''Some of them are too waxy, there's not a lot of character. The
fiddle-leaf broke the mold.''

Indeed, designers love them because they have scale, work with a range of styles
from modern to granny chic and seem to magically transform any room.

''You can plop it in a dead corner and suddenly everything comes to life,'' said
Miles Redd, who dressed up the solarium of a California home he designed that
was featured in Architectural Digest with six-foot-tall flanking fiddle-leafs.

Said Ms. Thornton: ''I think that sets them apart from a palm or a ficus. Those
plants don't have the same pop or dramatic impact as a fiddle-leaf fig.''

Fiddle-leaf figs have been around for years. But the plant's current stardom may
best be explained by something Mr. Kanter discovered. After seeing them online
and in social media, he took to his blog in 2012 to proclaim, ''I wanted
desperately to get in on the Fiddle club.''

Mr. Kanter did buy a fiddle-leaf fig, spending $100 for a five-foot-tall plant
at a high-end nursery in Brooklyn. He brought it to his home in Kingston, N.Y.
He soon realized why bloggers and Instagrammers and Pinterest users are so
enamored with fiddle-leafs: They are organic matter ideally suited for digital
sharing.

''They look really good in a picture,'' Mr. Kanter said, adding that he
encounters fiddle-leafs way more on the Internet than in real life.

For Ms. Slatalla, the gardening editor, the appeal of a fiddle-leaf fig is more
primal. The large, glossy leaves, as she once wrote in a post on Gardenista, are
similar to the big round eyes of a baby.

''It makes you want to take care of it,'' Ms. Slatalla said. ''People tend to
anthropomorphize this plant in ways they don't with others.''

And just like a newborn, the fiddle-leaf fig is a finicky, delicate organism.
While some would have you believe they are hardy and easy to care for, many
owners, including Ms. Slatalla, have found the opposite to be true.

''It's funny that a plant that is so hard to keep alive has become so popular,''
she said, explaining that her fiddle-leaf fig never found the right spot in her
home and ''died of neglect.''

At the Casper offices, the fiddle-leaf Mr. Sherman installed died within weeks,
replaced by 11 more before a winning care regimen was found (indirect light,
away from the radiators).

''If you move them, they don't respond well,'' Mr. Sherman said. ''If they're in
direct sunlight, the leaves will burn and shed. They're very emotional plants.''

Hadley Peterson, a landscape designer, has kept the fiddle-leaf fig in her New
Jersey home alive for 10 years and has seen it grow lush and tall. But she
almost lost it after a move, and she knows avid gardeners who couldn't keep them
alive.

''I think it has a lot to do with the air in the room,'' Ms. Peterson said. ''I
keep my house at 68 degrees. But also it's the light. It gets indirect covered
light coming from a sun porch.''

She added, as if describing a temperamental child: ''It doesn't do well if you
let it sit in water. You've got to let it drain.''

Ms. Thornton tells her clients that, even if their fiddle-leaf lasts a year or
less, it's still cheaper and more dynamic than having weekly floral arrangements
brought in. And with its newfound popularity, prices in many areas have gone
down while availability has increased.

So much so that Mr. Kanter has noticed fiddle-leaf figs being sold at a
grocery-store chain near his upstate New York home for $30. It's evidence that
the plant may have hit peak popularity, and be in for a backlash.

Mr. Kanter doesn't care: ''I still love them. I think they're really versatile
style-wise.''

He has since bought two more.

Continue following our fashion and lifestyle coverage on Facebook (Styles and
Modern Love), Twitter (Styles, Fashion, and Vows), and Instagram.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/21/fashion/fiddle
-leaf-fig-plants-design.html

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: A fiddle-leaf fig plant dominates a corner of a showroom
designed by Brad Sherman. The plant, also known as Ficus lyrata, is a native of
western Africa. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY JAMES RANSOM
 DEAGOSTINI/GETTY IMAGES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           February 21, 2002 Thursday

Marshall to give fiddle lecture at UIS

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 204 words


"The Fiddle in Midwest History," a brown bag lecture by Howard Marshall,
professor emeritus of art history and archaeology at the University of
Missouri-Columbia, will be presented from noon to 1 p.m. Friday in the Visual
Arts Gallery at the University of Illinois at Springfield.

The lecture, as well as the demonstration/workshop and reception to immediately
follow, will be free and open to the public. Marshall will discuss the history
of traditional fiddle music in the Midwest from the time of early European
settlers to the present, and the historic origins (British, German, American)
and social contexts of fiddle tunes and fiddle performances. The lecture will be
illustrated by brief demonstrations of fiddle tunes played by Marshall and
guitarist Kenny Applebee.

Following the lecture, there will be an informal demonstration/workshop and a
reception.

Later that evening, Marshall and Applebee will join area musicians to play for a
square dance beginning at 8 in the Great Room at UIS' Lincoln Residence Hall.
The dance is free and open to the public; dancers of all skill levels are
welcome.

The Visual Arts Gallery is located in room 201 of the Health and Sciences
Building on the UIS campus.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2002 The State Journal-Register


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 26, 1993, Monday, Final Edition

Fiddlers Bow to Tradition;
Folk Music Heritage Lives, Even Lures Young Fans

David Montgomery, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D1

LENGTH: 669 words


All God's creatures, or at least a goodly variety of them -- 90 humans, assorted
pigs, horses, goats, rabbits and a five-foot blacksnake -- grooved to the sweet
and scraping strains of the country violin yesterday at Oxon Hill Farm.

Shouldn't fiddle music be dead, now that we are mired in the MTV Age?

That's why it's still so lively, said Richard Dress, one of the humans, a Navy
engineer from Fort Washington: "It's not anything you can put on MTV."

That was considered a good thing by the folks attending the 10th Annual Fiddlers
Contest in southern Prince George's County.

"It's a kind of feeling that you're playing something that's been around a real
long time, that's worth preserving," said fiddler Howard Jones.

Fiddle music was brought to America by immigrants. Some of the tunes were
centuries-old Irish or Scottish ditties before they reached these shores a
century ago and underwent further transformation.

But most people don't know the foreign roots of fiddle music. They think of it
simply as American folk music.

"It fits in with the farm. The fiddle is a rural tradition," said Park Ranger
Jim Rosenstock, explaining why Oxon Hill Farm, operated by the National Park
Service, plays host to the annual event. "This kind of music is part of the
American tradition."

Scooter, also known as Chris Hale, 9, from Alexandria, was standing under a
maple tree, warming up his fiddle chops on a tune called "Tugboat." His mom,
Rose, a music teacher, accompanied him on mandolin, while his dad, Ernie, a
civil engineer, played guitar.

Scooter, wearing shorts, sneakers and a black cowboy hat, played with the kind
of aplomb that is seen only in young prodigies and old masters. That is to say,
while his fingers danced incredibly fast on the neck of the violin, his face
appeared utterly bored, as if he was thinking, "Can we go watch the Detroit
Tigers on TV?" -- his other passion.

"He's a finger reader," his mom said.

"You just play it, and he learns it," his dad said.

Which, as it happens, is a gift that Scooter shares with Speedy.

Speedy was under another maple tree, practicing his "double shuffle" (a
percussive bow technique peculiar to mountain-style fiddle playing) on "Golden
Slippers."

"It's all by ear, you know," Speedy said. He was wearing a plaid shirt,
suspenders and a U.S. Ski Team baseball cap. "I've never taken music lessons."

Speedy's real name is Roy O'Dell Tolliver, but on his battered violin case, the
stenciled letters say "S. Tolliver." He's 75, originally from the White Top
Mountain region of Virginia, where he played banjo for Eleanor Roosevelt when
she visited a fiddle festival in the 1930s. That was before he taught himself to
fiddle.

"How come they call you Speedy?" someone asked, as if the answer weren't
inherent in the velocity of his fingers, with their fossilized fingernails, on
the fingerboard.

"Sometimes I need the name, sometimes I don't," Speedy said.

As the 20 competitors were getting in some last-minute practice, the snake made
its appearance, slithering into the shade of one of the maples.

Though most of the people present have city jobs, they have country hearts, and
they weren't intimidated. Carol Goin, a lab scientist for the Food and Drug
Administration, picked up the snake and hustled it to a safer location.

Julie Gorka, who has a degree in classical piano, learned the fiddle only last
year, but she was set to perform in the contest. She likes the anti-classical,
democratic freedom of the fiddle. "It's just such a different sport," she said.

The top prize in the contest was $ 100, but that wasn't the point. Everyone
received a prize -- from eggs to vegetables to fiddle tapes -- just so they'd
know they are welcome in the fiddle world.

Dress surveyed the crowd -- children as young as Scooter, adults as old as
Speedy -- and he thought about the fiddle's future.

"It has its appeal," he said. "You see a lot of young people playing."

He reconsidered.

"Not a lot. But enough to keep it going."


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, JIM QUEEN, ABOVE, PRACTICES FOR THE 10TH ANNUAL FIDDLERS CONTEST
IN FRONT OF SON JOSHUA, 3, AND SOME RABBITS; A TEAM EFFORT SHAPES UP IN A QUIET
SPOT AT OXON HILL FARM, RIGHT. TWENTY FIDDLERS COMPETED. FRANK JOHNSTON

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Dorset Echo

                            November 8, 2011 Tuesday

Stompin' Dave at Electric Palace, Bridport

SECTION: REVIEWS

LENGTH: 503 words


Stompin' Dave brings another great night of music from the USA to Bridport's
Electric Palace on Wednesday, November 16.

Following a packed night at the Marine Theatre, Lyme Regis, and a sell-out at
Dorchester Arts Centre for Dave with The Whitetop Mountaineers from Virginia,
this time it's the turn of Appalachian Roots from North Carolina.

Appalachian Roots is a duo show featuring Ira Bernstein and Riley Baugus.

Their performances are a dynamic mix of traditional dance, song, and
instrumental music from the southern Appalachian region of the US, with a few
international twists.

Concerts include percussive flatfooting and buckdancing, rhythm tap dancing,
French-Canadian step dancing, English clogging, South African boot dancing,
hambone, fiddle tunes, and fiddle sticks by Ira; southern Appalachian songs and
ballads, old-time banjo and fiddle tunes, and mountain preaching by Riley and a
good dose of fiddle and banjo.

Appalachian Roots is an old-time music and dance variety show, full of humour
and skill.

Born and raised in the suburbs of New York City, Ira began dancing Appalachian
clogging and flatfooting, and playing the fiddle as a student in 1978 in
Philadelphia where there was a vibrant old-time music and dance community. He
later went on to perform with the Fiddle Puppets, and the American Tap Dance
Orchestra.

Ira has performed across the US and Canada, as well as in 16 other countries
around Europe and Asia.

He has shared the stage with many of the world's greatest tap and step dancers,
including Gregory Hines and has appeared numerous times on TV and in theatre.

Riley Baugus is a North Carolina native who began singing and playing music at
an early age. Raised in a household where recordings of old-time music were
often played, he developed a love and appreciation for traditional, southern
Appalachian music.

Riley began honing his musical skills with close friend and neighbour, fiddler
Kirk Sutphin, by visiting elder traditional musicians in and around Grayson
County in the Blue Ridge Mountains of North Carolina and Virginia.

He often visited, played with, and learned from fiddlers such as Tommy Jarrell,
Robert Sykes, and banjo player Dix Freeman.

Riley has played with numerous old-time stringbands and currently plays with the
Dirk Powell Band, and Polecat Creek.

He has also taught banjo, guitar, and fiddle at music camps throughout the US,
and toured in Europe with the Farmer's Daughters, Dirk Powell and Tim O'Brien,
The Konnarock Critters, and Ira.

Riley's home is Winston-Salem, North Carolina, where he builds open-back banjos,
and is part of a thriving musical community.

His singing is featured on the soundtrack to the recent Academy Award-winning
film Cold Mountain.

Support comes from Stompin' Dave himself.

Recently described in the Daily Telegraph as "a master... a formidable musician
and a true original."

The performance starts at 8pm with doors opening at 7pm.

For tickets, call or visit Bridport Music, 01308 425707, or Bridport TIC 01308
424901or visit www.stompinstore.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 17, 2012 Monday

Lyons Fiddle Festival draws record crowd

BYLINE: Matthew Nojiri, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 350 words


Sept. 17--With a banjo strapped over his shoulder, Mount Penn resident Steve
Dibler came to Lyons Community Park on Sunday to make some music.

"I just want to jam," Dibler said, as about a dozen people with banjos, fiddles,
mandolins and an upright bass started an impromptu jam session behind him.

The 29th annual Lyons Fiddle Festival attracted more than 5,000 people, a record
crowd for the event, said organizer Keith Weidner.

The festival has become a Lyons tradition, drawing people from all over
Pennsylvania and beyond for some old-fashioned music.

"It's crisp, old-time music the way it used to be," Weidner said. "You can't get
this anywhere. All day's entertainment for just $2 is hard to find."

Many patrons brought lawn chairs to watch the groups on the main stage, while
others, like Dibler, brought their instruments to jam with other musicians.

"This is our first time, and it's been great," said Debra Button of Lancaster.
"You couldn't ask for better weather. The music is great. We'll definitely come
back."

There are few rules to get on the main stage at the fiddle fest, Weidner said,
but drums aren't allowed and all bands must have at least one fiddle.

The festival featured an open fiddle contest, iron kettle soups, arts and crafts
vendors and a pig roast.

Money raised at the event helps pay the costs of running the community park, as
well as a few other local causes. The big goal this year, Weidner said, was to
raise enough for a walking path around the park.

"The entire park is funded from this festival," he said, noting that planning
for next year's festival will begin today.

Allentown resident Sam Bennett watched her son, David, 10, compete in the fiddle
competition on Sunday. Bennett said the festival has become a family tradition
and one of her favorite events of the year.

"To me, this is the highlight and the end of summer," she said. "It's just a
beautiful event."

Contact Matthew Nojiri: 610-371-5062 or mnojiri@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2012 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120917-RE-Lyons-Fiddle-Festival-draws-record-crowd-0917-20120917

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2012 Reading Eagle


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Alberni Valley Times (British Columbia)

                             May 17, 2000 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Tania Elizabeth at the Capitol, Saturday

BYLINE: Sonja Drinkwater, Alberni Valley Times

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Eye Around Town; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 645  words


Cynthia Low is bringing Tania Elizabeth to Port Alberni. She will be performing
here on Saturday, May 20 at the Capitol Theatre. Part proceeds from this concert
will go to the Port Alberni Christian School.

At 16 years old, Tania Elizabeth has accomplished more than some people do in a
lifetime, and yet she swears that it is just beginning. She has produced two
CD's, has her own record label and gives fiddle lessons. This dynamic
entertainer has been playing the fiddle for almost all of her life, having
started at the tender age of three.

Her first memory of her childhood is walking up the big stairs of the Royal
Conservatory of music in Regina, Saskatchewan, with a little violin case in one
hand, and her mother's hand in the other. She started writing tunes at the age
of seven.

Tania was trained classically, but when she discovered fiddle music at the age
of eight, her love of music took on a different meaning. At that time she met
and began studying with Canadian Fiddle Champion Dean Marshall. At the age of
nine, Tania became a member of the Calgary Fiddlers, the youngest by three
years.

She attended the Mark O'Connor fiddle camp in Nashville at the age of 10 and
studied with many of North America's greatest fiddlers, including Mark O'Connor,
Natalie MacMaster, and Darrol Anger. In the winter of `96 Tania recorded on the
Calgary Fiddlers'-most recent CD- ``Imprint'' and toured with the group in
Texas, Florida, and Alberta.

A move to Victoria, BC meant meeting Daniel Lapp she joined the Dan Lapp
Fiddleharmonic and the BC Fiddle Orchestra and started up her classical studies
again. After being in several more groups, including the Greater Victoria Youth
Orchestra and her own group-7 Carrot Fiddle (which opened for Valdy) and
recording on another album- ``Echoes of the Red River Valley'', Tania decided to
take the route of a soloist.

An entrepreneur at the age of 14, she started her own business, SwanSisters
Promotions. Four 12 hour days in a home studio and every penny she ever saved
resulted in ``Something - the CD before the next one''. She learned how to
market herself through ``how to'' books and landed many performances and the
attention of Teen Magazine, Girl's Life Magazine, Focus on Women, and local
radio and newspaper. The reviews were great. In March 1999, Tania was given an
album by the name of ``Wild Blue'' (Eileen Ivers), which turned her whole world
upside down.

Until then, she had been playing traditional music, but upon her discovery,
began experimenting with world beat rhythms and improvisation. In June and July,
Tania was able to test her ideas out at the Midsummer Festival (Smithers, BC)
and the Folk on the Rocks Festival (Yellowknife, NWT) where she was a headliner.
The response from festival organizers and the audiences was outstanding.
Festival organizers stated she was the ``surprise hit of the festival.'' With
her energetic performances combined with her rapport with the audiences, the
crowds danced and yelled for more.

Her new album This Side Up, was recorded in September 1999 at Nomad Studios on
Salt Spring Island. It is an innovative recording that reflects the new path she
is exploring. She worked with co-producer Paul Brosseau and co-arranged the
album with her fellow band members. The results are outstanding and the reviews
are magnificent. Plans are in the works for a Canadian tour and an international
tour that includes Australia-her place of birth.

Her CD release brought a full house and television coverage by VTV to St. Ann's
Academy. She delivered a fast-moving show that made it clear that she is going
to be a major player in the music industry.

Don't miss out on this excellent entertainer that will be at the Capitol Theatre
this Saturday evening at 7:30 pm. Tickets are $10 and available at Somass Drugs
and at the door. Part proceeds will go to the Port Alberni Christian School.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Alberni Valley Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            January 18, 2009 Sunday
                                 FINAL Edition

Welcome mat out for Maine Fiddle Camp alumna;
Litchfield native Lissa Schneckenburger leads a workshop and performs on
Saturday.

BYLINE: STEPHANIE BOUCHARD Staff Writer

SECTION: AUDIENCE; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 708 words


A lot of folks around here remember fiddler Lissa Schneckenburger from the days
when she was a little girl, sawing away enthusiastically on her fiddle.

No one who saw her then had any doubt that she was the real deal. The
29-year-old Litchfield native has proven those folks right.

On Saturday, they can see for themselves just how far she's come when she
performs at Empire Dine & Dance in Portland.

Schneckenburger, who now lives in southern Vermont with her husband, Corey
DiMario, a bassist with the popular band Crooked Still, graduated from the New
England Conservatory of Music in Boston with a degree in contemporary
improvisation. She has recorded six of her own albums.

As a child, Schneckenburger earned a reputation for embracing traditional New
England dance tunes. Her latest album, ''Song,'' released in 2008, proves that
she hasn't abandoned the old tunes. The album celebrates New England's, and in
particular, Maine's traditional songs.

She plans a second album, ''Dance,'' to complement ''Songs,'' featuring New
England's traditional dance songs. She hopes to have ''Dance'' released next
year.

Schneckenburger is one of a new generation of young musicians who are embracing
traditional music and re-invigorating it with their own spirit and a
contemporary edge. Young musicians such as herself, she said, are the products
of fiddle camps that sprang up across the U.S. over the last 20 years.

Schneckenburger spent much of her youth attending the Maine Fiddle Camp in
Montville, founded by her fiddle teacher, Greg Boardman. ''There's a real
specific community that happens (at those camps),'' Schneckenburger said. When
the Maine Fiddle Camp first started, she remembers, fiddlers of all ages
attended, but with each succeeding year, those showing up to learn were younger
and younger.

Now those young fiddlers, like Schneckenburger, are adults embarking on
professional music careers. Those former campers forged social alliances at camp
that now fuel their professional lives. That shared heritage allows them play
off each other unconsciously, and that, says Schneckenburger, not only is cool
for the musicians but makes for exciting music as well.

This generation of contemporary acoustic musicians, explains Maine luthier
Jonathan Cooper, is ''championing old music and playing it with a twist.''

Cooper has known Schneckenburger since she was a teenager. When he describes how
she was matured into the musician she is today, there's a glow in his voice.
She's a deep player with a beautiful voice, Cooper said, who also lets her
personality come through her work.

As a Maine native who's among the rising young artists on the cutting edge of
contemporary acoustic music, it's fitting that her performance Saturday is the
one to officially kick off a performance-workshop series that Cooper and his
associate, Scott Conley, have hatched.

Cooper and Conley own Acoustic Artisans in Portland, a shop where stringed
instruments are made, repaired and sold and where classes are held.

The shop opened last summer, and since then, Cooper and Conley have been coming
up with various ways to support the contemporary acoustic music scene in
Portland. They've been test-driving a performance-workshop idea and have decided
it can work.

The deal is to invite musicians who will be in Portland for a concert, for
instance, to hold a workshop at Acoustic Artisans while they're here for the
performance, or vice versa, offering them a chance to play at a local venue
while they're at Acoustic Artisans doing a workshop.

Guitarist David Surette is next on the schedule, with an appearance at Blue in
Portland on Feb. 25.

Others who are coming but don't have dates set yet include multi-instrumentalist
Bruce Molsky, cellist Natalie Haas, fiddler Darol Anger and Crooked Still's
cellist, Tristan Clarridge.

Being able to offer a workshop while she is in Portland to do a performance is a
bonus for Schneckenburger because the teaching and performing complement each
other.

''Teaching is an important piece of the puzzle,'' said Schneckenburger. ''It
makes the show that much more fun and enjoyable because you feel like you know
some of the people in the audience.''


Staff Writer Stephanie Bouchard can be contacted at 791-6455 or at:

sbouchard@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy photo
Lissa Schneckenburger is performing at Empire Dine & Dance on Saturday through a
program sponsored by Acoustic Artisans, a local business that makes, repairs and
sells stringed instruments. Schneckenburger also will lead a workshop at
Acoustic Artisans.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  February 24, 2005 Thursday Michigan Edition

Fiddle Fever outbreak;
Concert features art form rooted in America

BYLINE: By DENISE PERRY DONAVIN; Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 543 words


BERRIEN SPRINGS -- There is a fever brewing in Berrien Springs.

The symptoms include a lot of foot tapping and finger snapping.

And the cause?

It's fiddle playing of all sorts, from violins to guitars to cellos to banjos to
mandolins.

Such sounds will be featured at the second Fiddle Fever concert set for 7 p.m.
Tuesday at Howard Performing Arts Center at Andrews University.

Mickey Kutzner, festival and concert organizer, said, "Fiddle Fever started as
means to raise money to pay for the summer event (the Shady Grove Fiddle Fest),
but it has taken on a life of its own."

Last year, Fiddle Fever drew an estimated 500 people from throughout the area,
Deborah Poole, manager of the Howard Performing Arts Center, said.

Money raised from the concert will go toward the Shady Grove Fiddle Fest set for
Aug. 7 in Berrien Springs.

The Shady Grove Fiddle Fest was founded for the preservation, promotion and
enjoyment of America's roots music in the aural tradition, according to its Web
site.

The summertime festival features workshops, contests and performances all day.

Tuesday's Fiddle Fever concert includes 14 acts.

Featured among them is Ann Arbor resident Jeremy Kittel.

"We are really excited about Jeremy Kittel,'' Kutzner said.

He was been featured on the radio show "Prairie Home Companion."

"He is the only performer we hired for the event,'' the organizer said.

Jeremy Kittel and guitarist Bob Gerics play together, performing Celtic,
bluegrass, and jazz music.

Kittel won the National Scottish Fiddle Championship in 2000 and was National
Scottish Fiddle Junior Champion in 1998 and 1999. The 20-year-old graduate of
University of Michigan's jazz program, plays Irish and Scottish music. Kittel
has two CDs.

Meanwhile, Kutzner also hailed local performers who will be playing.

"If you want to know what great local talent is available in the area this is
the place to be," Kutzner said.

Among local acts playing at the concert will be Fiddle Fire, featuring the
Panning family. The family specializes in traditional, foot-stomping fiddle
music, as well as gospel bluegrass performed on fiddles, guitar, string bass,
mandolin, hammer dulcimer, spoons, and bones.

Also performing will be Wood'n Nickel, Sugarfoot, and Rick Willey on Irish
mandolin.

Other musicians include The Lichtenwalter Strings, Chloe Lewis and Emery Dent,
Emily and Andrew Kutzner, Dustin and Breanna Wood, Devora Gleiber, Marcus
Youngbird, Ian and Andrew Mason, Jon Wolfer and Sally Joyce.

Kutzner, a professor at Andrews, praises the talent and the atmosphere of the
concert.

"The environment is wonderful,'' he said. "The (Howard Performing Arts Center)
hall is gorgeous with wonderful acoustics. Fiddle music resonates in a way it
does not in a parking lot. We usually refer to fiddle jam sessions as parking
lot pickings."

Poole agreed about the acoustics of the center.

"Even the Tokyo String Quartet, who plays around the world, were quite impressed
with our facility," she said.

Poole also touted Fiddle Fever.

"There will be some great, accessible music. You don't have to be a violin
person to enjoy good home music. With blue grass, Celtic, jazz, and country
music, it will appeal to many different people," she said.


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Musician Jeremy Kittel, of Ann Arbor, will be featured Tuesday at the
Fiddle Fever concert.   Fiddle Fest Fever One Performance at 7 p.m. on Tuesday
at Howard Performing Arts Center Andrews University, Berrien Springs, Mich.  Box
Office: (888) 467- 6442 or (269) 471- 3560.  Admission $10; seniors and students
$5; children under 12, free. ; Jeremy Kittel stands with Bob Gerics. The two
often play together featuring different kinds of American music.  Photos
Provided

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Idaho Falls Post Register (Idaho)

                           October 3, 2012 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Fiddler honored at competition

BYLINE: By Christina Lords,

SECTION: THE WEST; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 365 words


Some of the biggest stars in music history - Elvis, Hank and Garth - have stood
on the Grand Ole Opry stage.

After winning the title of Grand Master Fiddler Champion on Saturday in
Nashville, Tenn., Rigby resident Jacie Sites is now on that list.

""The grand master is one of the biggest wins in all of fiddle playing,"" she
said. ""Some of the top fiddle players of all time have been winners. I can
hardly believe I've won it.""

Each year, the contest's committee invites the top fiddle players from around
the world to compete in the contest. Organizers also accept at-large fiddle
players of any age or nationality to travel to Nashville to play in the
preliminary round.

Up to 15 fiddle players are selected from the preliminary round to go on to the
finalist round. From there, about 10 players are chosen to compete in the
championship round.

As the winner of the contest, Sites was awarded $2,000, a plaque and the unique
opportunity to play on the main stage of the Grand Ole Opry and perform on the
International Bluegrass Music Association main stage.

""Fiddlers almost never get to play as the (featured) musician for the Grand Ole
Opry,"" she said. ""They're there as backups every once and awhile in the band,
so this is really special.""

She said she was honored to be introduced at the Opry by Little Jimmy Dickens, a
member of the Country Music Hall of Fame.

Sites has won a treasure trove of titles and honors at fiddling competitions
throughout the region and across the country over the years. Her titles include
Idaho and Oregon state grand champion, Northwest Regional grand champion and
National Certified fanciest fiddler three times over.

Besides her solo work, Sites also performs with her band, Celtic Air, and spends
time teaching music at her studio at Sites Violin Shoppe. She and her husband,
Joe, have operated the studio in eastern Idaho for the past eight years.

Sites is the founder and president of Strings for Kids, a local nonprofit that
has loaned instruments and provided free violin lessons to more than 850
children in eastern Idaho.

Features writer Christina Lords can be reached at 542-6762. Comment on this
story on Post Talk at www.postregister.com/posttalk.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 25, 2012 Wednesday

42nd annual Fiddlers' Frolics rolls into Hallettsville

BYLINE: Sonny Long, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 310 words


April 25--Scores of talented musicians will descend on Hallettsville this
weekend at the 42nd annual Fiddlers' Frolics.

The event includes the Texas State Championship fiddle contest, the Gone to
Texas fiddle contest and divisions for youth and for seniors as well as the
popular Anything Goes competition.

"The talent level is unbelievable. It really blows my mind. These fiddle players
are so good, it's unreal," said Kenneth Henneke, event co-chairman.

"This is truly a national event. We will have more than 100 fiddle players in
here from all over," co-chairman Stuart Fryer said. "We have fiddle players
coming from as far away as Oregon and Washington state."

Fryer is also excited about a Fiddlers' Frolics first -- live webcasts of the
Gone to Texas Fiddle Contest on Saturday and the Texas State Championship on
Sunday.

"We are pleased to be able to work with Texas Thunder Radio to get these
webcasts done," Fryer said. "For the first time, those who can't make it to
Hallettsville can listen to the first-class competition from anywhere in the
world."

Fiddlers' Frolics is also highlighted in a documentary "The Devil's Box." The
three-DVD set will be available for sale for $35.

In addition to all the fiddle playing, the event includes the Texas State
barbecue cook-off championship, live music, a Cajun fun night complete with
authentic Cajun food and music as well as arts and crafts vendors and more.

Attendees can purchase tickets to take to participating barbecue contestants and
receive a sample of their entries.

Kenneth Morris and Dale Morris Jr. will also be inducted into the Texas Fiddlers
Hall of Fame.

"There's something for all ages. It's family entertainment at its best," Henneke
said.

___ (c)2012 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120425-VI-42nd-annual-Fiddlers-Frolics-rolls-into-Hallettsville-0425-20120425

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2012 Victoria Advocate


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              Grayson County News Gazette (Leitchfield, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Hagan named Fiddle Festival Queen

BYLINE: Matt Lasley, Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 339 words


July 13--21-year-old Kaylyn Nicole Hagan, of Clarkson, was crowned the 2016 Twin
Lakes Fiddle Festival Queen by 2015 Queen Lauren "Doodah" Allen on Friday, July
8.

The annual opening to the Freedom/Fiddling Festival festivities, the pageant saw
young ladies compete in four categories.

In addition to Hagan's victory, Madison Olivia Duvall, 14, of Leitchfield, was
crowned the Twin Lakes Fiddle Festival Princess on Friday evening.

Kennedy Reece Davis, 12, of Cynthiana, was crowned the 2016 Twin Lakes Fiddle
Festival Little Princess.

And Avery Taylor Smith, 9, of Cecilia, was crowned the 2016 Little Miss Twin
Lakes Fiddle Festival on Friday.

Runners-Up each category are as follows:

2016 Twin Lakes Fiddle Festival Queen (age 16-21)

1st Runner-Up: Melanie Horn, 16, of Leitchfield

2nd Runner-Up: Destiny Leanne Calvert, 19, of Clarkson

3rd Runner-Up: Emilee Moorman, 17, of Owensboro

2016 Twin Lakes Fiddle Festival Princess (age 13-15)

1st Runner-Up: Karson Del Clemons, 15, of Leitchfield

2nd Runner-Up: Sheridan Elmore, 15, of Cecilia

3rd Runner-Up: Alexas Cameron Engel, 13, of Brownsville

2016 Twin Lakes Fiddle Festival Little Princess (age 10-12)

1st Runner-Up: Rilee Jo Penner, 10, of Leitchfield

2nd Runner-Up: Jaden Elyssa Yates, 12, of Brandenburg

3rd Runner-Up (Tie): McKenna Woosley, 12, and Sydney Lindsay, 10, both of
Leitchfield

2016 Twin Lakes Fiddle Festival Little Miss (age 7-9)

1st Runner-Up: Kaitlyn Shults, 9, of Payneville

2nd Runner-Up: Hannah Madison Franklin, 9, of Clarkson

3rd Runner-Up: Abigail August Pennington, 9, of Leitchfield

"[It was] another great year with so many beautiful young ladies," said Pageant
Coordinator Joyce Mudd of the event. "All are winners just walking across that
stage."

In addition, Mudd wished to recognize the many volunteers who helped make the
pageant possible.

Reach Matt Lasley at 270-259-9622, ext. 2015.

___ (c)2016 the Grayson County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) Visit the Grayson
County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) at www.gcnewsgazette.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160713-SY-Hagan-named-Fiddle-Festival-Queen-0713-20160713

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SY


                   Copyright 2016 Grayson County News Gazette


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            January 10, 2006 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

Fiddle Queen To Perform With Opry

BYLINE: Jan Hollingsworth

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 230 words

DATELINE: PLANT CITY


PLANT CITY - It doesn't look like much of a fiddle, as far as fiddles go, what
with its hollowed-out body and air where most of the wood should be.

But for the reigning Queen of the Country Fiddle, no other instrument will do.

"It has such a big sound for such a little piece of wood," said Stephanie Ann,
who will bring her unique Strad-a-Fiddle to the Florida Opry on Saturday.

The same could be said about the diminutive violinist who has fiddled her way
into American Entertainment Magazine's finals for Best Female Artist, a
distinction she shares this year with country star Sara Evans.

Her appearance at the 1914 Plant City High School Community Center is a rare
opportunity for local family and friends to see her show. "We're really looking
forward to it," she said.

Stephanie Ann will share the bill with The King's Messenger Quartet, Harold Mott
& Friends and Jenny Rimmer, who was selected Female Entertainer of the Year in
2004 by the Orange Blossom Country Music Association.

For information on the Florida Opry or to reserve seats, contact promoter Myrle
Henry at (813) 752-4094.

Photo credit: Tribune photo by JIM REED

Photo: Stephanie Ann plays her violin for son Wesley Simon, 2, at her Brandon
home. She will headline the Florida Opry in Plant City on Saturday.

Copyright © 2006, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ACROSS THE REGION

CORRECTION-DATE: January 11, 2006



CORRECTION: Violinist Stephanie Ann will perform at the Florida Opry in Plant
City on Saturday. A photo caption in Tuesday's Metro section gave an incorrect
day.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
PLANT CITY - It doesn't look like much of a fiddle, as far as fiddles go, what
with its hollowed-out body and air where most of the wood should be.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 1, 2012 Friday

Fiddlin' has begun

BYLINE: Mondee Tilley, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 854 words


June 01--People from all over the United States, from all walks of life, are
coming together again this year for the 41st annual Mount Airy Fiddlers
Convention, visiting with friends and taking part in jam sessions across
Veteran's Park, where the event is being held.

While this is the first visit for some, the local convention has been an annual
draw for so many for as long as they can remember. It's a historically rich
event that brings bluegrass and old time music back to its cultural roots.

Don Burnette, 77, of South Carolina said he enjoys coming back year after year.
He gets to Veterans Park early so he can park his RV where he can watch the
performers play their instruments on stage from the comfort of the front seat of
his motor home. He likes to listen to the music play live on the radio while
watching the performers on stage.

As he tooled around on his golf cart, Burnette explained what was the
difference, to him, between old time music and bluegrass.

He said old time music is made up of songs that are lead by the fiddle and there
is almost no singing to accompany the melody.

Bluegrass, on the other hand, involves a lot more singing, a variety of
instruments and carries a heavy tone ring, he said.

As Burnette approached a group of musicians that included the lead singers of
Donna the Buffalo, he noted the style in which they were playing.

"When they are getting down like that, when they've got their knees together,
that's when they are getting down," said Burnette.

While he was trying out one of the fiddles that Richard Bowman, of the Slate
Mountain Ramblers had for sale, 29-year-old Brian Vollmer said he has been
attending the convention for five or six years. He said he likes to give fiddle
and violin lessons.

Bowman, who's known for always wearing a red and white CarQuest cap, has been
playing the fiddle for the past 39 years. He has been visiting to the convention
every year with the exception of the first two years. He said he likes to
compete individually and as a band during the annual event, which officially
begins tonight at 7 p.m.

Debbie Gitlin, of Cleveland, Ohio, moved to North Carolina because she loved the
music of this area.

"I have a special place in my heart for this festival," said Gitlin.

Dobson native Joe Thrift, who is known throughout the convention for his
handmade fiddles, joined a group of musicians playing old time music on
Thursday.

"He (Thrift) made half the fiddles in this place," Gitlin said.

She said he was trained in Europe to make fiddles, "but he makes fiddles for the
likes of us hillbillies," she said.

"We all love this music," said Tara Nevins, singer for Donna the Buffalo.

Another singer in the band, Jeb Puryear, said they had been coming the
conventions since the group began. Nevins said that's how the band got started.
The band's original name was Dawn of the Buffalo, but she said fans had kept
mispronouncing it -- that's how it became Donna the Buffalo.

Martha and Quentin Cline of Greensboro decorated their camper with an elaborate
collection of pink flamingos. She started their collection in 1986 when she and
her girlfriends went to the beach together.

"When it's hot there's nothing to do, I make baskets," she said.

She also canes chairs in her spare time. The Clines started coming to the Mount
Airy Fiddlers Convention when a relative told them about it.

Ed Davis of Goldsboro plays the guitar and this is the first convention he's
attended. He drives an old yellow school bus with red curtains covering the
windows. There's a couch and musical instruments inside.

"They pay me money to never play the fiddle," said Davis.

Kevin Samuels has been attending the convention for 10 years and invited his
friends from Nashville, Tenn., Kiley Schroeder and Kevin Martin.

"This is an amazing place with music all over the place," Samuels said.

Schroeder plays the fiddle, but was trained in classic violin.

Martin and Schroeder got to the convention early -- they arrived on Sunday.

Over at Chiropractor Dr. Robert Davis' tent, where festival-goers can get their
back cracked or buy a fiddle, a group of three men played tune after tune.

Paul Brown and Terri Murray of Winston-Salem said they played with old time
music legend Tommy Jarrell. Brown plays the fiddle and Murray plays the banjo.
The couple were sitting under a tent on "Hippie Hill" playing with Heath Curdts
from Santa Rosa, Calif. Curdts said he met Brown at Jarrell's home.

Also with the group, playing guitar, was Kelli Jones-Savoy of Lafayette, La. She
came to the festival for the first time when she was still in the womb and has
been coming ever since.

"We didn't come together, but we came together," Jones-Savoy said.

Grace Forrest of Big Sur, Calif. flew to Mount Airy to attend the convention for
the first time.

"It's fun. It's good music for five days. What could be better?" she said.

The fiddlers convention is today and Saturday. Admission is $10.

Reach Mondee Tilley at mtilley@heartlandpublications.com or at 719-1930.

___ (c)2012 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120601-NI-Fiddlin-has-begun-0601-20120601

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2012


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Kerryman (Ireland)

                                  May 11, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Final preparations for World Fiddle Day Kerry in Scart

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 221 words


THERE are people in many parts of the world who have made travel plans over the
past couple of months and even weeks. Their destination: Scartaglin and
Castleisland. They're coming from the USA, from the UK and from the low, low
lands of Holland and from all quarters of Ireland.

All drawn by the dríocht of the music of Sliabh Luachra and the fiddle music of
the said area in particular.

Convergence Day is May 21. World Fiddle Day Kerry 2016 is the draw and
Scartaglin is the focus.

There are Friday night, gathering tunes down for several pubs in Castleisland to
ease us into the weekend. A lovely habit of a few scattering tunes has also been
developing over the past couple of years.

However, the main focus of attention will be on Saturday when Sliabh Luachra's
wandering heart will beat in Scartaglin. A day-long programme of events and
surprises will unfold alongside great tunes with the fiddle in the role of
principal actor throughout.

PJ Teahan and friends, Mick Culloty and Tomás Mac Uilleagóid have been working
on the event all winter and spring with their monthly Handed Down gatherings.

Then you had the likes of Nicky McAuliffe, Matt Cranitch and Jackie Daly with
Emma O'Leary and Maggie Prendiville stepping in and out and playing blinders on
the wings. You'll hear a lot more details over the coming days and week.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Skip the tune - celebrate the birthday: New Hampshire, US, fiddle
player Skip Gorman was presented with a birthday cake by Bridie Garvey on stage
in Scartaglin at last year's World Fiddle Day Kerry events in Scartaglin.
Included are concert presenter, Con Moynihan, (left) with Ron Kane, Montana, USA
and PJ Teahan, event co-organiser.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KMN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Easley Progress (South Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 5, 2016 Tuesday

BRIEF: Fiddle player to perform free concert

BYLINE: The Easley Progress, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 206 words


Jan. 05--SPARTANBURG -- Bluegrass fiddle player Craig Owen will play a free live
concert at Chapman Cultural Center this Sunday, Jan. 10, 2-4 p.m. as part of the
venue's weekly Sunday Unplugged program. Having performed in the
Spartanburg/Greenville area for many years, Owen has played both bluegrass
covers and folksy originals in local venues. He plays bluegrass on fiddle, but
plays his own modern folk and easy listening songs on acoustic guitar, pairing
his instrumentals with great vocals. Owen has also produced several CDs,
including The Smallest of Things and Daydreams and Memories.

Sunday Unplugged gives the public the opportunity to enjoy local culture and
arts free of stress and mostly free. From 1 until 5 p.m. the Center is open, and
there is free admission to Spartanburg Art Museum, Spartanburg Regional History
Museum, Artists' Guild of Spartanburg Gallery, and Student Galleries.
Spartanburg Science Center will also be open, admission being $4 for adults ad
$2.50 for students. For more information on Sundays Unplugged, call (864)
542-ARTS or visit ChapmanCulturalCenter.org.

___ (c)2016 The Easley Progress, S.C. Visit The Easley Progress, S.C. at
www.theeasleyprogress.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160105-1EA-BRF-Fiddle-player-to-perform-free-concert-0105-20160105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1EA


                       Copyright 2016 The Easley Progress


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            January 26, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

A reel-to-reel life;
Marcel Robidas' fiddling is so special that even the Smithsonian Institution
took notice.

BYLINE: DARLA L. PICKETT Blethen Maine News Service

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 721 words


Marcel Robidas tapped his foot as he played the ''Juliette Reel'' in his cozy
home in North Anson on a January afternoon.

His love of the French Canadian music resonating from his favorite violin was
apparent. A tender smile slipped onto his face as the bow rode the strings.

''It's supposed to be a circular, swirling motion, not back and forth like
this,'' Robidas said, demonstrating an exaggerated back-and-forth motion.

Robidas should know. The 76-year-old master fiddler, storyteller and violin
maker, whose recorded work can be heard at the Smithsonian Institution, began
strumming a tin fiddle at the age of 6 in Orange, Vt.

''My father gave my brother and I two little tin fiddles,'' Robidas said, with
just a hint of a French accent. ''They were so cute. Toys really. They sounded
tinny, but we learned to play on them. We wouldn't put them down. We played by
ear.''

Robidas recently brought his talent and love of fiddle music to Somerset County,
where he and his wife, Louise, had chosen to retire. They said they looked
around New England and settled in North Anson because of the town's down-home
feel.

''We just love this place,'' he said.

Retirement, however, does not mean seclusion. Robidas said he and his wife are
eyeing a barn on Route 201 in Madison as a possible location for jam sessions
and dances.

Robidas said he probably came by the violin naturally. ''My father's family had
10 boys and 10 girls, and they all played the violin,'' he said.

All of the children in his family spoke French at home, he said. They went to
Catholic school, where they would bring their fiddles and play them outside
during recess.

Robidas said he and his brother Lucien ''began to play a little at school
parties, at Granges and stuff like that. I was scared stiff, just a kid, but a
guy told me just to be myself and play natural,'' he recalled.

When he saw the enjoyment on people's faces, he was hooked.

The family moved to Dover, N.H., when Robidas was about 12 years old.

He worked in the woods with his brother and drove trucks to earn a living, but
his fiddle was the love that drove his world.

Robidas began jamming with other musicians and playing at dances on the
weekends.

He especially liked contradances ''because ... you can saw away for 15 minutes
on a line dance.''

Later in life, the National Endowment of the Arts paid him to teach the violin,
Robidas said. ''Every year they would send me a student,'' he recalled.

Even the basics of how the violin worked intrigued Robidas.

He tells stories of trying to find ebony to repair his fiddles and finding it
too expensive. He said he used to knock the black piano keys off his old piano
to make repairs.

He kept busy repairing other violins until 1982, when he finished making his
first complete fiddle, Robidas said.

He tells the story in ''Deeply Rooted: New Hampshire Traditions in Wood,'' an
illustrated book supported by the National Endowment for the Arts and
distributed for The Art Gallery and the Center for Humanities at the University
of New Hampshire.

Robidas said he cut that first fiddle all in one piece using a bandsaw. The body
was maple and the top was pine.

''It was different than any other fiddle in the world,'' he said.

Since then, Robidas has fashioned five fiddles and given them all to his
children.

''It takes over 400 hours to make a violin. That's a lot of rubbing and scraping
- and cursing, sometimes. It takes a lot of patience,'' he said.

''It takes special tools, but I made my own tools. It sounds crazy, but I use
glass to shape the wood. I learned that on the farm. My grandfather used glass
to shape the ax handles. It does work good.''

He recalled the day when representatives of the Library of Congress came to him
and asked to record his music.

''They said it was traditional music and they wanted it recorded because they
didn't want it being lost.''

At the time, Robidas was leading Marcel and The Maple Sugar Band.

His work is published under the title ''Mademoiselle, Voulez-vous Danser?
Franco-American Music from the New England Borderlands.''

It can be heard at the Smithsonian Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage.

Louise Robidas remembers the day she met Robidas and heard the Franco-American
music for the first time.

''I knew it the minute he started playing that I liked it,'' she said, strumming
her guitar alongside her husband.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Blethen Maine News Service photo by Jeff Pouland
Marcel Robidas plays ''Whiskey Before Breakfast'' on one of his fiddles recently
at his home in North Anson. Robidas has been playing fiddle as an avocation for
70 years.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

All-female Nashville band blends their own sound of 'man-grass'

BYLINE: By Phil Reser Correspondent

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 593 words


CHICO &GT;&GT; Five years ago, when Della Mae got together, there wasn't a
single all-women bluegrass band on the national touring scene.

Today, this all-female quintet is making a name for itself on the charts as well
as at festivals throughout the country.

They recently won the Emerging Artist of the Year Award at the 2013
International Bluegrass Music Association's conference, and their latest album,
This World Oft Can Be on Rounder Records, was nominated for a Grammy in the
Bluegrass Category.

Originator of the band, Kimber Ludiker, is a fourth generation fiddler who
picked up her fiddling, the old-fashioned way, by learning with her family.

"My very first memories of playing were actually with my grandpa Lloyd," Ludiker
said. "He used to play fiddle for dances during the depression for change. My
parents, my brother, aunts, uncles and cousins, all were fiddlers. Grandpa
bought my brother and I our first fiddle. It was a little mini-fiddle. We'd
always get in trouble trying to pick up my parents' fiddles, so he brought us
this little one and I remember sitting in the dining room of my grandma and
grandpa's house and just playing fiddle tunes with him and my brother. My mom
was a fiddle teacher, so when I was a baby, my mom's students' parents would be
holding me while she taught their kids. I grew up constantly listening to fiddle
lessons. Growing up, I was playing American fiddle tunes and Texas-style,
Western swing, Bob Wills stuff. I came to bluegrass after going to my first
bluegrass festival when I was about 15 years old."

Eventually that upbringing and her commitment to the instrument, resulted in her
winning the title of Grand National Fiddle Champion in 2009 and 2010.

"When I started this band," she said, "I started it actually as a joke. Late at
night with a group of friends at a music camp in California, we were joking
around about how fun it would be to start an all-female bluegrass band that
played high-testosterone really fast bluegrass music, what we called
"man-grass."

Ludiker, hand picked the other musicians in Della Mae, from musicians, she had
gotten to know from all over the country: singer Celia Woodsmith comes from a
blues/rock background, guitarist and banjo player Courtney Hartman studied at
Berklee College of Music, bassist Shelby Means played with various bands in
Nashville, and mandolin player Jenni Lyn Gardner was schooled in traditional
bluegrass.

"We booked a couple of shows. The shows were really fun, and we decided it
wasn't a joke anymore. We decided to be a real band and not a gimmick. The music
is a combination of the influences of all five of us. We have a
singer-songwriter in there, we have an Americana element, we have this kind of
indie-pop thing happening. But we're definitely grounded and rooted in
bluegrass."

The group has toured throughout the U.S., performing at festivals, music clubs,
house concerts, and churches, in addition to participating in the U.S. State
Department's American Music Abroad program.

Selected as cultural ambassadors, they spent 43 days traveling in Pakistan,
Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan, where they
collaborated with local musicians, taught educational programs for children, and
played concerts for local audiences.

In a relatively short period of time, Della Mae has become a sensation in the
music world. Clearly, they are demonstrating how effectively music builds
bridges and transcends artificially constructed borders.

When/where: 7:30 p.m. Tuesday at Sierra Nevada Big Room, 1075 E. 20th St.

Tickets: $17.50

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: All-female bluegrass band Della Mae performs Aug. 12 at the Sierra
Nevada Big Room.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              July 10, 2006 Monday

Bay Area kids fiddle away summer;
EL CERRITO: Students flock to camp to learn old-time tunes from some of the pros

BYLINE: Martin Snapp, CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 659 words


Laura Risk is one of the foremost fiddlers in the world. Among her many fans is
filmmaker Ken Burns, who says, "Laura Risk's fiddle is a revelation and achingly
beautiful."

Every summer she leaves her home in Quebec, Canada, for a week and travels to El
Cerrito to teach 7- to-13-year-olds at fiddlekids, a day camp dedicated to
traditional fiddle music.

Ditto for Helen White, one of the country's best old-time Appalachian fiddlers,
who travels from her home in Virginia.

This year, fiddlekids ran from June 19 to 23 at Tehiyah Day School. About half
of the 55 campers live in Berkeley, but others came from as far away as Belmont,
Danville, Canyon, Mill Valley and Mendocino.

What's the difference between a fiddle and a violin?

"Technically, nothing," said Alyssa Wang, 11. "It's just the music you play."

"Fiddle music is freer and looser," said her friend, Natalie Orgill, 12. "It has
a groove that classical music doesn't."

On the first day of camp, each camper was given a CD with all the tunes they
were expected to learn by the end of the week. On the last day, they played the
tunes in a grand performance for their parents and teachers. All the teaching
was by ear.

The campers were divided into four groups according to their skill levels: Sun
Bears, Panda Bears, Polar Bears and the most advanced level, Grizzly Bears. On
this day, Risk was teaching the Grizzly Bears.

"It's so much fun to see them grow up," she said. "When I started teaching here,
they were tiny little kids with tiny little fiddles. Now they're all grown up,
and they're really good. You can really challenge them, and I love that."

Her students regard Risk with a reverence bordering on hero worship.

"Her bowing is just awesome, with delicate control -- but not too delicate,"
said Bonnie Rutherford, 15, of Oakland, a former camper who stayed on as an
assistant teacher. "More than anything, she's into it for the music rather than
the fame. That's what everybody should be in it for, but not everybody does."

In addition to Risk and White, Julian Smedley of Berkeley taught swing-jazz
fiddle, Marcy Overway taught art, Evie Ladin taught traditional dance --
including clogging, Irish step dancing, square dancing, contredanse and hombone
-- and Bobbi Shearn Nikles taught Celtic-style fiddle.

Nikles is also fiddlekids' founder.

"I started violin when I was 5, like a lot of kids in this camp," she said. "But
by the time I was a teenager, I was looking for something else to do with my
violin. But my classical teachers wouldn't utter a word about any other kind of
music available."

She gave up violin for a while and took up guitar. Soon she was making the
rounds of the local folk music scene in Berkeley.

Then one day she met White, who turned her on to her first fiddle tune: "Whiskey
Before Breakfast."

"I said, 'Wow! This is great stuff!' And I started to play my violin again. But
I started calling it a fiddle."

She began attending music camps, but there was a drawback: They were for adults,
and there was nothing for the kids to do while their parents were having fun. So
Nikles decided to provide them with a camp of their own.

The first fiddlekids was held in 1998 at Prospect Sierra School.

Twenty-seven children attended that first year, including Darcy Noonan of
Albany, who was 9 at the time.

"You know how school is tedious, long and boring?" she said. "At fiddlekids, the
classes were over before you knew it. But you still learned a lot of stuff."

Nikles said, "Oh my God, those kids loved it! "They loved it, their parents
loved it, and their music teachers loved it because they came back from the
summer better than they were before."

In 2001, fiddlekids moved to Tehiyah Day School, where it's been ever since.

"It's a happy little camp," said Nikles. "I have to say, it's very ambitious. We
ask a lot of the kids, and they learn an incredible amount. It's pretty amazing
what they can learn in a week."

Reach Martin Snapp at 510-262-2768 or e-mail msnapp@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 25, 2010 Wednesday

Camp offers an exploration of the fiddle

BYLINE: Lisa Perkins, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 394 words


Aug. 25--TRAVERSE CITY -- Fiddling is fun. At least that is the consensus of the
musicians attending fiddle camp at Traverse Community Music this week.

Camp participants, mostly classically trained violinists, will spend afternoon
sessions this week preparing to play fiddle favorites during a barn dance to be
held Saturday evening.

"They will have a chance to jam and show off their skills," said Susan Raguse, a
teacher at Traverse Community Music where the fiddle camp is being offered for
the second year.

Traverse Community Music, a collaborative group of individual music teachers
provides tutelage in violin, viola, cello, piano, flute, guitar, Irish drumming
and occasionally, the fiddle.

"We have various skill levels, but all of the musicians have good ear training
combined with music reading skills," said Raguse, who started the fiddle camp
after some of her students wanted to learn the folk style.

Eleven-year-old Graham Spaulding of Traverse City is one of the younger
musicians with an interest in learning the musical genre.

"I like the way it sounds and I just really wanted to learn something
different," Spaulding said.

Steve Pothoff, of Copemish, considers playing fiddle style a family tradition.

"I just picked it up, we all play it," Pothoff said.

Logan Hunter, a new fiddler from Kalkaska, says he has a passion for music of
all kinds.

"I wanted to learn fiddle because I just love music," Hunter said.

The public is invited to hear what the musicians have learned when fiddlers
Stuart Williams and Bob Saddler lead the band while local caller Pat Hoekje
directs dancers in contras, waltzes and square dances from 7 to 10 p.m.,
Saturday in a family barn located at 4285 E. Traverse Highway. Donations will be
accepted.

"The music will be great, it makes you want to get up and dance," Raguse said.

For more information, call Traverse Community Music at 932-2227 or visit
www.traversemusic.com

To see more of The Record-Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.record-eagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Record-Eagle, Traverse
City, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100825-ZK-Camp-offers-an-exploration-of-the-fiddle-20100825

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2010 The Record-Eagle


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            March 24, 2011 Thursday

COMING MUSICAL ATTRACTIONS

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 536 words


Thursday March 24, 2011

Alasdair Fraser, Natalie Haas return

BRATTLEBORO -- Alasdair Fraser and Natalie Haas, fiddle-cello duo known for its
exquisite presentation of Scottish-inspired music, will perform on Sunday, April
3, at 7:30 p.m., at the First Baptist Church on Main Street. Doors open at 7
p.m.

Fraser is a world-famous fiddler who has a passionate and vast following. He is
recognized as one of the finest fiddlers and performers Scotland has ever
produced and tours all over the world to great acclaim. In this more intimate
configuration as a duo, Fraser and Haas will take their audience on a journey
that includes haunting Gaelic laments and airs, spirited dance tunes and
improvisations based on traditional and original themes.

Long regarded as Scotland's premier fiddle ambassador, Fraser is from
Clackmannan, a small town in Scotland's smallest county. As his music career
took off, Fraser eventually settled in California. Concerts, tours, workshops
and music for films ("The Last of the Mohicans," "The Titanic") all contributed
to his growing fame as "one of the finest fiddle players Scotland has ever
produced." (Scots Magazine).

At some point in his explorations of the Scottish fiddle tradition, he became
excited by the idea of recreating the fiddle-cello sound once popular in
Scotland. Into this position stepped Natalie Haas, a cellist who first came to
Fraser's West Coast music camp called Valley of the Moon Scottish Fiddling
School as an 11-year old. Haas and Fraser played their first concert together
when she was 15. While she finished her schooling at Juilliard, they continued
to perform and develop their sound.

Fraser and Haas will have their latest CD available at the concert. Called
"Highlanders Farewell," it is already attracting attention as a beautifully
crafted piece of work. It is the latest album to be produced by his own label,
Culburnie Records. Tickets, $15 in advance, $18 at the door, can be purchased at
brattleborotix.com or at Everyone's Bookstore, 23 Elliot St., World Eye
Bookshop, 156 Main St., Greenfield Mass., or The Toadstool, Colony Mill, in
Keene N.H. For more information, call 802-257-1571 for more information.

The Mast comes to Headroom Stages

BRATTLEBORO -- On Saturday, April 2, The Mast will be coming to Headroom Stages,
17 Elliot St., in Brattleboro. The duo is the latest project by the
Brooklyn-based vocalist/poet Haale and percussionist/producer Matt Kilmer. Show
time is 7:30 p.m., and tickets for the event are $15.

Before they launched The Mast in 2010, Haale and Kilmer were writing, performing
and touring together for three years under Haale's name. Starting in 2007, upon
the release of the EPs, "Paratrooper" and "Morning," they toured across the
country, in Canada, and Europe.

Local percussionist Todd Roach is hosting the concert. Over the years, he has
produced a variety of world music events at The Loft. The Mast represents music
that goes in a different direction than some of those traditional performances.
The Mast will release their debut album, "Wild Poppies," in 2011. Videos of the
band recording tracks for the album are at www.TheMastMusic.com . Reservations
are recommended. Call 802-380-6360 or e-mail loftarts@yahoo.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             The Violin Connection

                              6507 Pacific Avenue
                              Stockton,  CA 95207
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (209) 475-1561
URL: www.violinconnection.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   music lessons, violin lessons, fiddle lessons, Stockton, California, ca, Ca,
violin, 209, violin 209, violin training, violin lesson, violin lessons, violin
teacher, violin teachers, violin instructor, music instructor, violin
instructors, violin tutor, violin tutors, violin coach, violin coaches, violin
class, violin classes, violin school, violin schools, suzuki violin school,
suzuki violin schools, suzuki violin, violin suzuki, suzuki violin method,
suzuki violin teacher, suzuki violin teachers, suzuki violin class, suzuki
violin classes, suzuki, fiddle, fiddle training, fiddle lesson, fiddle lessons,
fiddle teacher, fiddle teachers, fiddle instructor, fiddle instructors, fiddle
tutor, fiddle tutors, fiddle coach, fiddle coaches, fiddle class, fiddle
classes, fiddle school, fiddle schools, music training, music lesson, music
lessons, music teacher, music teachers, music instructor, music instructors,
music tutor, music tutors, music coach, music coaches, music class, music
classes, music school, music schools, suzuki music lesson, suzuki music lessons,
music lesson suzuki, music lessons suzuki, suzuki music school, suzuki music
schools, suzuki music, music suzuki, suzuki music method, suzuki music teacher,
suzuki music teachers, suzuki music class, suzuki music classes, private music
training, private music lesson, private music lessons, private music teacher,
private music teachers, private music instructor, private music instructors,
private music tutor, private music tu

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times-Standard (California)

                             October 4, 2015 Sunday

First fiddle;
Arcata teen takes top prize in national competition

BYLINE: Heather Shelton >> hshelton@times-standard.com

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 843 words

ABSTRACT

Fiddle champion

FULL TEXT

An Arcata High School freshman has been named the 2015 U.S. National Junior
Scottish Fiddle Champion by Scottish FIRE, the North American association for
Scottish fiddling.

"When they called my name, it was ... surprising," said 13-year-old Olivia
Gerving of Arcata, who was awarded top fiddling honors on Sept. 12 at a
competition held during the Edinboro Highland Games & Scottish Festival in
Edinboro, Pennsylvania.

The goal of Scottish FIRE - short for Scottish Fiddling Revival Ltd. - is to
preserve and promote Scottish fiddling through education, competition and the
support of aspiring and established Scottish fiddlers.

Olivia - who will turn 14 Thursday - is already a seasoned musician. She has
been playing classical violin and fiddle since she was 4 years old. By the time
she was 5, she was attending the Sierra Fiddle Camp near Nevada City. Alasdair
Fraser, recognized throughout the world as one of the best fiddle players to
come from Scotland, runs the weeklong intensive-study camp situated in the
foothills of the Sierra Nevada.

"When she came back from that camp, she was just this little 5-year-old walking
around the house playing these fiddle tunes and she wouldn't put it down. It was
amazing," said Katie Gerving, Olivia's mom.

Over the years, Olivia - who also plays piano and cello - has studied with
various local instructors, including Sherry Hanson, Sam McNeill, Mary DeAndreis
and Dr. Cindy Moyer.

"The support people she's had in both fiddle and classical (violin) have been so
amazing," Katie Gerving said.

While attending Jacoby Creek School in Bayside, Olivia was selected for several
years to participate with other outstanding area music students in the All
County Music Festival. Last year, her violin skills earned her a spot in the
All-State Honor Band in Fresno, where Olivia played with some of the best youth
musicians in the state.

In recognition of Olivia's musical accomplishments, the local Rising Stars
Foundation - created by the Humboldt County Office of Education in 2006 to
promote and recognize excellence in local schoolchildren - provided financial
assistance to help the teen pursue her musical dreams, awarding her $250 for
travel to the All-State Honor Band and another $500 for her trip to the Scottish
FIRE competition.

"For the 2014-15 school year, the foundation supported exceptional music
students with a total of $8,000 in travel scholarships," said Rising Stars
Managing Director Colleen Toste. "... Olivia Gerving is a perfect example of the
caliber of students we have here locally that are so deserving of our support."

Whether playing classical violin or fiddle music, Olivia uses a very special
instrument: a violin that once belonged to her great-great aunt, Glenore Hanna,
who used to perform professionally in Arizona. And while she uses the same
instrument for both genres, she says there is a distinct difference between
classical violin and fiddle styles.

"With classical, there's a structure and everyone plays it a certain way, but
with fiddle, everyone has their different way of playing it," Olivia said.

Scottish FIRE's competitions - there are numerous events around the country -
offer fiddlers of all ages a chance to meet and play with fellow Scottish
fiddlers, learn from judges who are recognized experts in the field and perform
in a friendly, relaxed environment.

To qualify to attend the nationals, Olivia first had to compete at a regional
competition, where she received first-place honors. Then in September, she
headed to Edinboro for a chance to compete against nine other regional junior
competition winners from around the country.

"She did a really great job," said Brian Gerving, Olivia's dad. "... We were
really happy for her."

During the event, Olivia had to play four songs in front of the judges, event
organizers and an audience. She performed the slow, melodic air "In Dispraise of
Whisky," then, after a short break, played the march "Balmoral Highlanders," the
strathspey (dance song) "The Iron Man" and the reel "Angus Campbell" in one long
set.

"They want to see how you play and see how you transition between the (songs),"
Olivia said. (To see Olivia and other competitors perform, visit
http://tinyurl.com/oliviafiddle.)

The nine young fiddlers played a lengthy jam session (visit the Scottish FIRE
Facebook page to see a video of the jam session) as judges determined the
winners. Olivia not only won the 2015 U.S. National Junior Scottish Fiddle
Champion title, but was also recognized for playing the best air and best marsh
during the junior competition.

"A lot of it is street credit," Olivia said. "People know your name and people
know who you are and they know that you are good. I think it opens up a lot of
doors for going to camps and it's something to put on applications," said
Olivia, who plans to one day become a lawyer.

As the national winner, Olivia also received a $100 cash prize and earned a $450
scholarship to the Jink & Diddle School of Scottish Fiddling, a weeklong
immersive camp held in North Carolina.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Union-Recorder (Milledgeville, Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 30, 2008 Saturday

Randy D. Howard held the world on a fiddle string

BYLINE: Daniel McDonald, The Union-Recorder, Milledgeville, Ga.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 673 words


Aug. 30--Not all of Milledgeville's history is old. And not all of it has to do
with the state or the Civil War, either.

On occasion, Milledgeville is blessed by a moment of pure beauty and those
persons who spend a lifetime making joyful noise.

One such person is the late Randy D. Howard, whose fiddle playing graced the
albums of countless country and bluegrass musicians and provided the soundtrack
to many championship afternoons at bluegrass festivals and fiddle championships.

Howard is, perhaps, the world's most accomplished fiddle players and one of the
most musically-inclined people to be raised in Milledgeville. He won the fiddle
World Championship in 1979, won the Grand Master Championship on the fiddle in
1985, was an eight-time national champion, four-time Tennessee Old Time Fiddler
and even won the 1990 national championship on the mandolin.

On the occasion of Howard being inducted into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame in
Macon, famous guitar picker and country record producer Chet Atkins said of
Howard: "I just heard the news that there is an effort to get Randy Howard into
the Georgia Music Hall of Fame. I believe this to be an excellent idea. I've
tried to use the very best musicians available when I record and I used him on
my last album. He's an excellent fiddle player and I highly recommend him for
the honor."

Faye Howard, Howard's mother who still lives in Milledgeville, said that
Howard's father taught him the rudiments of the fiddle when he was 8 or 9 years
old and told him to go out on his own from there.

"Randy never came back for help," she said. "He bought records and CDs and
listened to them picking up things from the recordings."

Howard's talent on the fiddle and other musical instruments including mandolin,
guitar and voice took Howard across the country and even overseas, performing at
festivals, competitions and joining country music legends such as Bill Monroe,
Chet Atkins, George Jones and even newer country phonemes like Garth Brooks,
Bela Fleck and Alison Krauss.

Faye Howard said that Alison Krauss used to follow Howard around to just about
every bluegrass festival at which he performed.

"Her parents would call to ask if Randy would be at certain events, he'd say
yes, and they'd show up there," Faye Howard said.

Alison Krauss called Howard "simply one of the best fiddle players that has ever
lived."

But Howard probably came into contact with the most country stars after leaving
Milledgeville to be a studio musician in Nashville, the country music capital of
the world.

Howard contributed fiddle to albums for Chet Atkins, Shelby Lynn, Garth Brooks,
J.D. Crowe, Vince Gill and the New South. Howard recorded two of his own albums:
"I Rest My Case" and his debut "Survival of the Fiddlest."

Faye Howard said that he named his debut album "Survival of the Fiddlest"
because so many musicians go to Nashville to live the musician's life, but can't
make a living from it. Randy Howard did.

"He said music was his life, if it wasn't for music he didn't know what he would
have done," Faye Howard said.

But his mother said that when Randy Howard was not making people happy by
playing the music he loved, he was cracking jokes to get the same effect.

At the time of his passing in June 1999, longtime friend and accompanist Sandy
Dimon of Milledgeville said that Howard taught her several life lessons that can
benefit us all: "When you have found your life's work, do it well. Have fun.
Remember your friends. Know who they are. Brag, if you must, on yourself, not on
your connections. Enjoy a good meal. Face your troubles with humor, underpinned
by strength and courage."

To see more of The Union-Recorder or to subscribe, go to
http://www.unionrecorder.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Union-Recorder,
Milledgeville, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080830-UG-Randy-D-Howard-held-the-world-on-a-fiddle-string-0830

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UG


                                 Copyright 2008


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    January 5, 1988, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

His fiddling has turned into an art

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. F2

LENGTH: 505 words

DATELINE: FREDERICTON, New Brunswick


   FREDERICTON (CP) - Clayton Boudreau's violins are nothing to sneeze at, but
he sneezes all the time, anyway.

Boudreau, 56, was forced to retire five years ago because of severe allergies.
Headaches and sneezing attacks were so common he couldn't carry on with his work
as a mechanic and carpenter.

At the urging of some friends, he put his natural ear for music and woodworking
skills to use by making violins and fiddles. In four years, his reputation has
spread as far as the Boston Pops Orchestra, where six of his instruments are in
use and two more are being tested.

While he enjoys making violins, his allergies still plague him.

"Seems like I'm allergic to just about everything," he says. "Even making
violins - the sawdust and all."

A slow art

Between bouts with his allergies, Boudreau has made 40 violins and fiddles. He
admits production is slow, but that's part of the art.

"It takes about a month to make one, there's no way to speed it up," he says.
"It takes about 150 hours."

Boudreau's products don't come cheap. Fiddles start at about $800, while a top
of the line violin will run you $3,000.

Aside from price, fiddles and violins have other differences. Fiddles don't have
the same quality and range of notes as a violin, mostly because of the different
grades of wood involved in construction.

Boudreau says each requires 76 hand-made pieces and a lot of care.

Although he now plays fiddle in a community band, Boudreau's first experience
with the instrument 20 years ago didn't create a stampede of offers from Don
Messer, or anyone else.

"It was hopeless," he says, blaming the difficulty he had on the poor quality of
the instrument. He says the wood in the back plate and top plate of the fiddle
were not in tune.

Boudreau should know.

He amazes friends by being able to find wood with the best tonal properties
simply by tapping it with his knuckles. As a boy he could tune his friends'
guitars and fiddles perfectly, although he was unable to play himself.

Won praise

Boudreau has added some innovations to violin crafting that have won him praise
locally and internationally.

For example, music is piped into the heated cupboard where the violins are left
to dry after varnishing. The music causes the wood to vibrate, not only helping
the varnish to set deeper, but also giving the finished product a more resonant
tone.

Selection of wood is vital, and Boudreau imports his from Tulsa, Okla.

"Old wood naturally dried under controlled humidity, 40 years old if possible,"
he says. "It's expensive but worth it."

Boudreau's craftsmanship doesn't stop with violins. He also has built two
grandfather clocks, what he believes is the largest cribbage board in New
Brunswick, several mantle clocks, coffee tables and a mandolin.

And as a musician, he has come a long way since that fumbling first experience
with the fiddle. He has added the guitar, mandolin, organ and mouth organ to his
repertoire, as well as finally mastering the fiddle.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CP photo Clayton Boudreau with violins

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 14, 2013 Sunday
                                 Drive Edition

Byron Berline shares stories of notable music career in new book

BYLINE: DINO LALLI, For The Oklahoman

SECTION: SUNDAY LIFE; DISCOVER OKLAHOMA; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 560 words


It's very impressive when you think The Rolling Stones called Byron Berline to
record with them.

Berline, of Guthrie, has also recorded with Bob Dylan, Elton John, The Doobie
Brothers, Willie Nelson and Rod Stewart, just to drop a few names.

To put it simply, musical legend Berline, given the names with whom he's
recorded, is not only an enormously talented, gifted musician, but he also is
quite humble and very funny. He's just the kind of person whose easygoing nature
makes it fun to be around him.

Berline tells many of his stories in a new book, "Byron Berline: A Fiddler's
Diary," published in April by New Forums Press.

Berline started playing the fiddle at age 5. He ran track for the University of
Oklahoma and received a degree in physical education but ended up working in Los
Angeles for 26 years. He and his wife moved back to Oklahoma in 1996 and soon
opened the Double Stop Fiddle Shop and Music Hall in Guthrie.

Berline's father had been a fiddle collector for many years, but in 1987, Byron
started collecting.

In his folksy way, Berline told me about collecting:

"It just kind of gets into you like a rusty fish hook, an old man told me one
time," Berline said. "And it does, you know, I love trading and selling and
swapping instruments."

At his shop in Guthrie, you'll find a rather large selection of violins or
fiddles, whatever you prefer to call them. When I asked Berline what's the
difference between a violin and a fiddle, he told me, "There's no difference. A
lot of people think there's a difference between a fiddle and a violin. So I say
what's the difference between a car and an automobile? And they say, 'Oh, I
guess there's nothing.'" And then Berline laughs.

On selected Saturday evenings, you can hear Berline and his very talented band
play upstairs in the music hall. He has many season ticket holders, but you can
also call in advance to make sure they aren't sold out.

It was Bill Monroe and The Dillards who presented incredible opportunities for
Berline.

Berline admits he was in the right place at the right time but had the talent to
keep it going. And Berline not only showed his ability, he excelled, and his
musical career was off and running.

So many stories

Berline tells a funny story about when The Rolling Stones called and asked if he
would record with them.

They flew him to California the day after the call, and Berline found himself in
the studio with all the Stones and their producer. They needed Berline's musical
talents on "Country Honk," a country version of "Honky Tonk Women," from their
album called "Let It Bleed."

They ended up asking Berline to record the song not in the studio, but on the
sidewalk right off Sunset Boulevard. Berline said it was getting dark and damp.
At one point, he was playing and his bow slipped and made a little sound he
wasn't happy with at the time.

But that was the take everyone liked. Berline asked if they heard his bow slip.
And they said it was fine. To this day, when Berline hears that song, he can
still hear that bow slip.

It is that story and many more that you can read about in his new book. You'll
also learn how Berline has appeared in movies and television series. For more
information, go online to his website at http://doublestop.com.

Dino Lalli is the producer, a reporter and co-host of the weekly TV travel show
"AAA's Discover Oklahoma."

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Byron Berline performs frequently in Guthrie at the Music Hall
next to the Double Stop Fiddle Shop. PHOTO PROVIDED
Photo 2: Byron Berline has recorded with many of the music world's legends
through the years. PHOTO PROVIDED

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               April 27, 2000, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION
                              Correction Appended

LOS ANGELES MUSICIAN PORTRAYS HISTORIC ST. CHARLES MAN

BYLINE: Peggy Bradbury; Special To The St. Charles County Post

SECTION: ST. CHARLES COUNTY POST, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 856 words


* Daniel Slosberg's living history persona, Pierre Cruzatte, was the best of two
fiddle-players on the Lewis and Clark Expedition.

Pierre Cruzatte - also known as Daniel Slosberg - flew in from Los Angeles to
fiddle around St. Louis and St. Charles earlier this month.

Cruzatte, the one-eyed, nearsighted member of the Lewis and Clark Expedition who
shot Meriwether Lewis in the buttocks, is Slosberg's alter living history
persona.

"I am a Pierre Cruzatte fanatic from LA," said Slosberg, 42, a former school
administrator who came to St. Louis to attend a convention for the National
Association for Interpretation on April 4-8. Some attendees visited the Lewis
and Clark Museum, where Slosberg played a brief set, alternating between fiddle,
jews harp and spoons.

In researching music for his show, Slosberg found Los Angeles-area musicians who
taught him how to play the spoons, the bones and the jews harp, as well as a
step dancer (similar to clog dancing). "It's one of the advantages of living in
LA, everything's there," Slosberg said. The musical bones "look very similar to
ribs from a barbecue."

In June, Slosberg quit his job as head of an elementary school in Santa Monica,
Calif., to pursue a career as an interpretive, or living history, musician. "I
needed to be playing the fiddle," Slosberg said.

His living history persona, Cruzatte, who was from St. Charles, was the best of
two fiddle-players on the expedition. The other musician, George Gibson, more or
less played second fiddle. Cruzatte was also an expert riverman and skilled in
sign language. His mother was from Omaha, his father, French-Canadian.

Cruzatte was "probably the most important fiddle-player in American history,"
Slosberg said. Not only did the voyageur entertain the Corps of Discovery each
night, who danced to his tunes, he also played for native tribes encountered by
the expedition. The Indians responded with singing and dancing of their own. The
fiddle "turned out to be an important diplomatic tool," Slosberg said.

Slosberg, who wore a leather patch over one eye to portray Cruzatte, didn't know
how the voyageur lost his eye. Although Cruzatte's river e xpertise and fiddle
playing made him valuable to the expedition, his adventures as a hunter made him
the butt of some funny stories.

Cruzatte was the first member of the expedition to find, shoot at, and run away
from a grizzly bear, all in the same few moments.

Another time, Cruzatte wounded a buffalo, then hid in a ravine after the beast
charged.

Although Cruzatte denied shooting Lewis in the rear end as the two were elk
hunting, the spent bullet, which exited the wound on its own, was a .54 caliber
from a U.S. Army Model 1803. Lewis was obliged to ride face down in the boat as
his wound healed.

Slosberg, who is of Russian-Jewish heritage, learned to play classical violin as
a youngster but quit when he was 12, partly because he thought it was "sissy,"
and partly because he didn't want to admit that he couldn't read music.

He'd learned to play by ear. In college, he took a recreational fiddle course
taught by a Canadian teacher, Louis Leger, which turned out to be his most
important course in college, he said.

Later, he went to the Shetland Islands to learn fiddle-playing techniques. He
also learned to read music.

The fiddle and the violin are the same instrument, said Slosberg, who plays a
19th-century violin that belonged to his grandfather, Sam Lees.

"It's like the difference between Pete Seeger and Pavarotti," Slosberg said.
"Both sing, they're using the same instrument, but it's done in a completely
different way."

Unlike music for the violin, fiddle music is not always written down, and it is
interpreted differently by each musician.

"It's like the difference between real storytelling and reading a book," he
added.

Two years ago - 197 years after it began - the Lewis and Clark Expedition
changed the direction of Slosberg's life.

A music teacher at the school told him about a Ken Burns documentary on the
Lewis and Clark Expedition. "I said, 'Who are Lewis and Clark?'"

As he learned more, he was captivated by the character of Cruzatte, and passed
it on to his four children, Ben, 6, Hannah and William, 3, and Noah, 2.

"They were all born before I really got immersed in Lewis and Clark, or one of
them might have ended up being Meriwether," named for Capt. Meriwether Lewis. As
it is, Hannah insists that she is Pompey, the son born to Sacagawea on the
expedition.

The turning point came a few months after first learning about the expedition.
Slosberg's youngest son, Noah, was a newborn and his father was dying.

"Driving to the hospital to visit my father, listening to fiddle music ...  I
had the epiphany, or realization, that I had to play the fiddle."

At the time, he was also reading a book about Thomas Jefferson. "Thomas
Jefferson had come to a moment in his life that all men get to in their 40th
year," Slosberg said. "He had cashed in all the blank checks of his youth, and
he knew he had to make the decision to determine the course of the rest of his
life."

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

CORRECTION-DATE: April 28, 2000

CORRECTION: The mother of Pierre Cruzatte, a member of the Lewis and Clark
expedition, was an Omaha Indian. The information is misstated in the following
story.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Color photo by PEGGY BRADBURY  - Daniel Slosberg, a musician from
Los Angeles, chats with his eye patch raised. His living history persona is
one-eyed Pierre Cruzatte of St. Charles, who played fiddle for the members on
the Lewis and Clark expedition.

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Valdosta Daily Times (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 26, 2012 Wednesday

OPINION: Poet, storyteller does more than fiddle around

BYLINE: Dean Poling, The Valdosta Daily Times, Ga.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 347 words


Sept. 26--VALDOSTA -- Trying to name exactly what Ken Waldman does is no easy
task. It would be easier to say he does it all and define the specifics from
there.

The poster for Waldman's Annette Howell Turner Center for the Arts performance
this weekend notes that he's an "Alaskan fiddler, poet, and storyteller."

Even he tries finding a familiar touchstone to describe what he does.

"If it helps, I've been compared to Garrison Keillor, which can further place
some of what I sometimes do," Waldman says.

In addition to Waldman, the arts center event will feature "The Secret Visitor,"
a likely reference to "ace Florida musician" Chuck Levy, a fiddler and banjo
player. "Chuck Levy has traveled to Africa, which informs what he does with the
banjo," Waldman says.

"At the Sunday show, an audience will get a familyfriendly mix of fiddle/banjo.
Chuck also plays fiddle, so there'll be twin fiddle which made for many
difficulties, but allowed me time and freedom to start this business of
combining writing, music, performing, and teaching. My first jobs were in 1995.
By 2001, I drove out of Alaska, and it seems I've been driving around the
country ever since, though it will be my first time ever officially appearing in
Valdosta."

Waldman's Valdosta visit was helped through a long friendship with Marty
Williams, a VSU English professor. Waldman often visits Williams while touring.
During one such visit, earlier this year, Waldman arranged this performance with
the arts center.

But the show will be one more stop in the life of a traveling poet-musician.
Waldman spends more time away than in Alaska.

"Though I've been an Alaska resident since 1985, I'm rarely in state these days
... The past weeks I've been driving from Colorado to Michigan to Florida. Later
in October, I have a four-day arts residency in Slidell, La., so I'm getting
around. I always enjoy doing events and meeting folks in the Deep South."

___ (c)2012 The Valdosta Daily Times (Valdosta, Ga.) Visit The Valdosta Daily
Times (Valdosta, Ga.) at www.valdostadailytimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120926-VD-OPINION-Poet-storyteller-does-more-than-fiddle
-around-0926-20120926

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VD


                    Copyright 2012 The Valdosta Daily Times


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                             August 13, 2006 Sunday

No fiddlin' around

BYLINE: Dennis Rich, The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 616 words


Aug. 13--Clusters of fiddlers gather beneath shade trees behind the Touchstone
Energy stage. They are warming up before the Missouri Fiddling Championship,
which took place Saturday at the Missouri State Fair.

The competition, a regular part of the fair, is the premiere fiddling event in
the state. It is divided into three divisions: the junior division, which is
open to youths 16 and under; the senior division, open to players 60 and older;
and an open division for all participants. The winner of the open division is
considered the state champion.

Sitting on a bench behind the Touchstone Energy stage, Junior Marriott, last
year's open division champion, strums along on guitar as former student Jansen
Cheek draws his bow through a traditional waltz. This will be 17-year-old
Jansen's first year in the open division of the competition.

Not far away, 12-year-old Bryan Biswell's nimble fingers dance across the neck
of his fiddle as his brother, James, accompanies him on guitar. This is the
first year at the State Fair event for the Fayette natives, but they have
competed in fiddle competitions around the state.

When asked if he was nervous about his debut he shrugged and rolled his eyes.
"Not really," he said, nestling his fiddle with confidence between his chin and
shoulder.

Mr. Marriott said that players at the Missouri competition play Texas-style
fiddle. He said Texas-style was "just a little more fun. It usually has more
guitar and accompaniment with it."

Mr. Marriott, who has won the championship several times, took home his first
Missouri championship at the age of 17. He will be a judge at this year's event.
His son, Cody, will compete in the open division.

Mr. Cheek, of Lynchburg, said he was at a bluegrass festival in Missouri when he
first became interested in the fiddle.

"I saw all these old guys sitting around and playing. That's when I got bit.
There is something about feeling the vibration against your chin and hearing the
music come out. It's just really stimulating," Mr. Cheek said.

He said he won his first competition two years ago in Oklahoma and hopes to
place this year. He said it made it a little easier for him knowing that Mr.
Marriott would be a judge.

"You have to try and read judges. They tend to like fiddle player's whose style
is like their own. It takes some of the pressure off knowing Junior and knowing
what he likes," Mr. Cheek said.

Open division contestant Howard Marshall, a retired art history and archeology
professor at University of Missouri-Colombia, said that Missouri was steeped in
fiddle tradition and history.

"Missouri was the first state organized from the Louisiana Purchase. From here
everyone went out west and the fiddle went with them. You can use the lineage to
trace back through the Germans, the Scotch-Irish, and the colonial French who
introduced the instrument.

"I don't just like to play. I like the history behind it. That's part of the
fun, just tracing the history," Mr. Marshall said.

Sharon Graff, a competition judge from Springfield, Ill., compared the fiddle to
an iPod.

"Before we had these little devices to play popular music, we had the fiddle. It
was lightweight and durable and it traveled well. Lewis and Clark took two
fiddle players along with them to keep them entertained. They even played a
diplomatic role by playing for Indian tribes and by learning Indian songs," Ms.
Graff said.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060813-SX-0813-No-fiddlin-around

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2006 The Sedalia Democrat


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 Fiddle-icious

                               286 Lincoln Street
                           South Portland,  ME 04106
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (207) 799-8909
URL: www.fiddleicious.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Fiddle-icious is comprised of a diverse group of enthusiastic fiddlers and
other musicians of all ages and all walks of life. The group's music features
tunes passed on from our Scottish, Irish, Quebecois, and Acadian ancestors. The
primary goal of Fiddle-icious is to keep the tradition alive by sharing Maine's
musical heritage with the community.  Fiddle-icious evolved out of a monthly
fiddle workshop led by Don Roy, a phenomenal fiddler who is hailed as a "living
cultural treasure" here in Maine. Both Don and his wife Cindy grew up in French
Canadian families where music was an integral part of their lives. They are
steeped in the traditions that have been passed down from one generation to the
next. Their desire to share and foster community through music is a testimony to
their commitment to keeping the heritage alive.  All are welcome to join Fiddle
-icious - it does not matter what instrument you play, or how well you play. We
have a great team of volunteers within the group who help make playing with
Fiddle-icious an exciting and fun experience. All of us work hard, and while we
may make mistakes, we play some incredible music.  Fiddle tunes only live as
long as they are played. Both the tunes and the people who make up Fiddle-icious
create an atmosphere of infectious energy and joy. Get your feet tapping . . .
you are bound to smile when you hear the music created by Fiddle-icious!

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Greenville Herald-Banner (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 10, 2016 Sunday

BRIEF: Council to receive report on fiddle festival

BYLINE: Brad Kellar, The Herald Banner, Greenville, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 219 words


Jan. 10--The Greenville City Council is set this week to receive a recap of the
second annual Bob Wills Fiddle Festival & Contest, with organizers already
looking ahead to staging a festival again this year.

The council is scheduled to accept a "Post Event Report Form" concerning the
festival during Tuesday's regular session, starting at 6 p.m. in the Municipal
Building, 2821 Washington Street. A work session is also set for 5 p.m. Tuesday.

Downtown Greenville was filled with hand clapping, toe tapping, resin flying
music during the Bob Wills Fiddle Festival & Contest Oct. 15-18, 2015.

Approximately 50 musicians entered the second annual contest, competing in seven
different divisions and came from as far away as Spokane, Wash., and Denver,
Colo.

Organizers of the event received $2,000 from the city's hotel/motel taxes, which
the report indicated was used primarily for public relations and advertising
purposes.

Three local hotels -- the Best Western Plus Holiday Inn Express and Hampton Inn
-- reported 185 rooms were occupied during the 2015 festival and contest.

Event planners are already preparing an early press release for the 2016
festival.

___ (c)2016 The Herald Banner (Greenville, Texas) Visit The Herald Banner
(Greenville, Texas) at www.heraldbanner.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160110-GC-BRF-Council-to-receive-report-on-fiddle
-festival-0110-20160110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GC


                    Copyright 2016 Greenville Herald-Banner


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Bows Will Be Flying At New Holland Fiddler's Picnic

BYLINE: Carole Deck Correspondent

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


BY CAROLE DECK

Correspondent

Labor Day will bring hundreds of musicians to New Holland for the 26th Fiddler's
Picnic.

The event runs from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday at the Community Memorial Park.

Ken Myers, president of New Holland Summer Arts Association, said the first
Fiddler's Picnic was held in 1988.

"The first two years it was held on a Saturday in July, but became a Labor Day
favorite of the Summer Arts Program," said Myers.

Ron McVey of Strasburg, an award-winning state champion fiddler, has been emcee
for the picnic since 1991. Roger Eberlin of West Grove joined him in 1998.

"It's the granddaddy of fiddler's picnics," said Eberlin.

McVey agreed, stating the day-long fiddler festivities draws more than 1,000
musicians and some 3,000 spectators from all over the state, as well as
Delaware, Maryland and New Jersey.

Summit Hill Bluegrass, Eberlin and McVey's band, will open the Monday event.

Eberlin plays the upright bass fiddle, mandolin and guitar and sings lead and
harmony.

McVey plays fiddle, guitar and bass.

During the opening act, musical groups and single musicians sign up for the
opportunity to play on stage during the day on a first-come, first-served basis.

Eberlin explained that the highlight for the musicians is the jamming and
harmony singing taking place throughout the day.

Music venues include Bluegrass, gospel, folk and old country played by the
multi-instrumentalists.

While the focus is on fiddle music, groups gather with a fiddle, guitar, banjo,
bass, fiddle or mandolin to jam together.

"It's not uncommon to hear musicians say at the end of the day, 'I played for 10
hours straight and could play for 10 more,' " said Eberlin, a retired field
engineer for 3M, with a chuckle.

He said young people interested in string instruments can learn a lot just by
coming to observe and talk to the musicians who are always willing to give
advice.

McVey, fire safety manager for Activar Construction Products Group, Lancaster,
likened the event to a big family reunion.

"You see people once a year, catch up and play music together," he said.

Food is available for purchase from the New Holland Lions Club.

"We invite everyone to come on down and share the experience of the Fiddler's
Picnic. It's a family event that will put a smile on your face," said Eberlin.

New Holland Community Memorial Park is located on Jackson Street.

For more Elanco area news, visit:

MyElancoNews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Carole Deck Roger Eberlin, Left, And Ron Mcvey Practice For The
Fiddler's Picnic To Be Held On Labor Day. The Event Is Sponsored By The New
Holland Summer Art Association.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Scottish fiddler drawn to small-town gigs

BYLINE: Mike Devlin, Times Colonist

SECTION: GO!; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 637 words


What: Alasdair Fraser and Natalie Haas with Coastline

When: Saturday, 7:30 p.m. (doors at 7)

Where: Fairfield United Church

Tickets: $20 at Long and McQuade, Larsen School of Music and Ivy's Bookshop

Note: Fraser and Haas will also perform Friday at the Big Yellow Merville Hall
in the Comox Valley

Celebrated fiddler Alasdair Fraser - who was born in Clackmannan, Scotland, and
lives in Nevada City, California - has spent long stretches of his life in two
cities with populations of just over 3,000 people.

It's not that he doesn't like large environs. Fraser was schooled in Boston at
the Berklee College of Music, after all. But his fondness for the quiet life
explains why, despite a tour schedule that includes upcoming dates in New York
and Nashville, he looks forward to playing out-of-the-way places whenever he's
asked.

"I think people who choose to live in places like that appreciate a lot of the
same things I do - community, music-making and having a good time," Fraser said
recently from his home in the mountains of northern California. "It's a good
antidote, in a way, to the touring hustle and bustle."

Fraser is back on Vancouver Island this week for concerts Friday in the
community of Merville, north of Courtenay, and Saturday in Victoria. He's a big
fan of B.C., having played the region numerous times over his lengthy career.
What keeps him coming back is the people, especially those who like to "roll
back the carpet and have a dance," said Fraser, who maintains that's the way
Scottish fiddle music is meant to be enjoyed.

"The fiddle is an instrument that seems to wield quite a power. It will make
people do things they never thought they would do that day. It makes people
dance. The fiddle burns hot, in many ways. It can change the room."

Fraser has made his name as one of the foremost practitioners of Scottish
traditional music, through his own albums and concerts and the four fiddle
academies he founded. Fraser now has fiddle schools under his watch in
California, Spain and Scotland. It was in one of those schools that he met
Californian cellist Natalie Haas, then just 11 years old. The upstart performer
had such talent that when Haas was 16, she was drafted into a group with Fraser
on fiddle. The two have recorded four albums during their 15 years as a duo, all
for Fraser's Culburnie Records label. Regular tours, such as the one that brings
Fraser and Haas to Vancouver Island this week, have furthered the limits of the
unique cello-fiddle pairing, Fraser said.

"We wanted to see what we could say with a fiddle and a cello, without adding
anything. There is a certain amount of real estate in a band, but given the
space Natalie has in our wee ensemble, she can fill it and does."

The duo is now one of the leading acts pushing the cello and violin combination
in new directions, well outside their classical-music comfort zones.

"It used to be that people were skeptical about playing jazz or rock on a
violin, but now it's become one of the voices," Fraser said. "I suppose things
just have their turn. It's hard to explain. But from a player's point of view, I
certainly see the usefulness of the instrument."

He envisioned a similar future for the cello. Before his bandmate and student
began exploring the cello and its role in traditional music, the instrument fit
in a tiny, unforgiving stylistic box.

Now, with Haas - a Juilliard School of Music graduate and Montreal resident who
also teaches at the Berklee College of Music - on a new journey, the instrument
has all the freedom it needs.

"My goal was to unleash this cello, which had become kind of sleepy," Fraser
said. "There is a precedent and I was curious to what happened to it. That was
part of the challenge, to see what we could say with it. We have released it
from its orchestral shackles." mdevlin@timescolonist.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Submitted; Alasdair Fraser and Natalie Haas perform at Fairfield United
Church on Saturday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

Musicians kick off statewide Open Fiddle Championship and Picking Contest in
Oroville

BYLINE: By Barbara Arrigoni barrigoni@orovillemr.com @OMRBarbara on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 543 words


OROVILLE >> Lively hoe-down tunes and smooth waltzes sailed on the afternoon
breeze Friday afternoon as musicians from all over California gathered for the
48th annual Open Fiddle Championship and Picking Contest at the Municipal
Auditorium in Oroville.

The two-day competition continues today, hosted by the California Old Time
Fiddlers Association.

On Friday afternoon, the sweet sound of violins, bass fiddles and guitars echoed
toward the street as individual competitors warmed up alone or jammed with
others.

Many of the musicians competing Friday have been playing their whole lives.

Practicing outside, gray-haired Joan Kirk said she started playing the violin
when she was 7 years old.

"That doesn't mean I'm that good," she quipped. "I'm hanging in there."

Carol McCollum, of Chula Vista, said she's been playing fiddle for 60 years. She
practiced fiddle to the accompaniment of Weaverville resident John French on
guitar.

One of the youngest people at the auditorium Friday was McCollum's
granddaughter, 14-year-old Shira Ellison.

The two sat on a low wall with the historic Oroville Inn forming a picturesque
backdrop in the distance.

Ellison played both lively and plaintive tunes. Compared to her grandmother, she
has been playing a relatively short time, eight years. However, she has a good
start on a very old instrument.

"She's playing her grandpa's fiddle," McCollum noted. "It was made in 1774 in
Italy."

San Diego resident Dan Touchstone was one of many other musicians who followed a
parent's footsteps. He has been playing fiddle for 60 years, but only began
competing 12 years ago.

"I got my first fiddle at age 4," Touchstone said. "My father was a fiddler."

Inside the auditorium, people competed in three divisions: senior-senior, senior
and anything goes, said Ruth Oveland, chairman of the board hosting the event.

Each contestant played three songs.

The Senior-Senior division was for musicians age 70 and older. Senior players
were between 60 and 69 years old.

One man who performed in the senior-senior preliminaries has been playing fiddle
for 72 years, the announcer said during the contest.

Although the audience was nearly full, there were just under two dozen fiddlers,
not counting musicians who accompanied them. Oveland said 13 people registered
to compete in the senior-senior division and nine in the senior slot.

Last year's event drew around 94 fiddlers and pickers for the entire two days,
but Oveland wasn't sure how many will play this year. It depends on the weather.

"When the weather is good, we expect more to come," she said. "When it rains,
people don't show up."

Today, the championship begins at 8 a.m. for preliminaries of young adults, ages
18 to 36; juniors,ages 13 to 17; junior-junior, ages 9 to 12; and peewees, ages
8 and under.

One entrant today is 4 years old.

The morning session ends with a lunch break and the contest resumes from 1-5
p.m.

After a dinner break, the competition goes from 6 p.m. to around 10 p.m. Awards
will be given during the evening session.

Admission is free to anyone who wants to attend, though donations will be
accepted.

The Municipal Auditorium is located at 1200 Myers St., off Montgomery Street.
Parking is available.

Contact Reporter Barbara Arrigoni at 533-3136 orbarrigoni@orovillemr.com .

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Musicians Dan Touchstone (left) and Dave Johns practice "Stardust"
Friday afternoon at the 48th annual Fiddle Championship and Picking Contest at
the Municipal Auditorium. California Old Time Fiddlers Association kicks of the
48th annual Open Fiddle Championship and Picking Contest Friday, March 14, 2013,
in Oroville, Calif. (Barbara Arrigoni - Mercury-Register)
Shira Ellison (left), 14, and her grandma, Carol McCollum play a fiddle duet
outside the Muncipal Auditorium Friday afternoon. California Old Time Fiddlers
Association kicks of the 48th annual Open Fiddle Championship and Picking
Contest Friday, March 14, 2013, in Oroville, Calif. (Barbara Arrigoni -
Mercury-Register)
Charlie Overland (left) and Al Myers make foot-tapping music at the annual Open
Fiddle Championship and Picking Contest Friday at the Municipal Auditorium.
California Old Time Fiddlers Association kicks of the 48th annual Open Fiddle
Championship and Picking Contest Friday, March 14, 2013, in Oroville, Calif.
(Barbara Arrigoni - Mercury-Register)
Joan Kirk warms up outside the Muncipal Auditorium before the Open Fiddle
Championship and Picking Contest begins Friday afternoon. California Old Time
Fiddlers Association kicks of the 48th annual Open Fiddle Championship and
Picking Contest Friday, March 14, 2013, in Oroville, Calif. (Barbara Arrigoni -
Mercury-Register)
Fiddler Billy Smith competes in the senior-senior division (age 70 and older) in
the Fiddle Championship preliminaries Friday afternoon. California Old Time
Fiddlers Association kicks of the 48th annual Open Fiddle Championship and
Picking Contest Friday, March 14, 2013, in Oroville, Calif. (Barbara Arrigoni -
Mercury-Register)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

Musicians kick off statewide Open Fiddle Championship and Picking Contest in
Oroville

BYLINE: By Barbara Arrigoni barrigoni@orovillemr.com @OMRBarbara on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 543 words


OROVILLE >> Lively hoe-down tunes and smooth waltzes sailed on the afternoon
breeze Friday afternoon as musicians from all over California gathered for the
48th annual Open Fiddle Championship and Picking Contest at the Municipal
Auditorium in Oroville.

The two-day competition continues today, hosted by the California Old Time
Fiddlers Association.

On Friday afternoon, the sweet sound of violins, bass fiddles and guitars echoed
toward the street as individual competitors warmed up alone or jammed with
others.

Many of the musicians competing Friday have been playing their whole lives.

Practicing outside, gray-haired Joan Kirk said she started playing the violin
when she was 7 years old.

"That doesn't mean I'm that good," she quipped. "I'm hanging in there."

Carol McCollum, of Chula Vista, said she's been playing fiddle for 60 years. She
practiced fiddle to the accompaniment of Weaverville resident John French on
guitar.

One of the youngest people at the auditorium Friday was McCollum's
granddaughter, 14-year-old Shira Ellison.

The two sat on a low wall with the historic Oroville Inn forming a picturesque
backdrop in the distance.

Ellison played both lively and plaintive tunes. Compared to her grandmother, she
has been playing a relatively short time, eight years. However, she has a good
start on a very old instrument.

"She's playing her grandpa's fiddle," McCollum noted. "It was made in 1774 in
Italy."

San Diego resident Dan Touchstone was one of many other musicians who followed a
parent's footsteps. He has been playing fiddle for 60 years, but only began
competing 12 years ago.

"I got my first fiddle at age 4," Touchstone said. "My father was a fiddler."

Inside the auditorium, people competed in three divisions: senior-senior, senior
and anything goes, said Ruth Oveland, chairman of the board hosting the event.

Each contestant played three songs.

The Senior-Senior division was for musicians age 70 and older. Senior players
were between 60 and 69 years old.

One man who performed in the senior-senior preliminaries has been playing fiddle
for 72 years, the announcer said during the contest.

Although the audience was nearly full, there were just under two dozen fiddlers,
not counting musicians who accompanied them. Oveland said 13 people registered
to compete in the senior-senior division and nine in the senior slot.

Last year's event drew around 94 fiddlers and pickers for the entire two days,
but Oveland wasn't sure how many will play this year. It depends on the weather.

"When the weather is good, we expect more to come," she said. "When it rains,
people don't show up."

Today, the championship begins at 8 a.m. for preliminaries of young adults, ages
18 to 36; juniors,ages 13 to 17; junior-junior, ages 9 to 12; and peewees, ages
8 and under.

One entrant today is 4 years old.

The morning session ends with a lunch break and the contest resumes from 1-5
p.m.

After a dinner break, the competition goes from 6 p.m. to around 10 p.m. Awards
will be given during the evening session.

Admission is free to anyone who wants to attend, though donations will be
accepted.

The Municipal Auditorium is located at 1200 Myers St., off Montgomery Street.
Parking is available.

Contact Reporter Barbara Arrigoni at 533-3136 orbarrigoni@orovillemr.com .

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fiddler Billy Smith competes in the senior-senior division (age 70 and
older) in the Fiddle Championship preliminaries Friday afternoon. California Old
Time Fiddlers Association kicks of the 48th annual Open Fiddle Championship and
Picking Contest Friday, March 14, 2013, in Oroville, Calif. (Barbara Arrigoni -
Mercury-Register)
Shira Ellison (left), 14, and her grandma, Carol McCollum play a fiddle duet
outside the Muncipal Auditorium Friday afternoon. California Old Time Fiddlers
Association kicks of the 48th annual Open Fiddle Championship and Picking
Contest Friday, March 14, 2013, in Oroville, Calif. (Barbara Arrigoni -
Mercury-Register)
Charlie Overland (left) and Al Myers make foot-tapping music at the annual Open
Fiddle Championship and Picking Contest Friday at the Municipal Auditorium.
California Old Time Fiddlers Association kicks of the 48th annual Open Fiddle
Championship and Picking Contest Friday, March 14, 2013, in Oroville, Calif.
(Barbara Arrigoni - Mercury-Register)
Joan Kirk warms up outside the Muncipal Auditorium before the Open Fiddle
Championship and Picking Contest begins Friday afternoon. California Old Time
Fiddlers Association kicks of the 48th annual Open Fiddle Championship and
Picking Contest Friday, March 14, 2013, in Oroville, Calif. (Barbara Arrigoni -
Mercury-Register)
Musicians Dan Touchstone (left) and Dave Johns practice "Stardust" Friday
afternoon at the 48th annual Fiddle Championship and Picking Contest at the
Municipal Auditorium. California Old Time Fiddlers Association kicks of the 48th
annual Open Fiddle Championship and Picking Contest Friday, March 14, 2013, in
Oroville, Calif. (Barbara Arrigoni - Mercury-Register)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            April 17, 2008 Thursday

Fiddle masters Jerry Holland and Ed Pearlman

BYLINE: Entertainment

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 290 words


BRATTLEBORO -- The Acoustic Music Series at Hooker-Dunham Theater & Gallery
continues with a fiddle twin bill featuring legendary Cape Breton fiddler Jerry
Holland and Ed Pearlman, Scottish fiddle, accompanied by Neil Pearlman, piano,
on Thursday, April 24, at 7:30 p.m.

Holland is one of the finest fiddlers and composers from Cape Breton, Nova
Scotia. He has traveled the world performing Cape Breton fiddling at concerts
and festivals, and his tunes have been recorded by many of the top Celtic bands.
An emotional performer, his concerts and recordings are always memorable.

Holland's expressive fiddling is so captivating that among the many CDs he has
recorded over the past 30 years, one of them actually presents only solo fiddle
-- very few players could keep listeners engaged with the fiddle alone as
Holland can.

Ed Pearlman has just released a fiddle CD with his son, Neil, on piano,
featuring their unique, tightly interwoven interpretation of Scottish and Cape
Breton fiddle music blended with jazz piano influences. Ed Pearlman's deep
knowledge of the music comes from more than 25 years working with top Celtic
artists as performer and director of the Scottish Fiddle Rally concert series,
the Celtic Festival at Boston's Hatch Shell, and at concerts, camps and
festivals throughout the U.S. and in Canada and Scotland.

Neil Pearlman has played Scottish and Cape Breton music all his life but is now
also an award-winning jazz pianist in Maine and New York. As a Cape Breton-style
stepdancer, he toured the East Coast with the Natalie MacMaster band.

Hooker-Dunham Theater & Gallery is at 139 Main St. Tickets for this show are $16
general, $14 for students and seniors. For ticket reservations and information,
call 802-254-9276.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           October 21, 2009 Wednesday

Old-time fiddle talk accompanies tonight's Arts Council meeting

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 244 words


BRATTLEBORO -- "Old Time Rules Will Prevail: The Fiddle Contest in Vermont,"
presented by Adam Boyce is a program of the Vermont Humanities Council, which
will be hosted by the Arts Council of Windham County at 7 p.m., tonight at the
Brattleboro Museum & Arts Center, 10 Vernon St. The Arts Council s Annual
Meeting and presentation of the annual Friend of the Arts Award will precede the
program.

Boyce, a 10th generation Vermonter and fiddler, has been involved with nearly
every aspect of fiddle contests in New England since 1994. He was the 2000
Vermont division champion at the Northeast Fiddler s contest in Barre.

His presentation will trace how fiddle contests evolved from being endurance
events to playing a set number of tunes judged by certain specific criteria.
Whether large or small, fiddle contests were venues for determining who was the
"best," as well opportunities to preserve old-time fiddling and to raise money
for local organizations. In recent years, the fiddle contest has declined
significantly in Vermont and New England.

The greatest legacies of the fiddle contest are the recordings made during live
competition, a sampling of which will be played during the presentation. Some
live fiddling accompanies this lecture (approximately one hour).

This program is hosted by the Arts Council of Windham County in celebration of
Arts & Humanities Month in October.

The public is welcome. For information about the Arts Council, call
802-256-9198.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 17, 2014 Sunday

Fiddlin' around at the Missouri State Fair

BYLINE: Faith Bemiss, The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1032 words


Aug. 17--Musicians young and old weren't fiddling around Sunday afternoon as
they gathered in small groups playing together before the opening of the
Missouri Fiddle Championships hosted at the Touchstone Energy Stage at the
Missouri State Fair.

MSF Fiddle Contest Superintendent Allen Wyatt, of Independence, said the event
has been taking place for 25 years.

"It started in the late 1980s," he said. "I've been doing it for 10 years. Bill
Shull did it before I did. And he's going to be taking it back over after this
year."

The competition brought in about 10 participants in the Junior Division ages 16
and under, three in the Senior Division ages 60 and older, and seven in the Open
Division.

"The open is any age," Wyatt said. "So, usually it's the people older than the
juniors and younger than the seniors, but sometimes seniors and juniors will
enter it too. It's usually the one where the most competition is. Although the
junior division is growing, and it has over the years. It's as large as any
other division, and we have a lot of kids that like to compete."

A "fiddle" is a violin but you won't hear that word used at this competition. A
fiddle is more composite of bluegrass and down-home rural roots than the more
classical term, "violin."

"You may hear more people in bluegrass and old time fiddling refer to their
instrument as a fiddle," said Wyatt, who owns Wyatt Violin Shop in Independence.

Contestants weren't timed but were required to play three songs during the
competition: a hoedown, a waltz and a tune of their choice. Fiddle players could
chose to have three back up instruments and many of them had acoustic guitar and
bass fiddle musicians playing with them. Contestants also had to be a Missouri
resident, Wyatt added.

Ribbons are given up to 10th place, plus plaques for first. A Fiddle Champion is
chosen from the first place winner in the open division. Judging the competition
were Charlie Walden, of Evanston, Ill., Bill Shull, of Warrensburg, and Howard
Marshall, of Millersburg.

"Whoever wins, will be the state champion," Wyatt said. "It's officially
sanctioned by the governor of Missouri as the Official Missouri State Fiddle
Championship."

Wyatt added that the competition was a good way to introduce youth to
performing.

"We have a lot of orchestra students, youngsters, they'll play orchestra and
they'll also do it on the side," he added.

Before the event, several small groups had formed, practicing their music while
filling the air with bluegrass, swing and other fiddle melodies.

Wyatt pointed out Travis Inman, of Cole Camp, as an accomplished, award-winning
fiddle player.

"He's won the Missouri State Championship more than anybody else," he said. "I
was talking with him (Sunday) and he's won like 15 times and 12 of those were
first place."

Inman said he'd been winning since age 12 and has more than 200 fiddle playing
trophies.

On Sunday, before the competition, he was practicing with Anthony Wilson, of
Rocheport, who played Texas-style acoustic guitar, and Kathy Gordon, of
Columbia, who played the bass. The group was playing "Sweet Georgia Brown."

Inman, 51, said he'd purchased his Italian-made instrument at a fiddle
competition in Branson for $1,000.

"But I wouldn't sell it for $5,000," he added. "It has a rich tone."

Inman, who teaches "fiddle" at the University of Missouri-Columbia, said he is a
regular at the competition.

"I've won the Missouri State Fiddle Championship 11 times," he added. "I go
through the Missouri Folk Arts program to teach students fiddle every year."

He said he had an uncle who taught him fiddle, Othello Smith.

"He was an old square dance fiddle player," he said. "He got me started. And
then I started hanging around fiddle contests and started traveling around to
different states playing fiddle. And I just got better and better. My goal in
playing fiddle was to win one trophy."

Inman said he enjoys playing old time fiddle, plus swing and jazz.

Before the event, Lynn Wells, of Boonesboro, was busy playing his fiddle also
with Wilson accompanying him.

"It always turns out to be quite a contest," said Toni Wells, Lynn's wife. "I'm
just the wife, I play spoons, that's all."

She said Lynn has been playing for more than 30 years.

Lynn has a good answer as to why the instrument is called a fiddle.

"It's in how it's played," he said. "Well, violin is mostly by note, but
fiddling is mostly by ear. It's in how you hear it."

He plays bluegrass and he added "the next one I learn" is his favorite.

"They're all fine," he said smiling. "I like 'Sally Goodin.' We call it the
Boonesboro anthem. We live in Boonesboro -- there's only four people there and
they all know me."

Anna Belle Wakeland, 9, of Hillsboro, was practicing with her father, Randy
Wakeland, and her aunt, Pam Schaefer, of Rich Fountain, before the competition.

Anna Belle, who loves Charlie Daniels' music, is fairly new to fiddle playing.

"I'm going on two and half years," she said.

"She also plays in the symphony," Schaefer said. "In the symphony she also plays
the cello."

"We were here last year," her father said. "There's some phenomenal talent."

Anna Belle said she loves the sound of the fiddle.

"When it blends all together it's amazing," she added.

At 83, Charles "Bud" Wyatt Jr., of Centralia, is a seasoned fiddle veteran. He
was busy playing his fiddle outside the tent before the event. Wyatt, father of
Allen Wyatt, loves playing bluegrass, hoedowns and waltzes.

He's been attending the fiddle championships since it began, but he doesn't come
to play, only to listen. Although he always brings his personalized fiddle,
complete with his likeness and name inscribed on the back.

Shull, who will assume the superintendent's position for the 2015 Missouri
Fiddle Championships, said MSF officials have always been helpful in making the
contest amenable to contestants.

"The fair's been very accommodating to all the needs of the people," he said.
"There's a million little things that have to be taken care of to actually make
this happen. They have been wonderful, they've really supported us."

___ (c)2014 The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Mo.) Visit The Sedalia Democrat
(Sedalia, Mo.) at www.sedaliademocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140817-SX-Fiddlin-around-at-the-Missouri-State-Fair-0817-20140817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2014 The Sedalia Democrat


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              May 29, 2005 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                                  City Edition

Hey diddle diddle, there's fun in the fiddle

BYLINE: CARA PESEK, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 494 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


Jammers of all ages turned out for the Monumental Fiddling Championship.

Fiddling contests remind Deborah Greenblatt of dinner parties, where guests
break off into little groups and find themselves deep in conversations.

Except at fiddle contests, people wear jeans and overalls instead of sports
coats and little black dresses.

And they communicate with music instead of words.

"It feels very conversational when you're in one of those groups," said
Greenblatt.

She should know. She has been involved with fiddle contests for more than 30
years, first as a competitor and now as an organizer.

She and her husband, David Seay, are in charge of the Monumental Fiddling
Championship, which was Saturday at Homestead National Monument of America near
Beatrice.

Park spokeswoman Susan Cook said she expected between 30 and 40 fiddlers to take
part in the contest, testing their skills at playing hoedowns and waltzes.

The park is a fitting place for a fiddling contest, Cook said. Homesteaders set
stories and folk tales to the music of fiddles. Fiddlers provided the music at
wedding dances and entertainment after a hard day of work.

"We're trying to keep alive a tradition that we don't want to be lost," she
said.

Greenblatt said she thinks that's happening. Nebraska is home to several annual
fiddle contests, including ones in Fort Calhoun, Avoca and Saturday's at
Homestead.

And many of the fiddlers who place in the Homestead contest are children, she
said. A few years ago, the award for youngest fiddler went to a 4-year-old.

This year presented a special opportunity. One participant won a fiddle
hand-made by Nancy Rohn, whose father was a Homestead superintendent in the
1960s, Cook said. Rohn found out about the contest through a stringed
instruments magazine and called the park to see if she could help.

"(Rohn) always talked about how good Nebraska was to her family," Cook said.

Awards were to be given Saturday for youngest fiddler, oldest fiddler, best
left-handed fiddler and hottest fiddler. A songwriting contest was held - for
fiddle, of course.

But better than the awards, Cook said, always is the music.

"As you walk around you'll hear all these different little jam sessions," she
said.

And the park's a great backdrop for it, Greenblatt said.

"It's just a great setting for positive vibes."

Reach Cara Pesek at 473-7361 or cpesek@journalstar.com.

Saturday's winners

Senior Division

1. Joe Fedrizzi, Dearborn, Mo.

2. Jim Christensen, Clarinda, Iowa

3. Joey Argo, Maryville, Kan.

Junior Division

1. Riley Metz, Axtell, Kan.

2. Zachary Dull, Lincoln

3.Sue Jennings, Omaha

Tune Writing Competition

1. Jim McKinney, Romulus, Mich.; title, "Emptyhead"

2. David Godbey, Bryan, Texas; "Avoca My Home"

3 (tie). David A. Sunderman, Sidney, Iowa; "Waterfalls Waltz"

3 (tie). Roy A. Patchell, Lexington, Ky.; "No Hope: A Mixolydian Hornpipe"

Special awards

Left-handed fiddler and oldest fiddler:  Kathy Wood, Omaha

Youngest fiddler and winner of Rohn fiddle: Ezra Fike, Willow Springs, Mo.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION: Joey Argo of Marysville, Kan. won left-handed fiddler

GRAPHIC: 1. Randy Adams (left) of Lincoln, plays the banjo while his son, Bill,
jams with him on the fiddle before the start of the Monumental Fiddling
Championship. 2. Shannon Elder, 10, of Aurora, Colo., joins in on a jam session
before competing in the Monumental Fiddling Championship at Homestead National
Monument of America on Saturday afternoon. The competition included a junior
division for those who had fiddled for less than five years, as well as a senior
division. PHOTOS BY JILL PEITZMEIER/Lincoln Journal Star

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                              May 8, 2010 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

MUSIC;
Fiddle finale: Verch plans Rose Garden return

BYLINE: Stephen A. Ide, The Patriot Ledger.

Stephen A. Ide may be reached at side@ledger.com

SECTION: Features; pg. 56

LENGTH: 700 words


MANSFIELD - What's a fiddler to do when the rains come? If you're April Verch,
you pick up the fiddle and play more music.

Verch, a two-time Canadian fiddle champion, was teaching at the Fiddle Star
Adult Camp in Nashville when the floods hit the city in the last week.

"When camp was over we couldn't get people to the airport to leave camp," said
Verch by phone from Nashville. "Essentially everyone was without power, holed up
for an extra day together, and it just led to another day of making music, and
people really couldn't get out. It wasn't so bad in that way. Everybody was
thrilled to have more time together."

Verch said she saw some of the flooded areas in Nashville, and worries still
about friends and musicians she knows there. While in Nashville Verch was
working on songs for her eighth recording.

She is about to begin a tour of the Northeast, including a return visit May 15
to the Rose Garden Coffeehouse in Mansfield, one of her "favorite" locations to
play since she began touring full time 10 years ago. Joining Verch will be Cody
Walters on bass and banjo and Clay Ross on guitar.

"We've been back to the Rose Garden a few times," she said. "We kind of get to
know people and we've always been really well-received there. People have been
really warm and we kind of feel like, like we have friends in the audience. Not
just audience members.

"And of course I've become really good friends with Mac and Rae Ann (McLanahan)
and it's special for me to play there for that reason, too. I think the world of
them," Verch said. The McLanahans are among the founding members of the Rose
Garden, now concluding its 21st year.

The Rose Garden show also will feature its 18th annual performing songwriters
competition. The contest, which has garnered national prestige, will feature
performances from singer-songwriters Jim Colbert of Bellefonte, Pa., Chris
Elliott of Leverett, Mass., and Larry Murante of Seattle, Wash. Visit the Rose
Garden Web site to read profiles on the contestants and hear clips of their
music.

Verch has always been an endearing performer, and she remembers previous years
hanging out with the contestants in the "green room," sharing notes about the
music business and just enjoying the quality of the performances.

With her infectious smile and crystalline singing voice, her music is welcoming.
Add to that passionate fiddling and stepdancing, sometimes simultaneously, and
audiences know that she puts her all into every show. It's hard to pin down her
style because she can play anything - bluegrass, jazz, folk and virtuoso fiddle
melodies in the Ottawa Valley style. Add in sweetly sung country melodies and
finely honed stepdancing, there's not much Verch can't do onstage.

Offstage, I've seen Verch at bluegrass festivals, wandering the parking lot and
jamming, enjoying the presence of other musicians, many of whom pale in ability
by comparison. But in her unassuming style, probably fostered by the fact that
she's been involved in music for a long time - stepdancing since age 3 and
fiddling since she was 6 - she appreciates all the music around her. The former
Berklee College of Music student has never let her success go to her head.

Representing Canada

It's no wonder that Verch was called upon to represent her country at the 2010
Winter Olympics in Vancouver. There, with the eyes of the world upon her, she
joined a select group of fiddlers to represent the culture and fiddle music of
Canada. To Verch, it was a great honor.

"It was an experience of a lifetime," she said. "It was so huge that it's hard
to put it into words the magnitude of it, and being part of that event, the
production that it was and what it meant for fiddle music. Canadian fiddle
music, but fiddle music in general."

As shown by her teaching at the fiddle camp, Verch enjoys giving back. She will
even be performing for preschool and kindergartners from 1:30 to 3 p.m. May 15
at the Children's Studio, 184 West Main St., Norton. For information on that
show, visit www.appleheart.net or call 508-285-3265.

ON THE WEB

For music and video clips of the April Verch Band, visitfolkbluegrassblog.com

or Verch's Web site:aprilverch.com.

For more show information, visitrosegardenfolk.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The April Verch Band, from left, is Cody Walters, Verch and Clay Ross.,
Courtesy photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Patriot Ledger


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             March 2, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Metis fiddle master devoted to preserving culture, music: B.C.'s strong Metis
culture on view in Maillardville this weekend

BYLINE: Kerry Gold, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WESTCOAST LIFE; Pg. D15

LENGTH: 620  words


John Arcand has had a love affair with the fiddle since he was old enough to
hold one, but he's not been a particularly faithful lover.

"I've had so many over the years they don't matter much anymore," he says with a
laugh, on the phone from his Saskatoon farm, where he and his wife breed
thoroughbred racehorses.

It's put to Arcand -- who is considered Canada's master of Metis fiddle playing
-- that virtuoso guitarists are often devoted to a chosen few instruments.

"Yeah, that's because they haven't tried anything else," he offers.

Arcand figures about 150 fiddles pass through his hands each year, the vast
majority of them sold off. He not only plays the instrument, but he writes music
for fiddles, he is a builder of fiddles, a repairman of fiddles and a teacher of
fiddles. When the word "retirement" comes up, Arcand responds: "I don't see that
happening."

If Arcand, who is 63, is matter-of-fact about his lifelong devotion to the
fiddle, it's because he is the fourth or fifth generation of fiddle-players in
his family. For the Arcand family in rural Debden, Sask., fiddling fulfilled the
role now occupied by the television set -- an ever present source of
entertainment.

"I've always wanted to play, ever since I could remember," says Arcand. "The
whole family played, my dad and his brothers. It was just a natural progression
type of thing."

Arcand also records his own albums, along with his wife Vicki, who plays guitar.
It's a matter of renting a portable studio and distributing the releases through
his website, or through the eight months that he spends on the road.

Arcand is one of 16 artists to play Festival du Bois, the Maillardville folk
music festival held Saturday and Sunday at Blue Mountain Park in Coquitlam.
Arcand joins a lineup of other Metis fiddlers and jiggers. According to Arcand,
we have a strong Metis culture in B.C.

"The majority are west of Winnipeg," he says.

When he is not recording, teaching, or working on fiddles in his workshop, he is
playing festivals and camps and giving seminars, sometimes in places like
Denver, Colo. In 1998, he founded the John Arcand Fiddle Fest, only one of his
efforts to preserve the music and culture of the Metis, a wide-spread ethnic
group made up of people descended from aboriginal and European parents.

On the prairies in the 18th century, Scottish, Irish and French fur trappers
introduced their old-country music to local aboriginals, and Metis fiddle music
was born. Without piano or guitar for accompaniment, rhythms were tapped out
with the fiddler's feet. At one time, jigs and square dances were an integral
part of the music, which was played at dances and house parties. But the dance
part of it has fallen by the wayside, says Arcand.

"And they go hand in hand," says Arcand, who concedes that it's a bit of a
battle to develop new artists. Of his own five children, only one plays fiddle.

Among his students, only a few are Metis, and one girl in particular shows
promise. Like Arcand, she reads music (it's commonly thought Metis music is
played by ear).

"That is where we come in now -- we try to preserve and document and just try
and promote the Metis fiddling as it was," says Arcand, who'd just returned from
giving a workshop at the University of Saskatchewan.

Arcand has taken his music all the way to Ireland, although the fast-tempo Metis
style of fiddling is all but unknown there.

"Interestingly enough, some of the shows there we put on, they expected us to be
in loincloths and yelling and beating on drums," says Arcand, sounding amused.

"They sure didn't expect contemporary music with people dressed like they are,
you know."

- DETAILS

When: March 4, 5

Where: Blue Mountain Park in Coquitlam

On the Web: www.festivaldubois.ca.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Metis fiddle master from Saskatchewan John Arcand joins a lineup of 16
performers for the two-day Festival du Bois at Blue Mountain Park.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

10 String enjoy fiddling arrangements for new ideas

BYLINE: Rob Adams

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 792 words


THERE is a touch of the Henry Fords about Nashville-based duo 10 String
Symphony. Ford famously offered customers his Model T automobile in any colour
so long as it was black; 10 String Symphony will play any instrument - as long
as it has five strings.

This doesn't leave many options. Five-string double or bass guitar might offer
possibilities. For now at least, however, Rachel Baiman and Christian Sedelmyer,
who embark on their first Scottish dates as a duo on July 15, are sticking to
their two-fiddle arrangements with the former's occasional clawhammer banjo
offering variety, since even these fiddle nuts need a break from their chosen
instrument.

Baiman and Sedelmyer got together about six years ago just after both had
acquired five-string fiddles. The extra string, a low C, gives them the range of
fiddle and viola and as long-time players of the conventional four-string
version - Baiman is a former Illinois state fiddle champion in the old time
tradition, Sedelmeyer a classically trained violinist with much orchestral
experience before he began exploring America's folk heritage - they wanted to
see if they could create a self-sufficient sound as a duo.

"We'd been part of the same musical community in East Nashville since I arrived
there  a couple of years beforehand,"  says Baiman. "There's a regular bluegrass
jam in a bar we both go to and we thought it would be fun to explore this new
instrument together. To begin with we'd go out busking on Broadway and the idea
was to make as big a sound as possible to attract people's attention. We were
really just seeing how we could make two fiddles work as a band but we soon
began to develop a style that was less about volume and more about using the
sound of the instruments in an interesting, hopefully unique way."

From playing tunes and songs that they already knew they began to introduce
material that was either specially written with the two five-string fiddles in
mind or written on other instruments  - Baiman plays guitar as well as fiddle
and banjo - and arranged  to suit their unusual instrumentation.

"There's a lot of stuff been left on the cutting-room floor, as it were, because
we'd try things and some of them just didn't work," says Baiman, a Scottish
fiddle music enthusiast whose previous visits to Scotland involved a semester
spent studying Scottish traditional songs and music business at Edinburgh
University and a tour as a stand-in fiddler with Canadian roots band Oh My
Darling. "After a while you begin to get a feeling for what will work, though,
and it helps that we both have other outlets because songs that don't fit 10
String Symphony might fit into the solo shows I do or something else that
Christian's involved with."

Having other outlets also allows breathing space and gives them a chance to
bring different ideas to the 10 String Symphony format.

As Baiman speaks, the Pennsylvania-born Sedelmeyer is out on the road with dobro
master and Transatlantic Sessions mainstay Jerry Douglas, one of his regular
employers as a respected Nashville session player, and she has a full diary of
gigs before the pair leave for the UK.

"If we're both at home, we'll get together two or three times a week to work on
10 String Symphony things," she says. "It's really important to us that we don't
repeat ourselves, so we're always looking for different sounds, a new chord or
anything that expands our palette. We like to take risks and play things that
people maybe aren't expecting to hear two fiddlers play but we tend to do that
from the basis of having a strong core to what we do. For instance, in May we
both had the whole month off and we spent a lot of time working on new material
and developing new arrangements."

Based on, she admits, fairly short-term experience of audiences over here,
although she keeps in touch with a fiddler friend in former Young Scottish
Traditional Musician of the Year Rona Wilkie, Baiman gets the impression that
people in the UK are more open to experimentation in traditional music than
their American counterparts. She hopes this will act in 10 String Symphony's
favour.

"Some of the music I've heard from the UK is quite a bit more progressive than
you'd hear in the US, where it's much rarer to find, say, classical and folk
music blending together," she says. "That's not to say that we're trying to be
British. We definitely sound American - it's just that I think we live
dangerously in a way that you guys might relate to."

10 String Symphony play Coldingham Village Hall on July 15; Tin Hut, Gartly,
Aberdeenshire, July 16; Harbour Arts Centre, Irvine, July 17; Kilbarchan
Performing Arts Centre, July 19; Catstrand, New Galloway, July 20; House
Concert, Edinburgh, July 21; and Eastgate Theatre, Peebles, July 22.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2016 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Fiddle camp touted to bring musicians, entertainment to Grand Lake area

BYLINE: The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 437 words


Aug. 29--GROVE, Okla. -- The Jana Jae Fiddle Camp and Music Festival will bring
musicians and entertainment to the Grand Lake area over the Labor Day weekend.

The camp, which is held annually over Labor Day weekend, includes daytime
activities held at the Grove Civic Center on Saturday and Sunday, and
entertainment at Snider's Camp, just south of Grove, today and Saturday night.
There will be food at 6:30 p.m. today and Saturday at Snider's Camp.

Participants may bring any acoustic instruments, but featured instruments will
include fiddles, cellos, guitars and mandolins. Jana Jae, founder of Grand Lake
Festivals, and more than 20 other instructors, players and master teachers will
be providing instruction and coaching.

A guitar workshop for the entire weekend has been added. Participants may sign
up for the guitar workshop with two guitar coaches, Jim Garling and Rex
Gillentine. Participants also will have the opportunity to join resident
arranger Dennis Neff as he illustrates multiple variations on fiddle harmonies.
Workshop and take-home materials will be provided for students of all playing
abilities.

The daytime fiddle workshops will be from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday and Sunday
at the Grove Civic Center. Fiddle instructors will demonstrate and teach various
music styles including Celtic, old-time, bluegrass, swing and contest. All
participants will be featured in the Fiddle Camp finale at 3:30 p.m. Sunday at
the Civic Center. The festival is free to the public. Those who plan to attend
are being advised to bring lawn chairs.

The amateur fiddle contest highlights the festival Saturday night. For those not
enrolled in the Fiddle Camp, registration for the contest is $5, with cash
awards going to the top three winners in six divisions.

The festival is made possible by volunteers of Grand Lake Festivals Inc., many
local and area sponsors, with the assistance of the Oklahoma Arts Council and
the National Endowment for the Arts.

Details: 918-786-8896 or www.grandlakefestivals.com.

Schedule

Today, 6 p.m., at Snider's Camp -- barbecue dinner, kickoff party and jam.

Saturday, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Grove Civic Center -- workshops, master
demonstrations and group sessions.

Saturday night, 6 p.m., at Snider's Camp -- fish fry, amateur fiddle contest and
jam.

Sunday, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., at Grove Civic Center -- workshops, master
demonstrations and group sessions.

Sunday night, at Snider's Camp -- informal pickin' party and jams continue (stay
as long as you like).

___ (c)2013 The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.) Visit The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.)
at www.joplinglobe.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130829-JL-Fiddle
-camp-touted-to-bring-musicians-entertainment-to-Grand-Lake-area-0829-20130829

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2013 The Joplin Globe


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            December 1, 2003 Monday

LEADERSHIP;
Harmony requires a second fiddle

BYLINE: By HARVEY MACKAY , Special to the Register

SECTION: BUSINESSMONDAY

LENGTH: 521 words


Teamwork has to do with a collection of diverse individuals who respect one
another and are committed to each other's successes.

That definition fits the Florida Marlins. Predicted to finish near the bottom of
their division, many count ed them out, but they finished the season strong and
gained the playoffs as a wild card. They swept the heavily favored Giants. Beat
the Chicago Cubs, despite being down three games to one. Beat the vaunted New
York Yankees after being down two games to one. They believed in each other,
worked their tails off together and succeeded.

You just can't win without teamwork. You have no harmony.

Take the story of the symphony conductor whose friend asked him which instrument
was the most difficult to play. Without missing a beat, the conductor replied:
``Second fiddle. I can get plenty of first violinists. But finding someone who
can play second fiddle with enthusiasm is a real problem. When we have no second
fiddle, we have no harmony.''

Bees know the value of unselfishness. They wouldn't survive the winter without
working together by forming into a ball and keeping up a dance. They frequently
change places; those that have been on the outside move to the center, and vice
versa. Should those at the center insist on staying there, keeping the others at
the edges, they would all freeze and perish.

Star teams exhibit sharp differences from mediocre ones. Star groups are not
easily intimidated. In fact, a daunting challenge or a noble mission energizes
them. They are characterized by intense group loyalty, a diverse range of
talents, trust and selfless collaboration, focus and passion, and work that is
intrinsically fun and rewarding.

Phil Jackson, the highly successful coach of the Los Angeles Lakers, knows the
value of teamwork.

To inspire his players on the subject of teamwork, he read the following lines
from Kipling's 1895 poem ``The Law for the Wolves'':

Now this is the law of the jungle, as old and as true as the sky,

And the wolf that shall keep it may prosper, but the wolf that shall break it
must die.

As the creeper that girdles the tree trunk, the law runneth forward and back;

For the strength of the pack is the wolf, and the strength of the wolf is the
pack.

Jackson's wisdom is as old as ancient tribal kings.

There is the story of an old African king who called his people to his side and
gave them a short, sturdy stick. The king instructed them to break the stick.
With little effort, they all snapped their sticks in half. ``This is how it is
when a soul is alone without anyone. It can be easily broken.''

The king next gave everyone another stick, and said, ``This is how I would like
you to live after I pass. Put your sticks together in bundles of twos and
threes. Now, break these bundles in half.''

The people surrounding the king followed his instructions and tried to break the
bundles. But they failed.

``No one can break the sticks when there are two or more in a bundle,'' said the
king.

``We are strong when we stand with another soul. When we are with another, we
cannot be broken.''

Mackay Envelope Corp., 2100 Elm St., Minneapolis, MN 55414 www.mackay.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2003 Orange County Register


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Weiser Signal American (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 22, 2010

Oklahoma Small Fry outfiddles the pack

BYLINE: by Nancy Grindstaff

LENGTH: 427  words


Once again, the National Oldtime Fiddlers' Contest is proving to be a place
where the finest musicians in the country gather for a rendezvous like no other.

From the smallest to the biggest, youngest to oldest, every draw of the bow
across the fiddle strings is nothing less than aweinspiring.

With the Utah State Fiddlers opening each evening's show, Tuesday night's
contest followed up with the top five finalists in the Small Fry and Junior
Junior Divisions in playoffs and introducing contest fans to the next generation
of NOTFC greats.

A second-grade student from Tulsa, Okla., 8-year-old Regina Scott fiddled her
way through a tight competition in the Small Fry Division to the championship
title. This is her second year at the NOTFC and her second time onstage as a
finalist, having placed fourth in 2009.

Serious in her performance, Scott opened her round with the contest standard
Sally Johnson, then moved to her required waltz number, choosing Old South
Waltz. She didn't miss a beat in her final tune of choice, 12th Street Rag.

Scott holds Oklahoma and Colorado fiddle championship titles, and qualified for
Weiser's certified contest as a Colorado fiddle champion. Outside of fiddling,
Scott plays basketball, soccer, and collects rocks.

A first-timer to the NOTFC, 8-year-old Nathan Sima, Fort Collins, Colo., ended
the evening with the second place Small Fry trophy.

Playing fiddle for only two years, Sima also plays the piano. For his final
round, he played Brilliancy, French Creek Waltz, and My Pretty Rainbow.

Three Idaho kids rounded out the trophy-winners.

A Boise third-grader, 8-year-old Kelly Makela won the third-place spot, playing
Whoa, Mule, Chancellor's Waltz, and Allentown Polka.

Makela has been attending the NOTFC for the past four years, and has won
numerous fiddle contests throughout the state and region. She qualified for the
2010 NOTFC certified contest having won at the 2010 Northwest Regional Fiddlers
Contest and the 2010 Idaho Open.

Marsing fiddler, 8-year-old Rylee Loucks placed fourth with her renditions of
Whiskey Before Breakfast, Westphalia Waltz, and Red Wing.

This is Loucks second year competing at the NOTFC and also her second trip
onstage as a finalist, after finishing fifth last year. She has been playing the
fiddle since she was 3 years old.

A Nampa 7-year-old, Dylon Fehrs chose Me and My Fiddle, Margaret's Waltz, and
Swallowtail for his fifth-place winning final round.

Fehrs is a recent third-place winner in the 2010 Idaho Open Small Fry Contest.
In addition to fiddling, he also enjoys drawing and sports.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEI

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2010 Weiser Signal American


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 6, 2011 Sunday

14-year-old fiddler from Marshall records her first album

BYLINE: Mark Bennett, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 779 words


March 06--MARSHALL, Ill. -- On some songs, Marie McGlone and her fellow
musicians would rehearse one verse over and over again.

"It took an hour to get the ending right," she said, still amazed by the
determination displayed inside the recording studios last year in Nashville,
Tenn.

The experience both tested and thrilled the 14-year-old fiddler from Marshall,
Ill. The life of a session player in Music City is more than most people who pop
open a CD case realize. Even McGlone, who's become a familiar face onstage at
Midwestern bluegrass festivals, felt enlightened by the experience of recording
her first album, "Listen to My Heart," last year in Tennessee.

Recording is "a lot more work than I thought it was," McGlone said. "Every note
had to be pitch perfect, and timing had to be right on."

Thus, she and a team of Nashville veterans played multiple takes on each of her
album's 12 songs.

"We'd start at noon and finish at midnight," McGlone recalled last week. "They
were long days, and then we'd eat hot wings at midnight."

When asked if the exhausting routine -- which included a half-dozen trips from
Marshall to Nashville for recording sessions -- was an experience she'd like to
repeat, McGlone didn't hesitate with her answer. "I definitely want to do it
again," she said. "It was fun to just really perfect a song."

The man guiding that process was well-known bluegrass fiddler and producer Jim
VanCleave. A longtime fan of VanCleave's playing, McGlone and her parents -- Jim
and Theresa McGlone -- traveled to Virginia to hear him perform and attend his
fiddle workshops. The McGlones met VanCleave, and the path to her album began.

She started playing fiddle at age 5. When her dad started guitar lessons with
Terre Haute music icon Louie Popejoy, she tagged along and became fascinated
when Popejoy accompanied the elder McGlone on fiddle.

Marie was hooked, and started her own lessons with Popejoy, on fiddle.
Eventually, McGlone joined the Coon Holler Kids, a group of young bluegrass
students ranging from elementary schoolers to 18-year-olds, taught by Judy Green
in her rural Vermillion County studio. Eventually, McGlone started playing at
festivals and fiddling contests around Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, North
Carolina and Tennessee.

Someday, she expects to perform in Texas and Colorado. "I think the traveling is
just going to increase for her, but it's just so much fun," said her dad, Jim.
"[Trips to festivals] have been our family vacations for the past five years."

McGlone's eagerness to pull out her fiddle and jam impresses Popejoy, now 67.

"Her heart was always in it, and that's the most important thing a person must
have," Popejoy said. "I thought, if she keeps that as an adolescent and an
adult, she'll become a tremendous fiddle player."

The album prominently displays McGlone's current skills. It also fills a void.
"When she played at outdoor festivals and shows, people kept asking, 'Does she
have a CD?'" said her mom, Theresa. "So it was time to try that."

After VanCleave agreed to produce the disc, a team of session musicians
assembled. The lineup included performers well-known in bluegrass circles, such
as Cia Cherryholmes (of the Grammy-nominated family band Cherryholmes), who
added harmony vocals to one track on "Listen to My Heart." The album's liner
notes include praise from flatpick guitar great Steve Kaufman and mandolin ace
Roland White. In his comments, VanCleave wrote, "At such a young age, Marie has
already discovered the most important thing in all of music -- joy."

The Nashville players treated McGlone as a peer during the sessions, her dad
noticed. "The atmosphere down there was just so accepting," Jim said.

In a way, that acceptance was a returned favor. As a member of the Coon Holler
Kids, McGlone has always helped younger children learn, said Green, who's
tutored more than 125 students since organizing the group in 2005. "She loves to
play with other kids and bring them along," Green said.

McGlone also displays determination, Popejoy and Green both said, which explains
her endurance through those long Nashville sessions.

"She's a girl who works hard for what she wants," Green said. "She's just far
above her age, and I would say she has a nice career [in bluegrass] if she wants
it."

Mark Bennett can be reached at (812) 231-4377 or mark.bennett@tribstar.com

To see more of The Tribune-Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribstar.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute,
Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110306-TX-14-year-old-fiddler-from-Marshall-records-her-first-album-0306-20110
306

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2011 The Tribune-Star


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Deeside Piper and Herald

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Judi's music comes home to Deeside

LENGTH: 376  words


A Banchory woman now living in the United States has released a CD of her own
compositions of Scottish tunes.

Judi Nicolson, an award-winning fiddle player and composer, has achieved her
dream with Fiddle My Style.

Copies of the disc are now available in Banchory.

Judi, who lives in Houston, Texas, is the daughter of Pipe Major Gordon Davidson
and wife Celia, who still stay in the town.

Her dynamic fiddle playing, engaging stage presence, and deep understanding of
Scottish music has created a demand for her solo appearances, concerts, and
dances throughout America and Canada.

Judi was trained in both classical and traditional styles, however, from an
early age, her passion was always to play traditional Scottish fiddle music.

By the age of fifteen, she had won three major open Scottish fiddle
championships, including the acclaimed Golden Fiddle Award' - a competition that
attracted competitors from around the world.

She went on to play at various music venues throughout the UK, both as a soloist
and alongside some of the finest Scottish dance bands.

In 1990 she moved to Shetland to continue her musical career, teaching fiddle
music across the islands, ensuring traditional fiddle music would continue to
thrive.

Judi, husband Ian and their two children moved back to Inverurie in 2004 where
she taught in schools throughout the North-east.

But four years later the family was on the move again - this time to Houston,
where Judi swiftly made her mark on the music scene across North America.

She is a childhood friend of Banchory businessman Logan Sangster and his wife
Julie.

Logan said: "Judi's music is mesmerising to say the least and she has written
many pieces for Banchory people over the years, for special occasions, life
celebrations and in memory of people.

"We have had three composed for us, one for our son's wedding day - a unique
gift that we will treasure for life.

"The new CD was hand delivered to Banchory this week, and interest is already
high locally.

"The Banchory Strathspey and Reel Society is keen to hear this brand new work."

The disc will be available from Deeside Photographics studio in Banchory - call
01330 824300 - and at the Banchory Strathspey and Reel Society, which meets on a
Thursday in the Burnett Arms Hotel.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SADE


                       Copyright 2017 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                June 22, 1995, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

CHARLIE DANIELS COOKS MUSICAL MIXTURE

BYLINE: Dennis Jacobs

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 5F

LENGTH: 392 words


CHARLIE DANIELS is a man of many interests.

He is the host of the weekly "Charlie Daniels' Talent Roundup" on The Nashville
Network. He has teamed with Zeta Music to produce the Charlie Daniels Signature
Fiddle. He is the official spokesperson for the "Trivia - Country Music Style"
board game. He is the state chairman of the Support Tennessee Adult Readers
(STAR) program.

Despite all these projects, Daniels still finds time to tour, and the Charlie
Daniels Band stopped Tuesday night at A Little Bit Of Texas. And, not
surprisingly for Daniels, the concert featured a little of everything, including
blues, rock, boogie woogie and even a little Latin spice.

Twirling his fiddle bow like a gunslinger in a B-Western, Daniels started things
off with a rendition of the honky-tonk hit, "Drinking My Baby Good-Bye." A new
song from Daniels' forthcoming album followed. "Little Joe and Big Bill's Dance
Hall And Sugar Hill Barbecue Emporium" could've been written about A Little Bit
Of Texas. Maybe Daniels was inspired by his stop here last July.

The fiddle was replaced by a guitar for the next nine numbers, which included
"Simple Man," a song that hit No. 2 on the country charts in 1990. The tune
created a bit of controversy because of its harsh, simplistic suggestion for
solving the complex problem of crime in America. "I'm no intellectual," Daniels
explained to the crowd. "I don't like people who do violent crimes."

Of course, Daniels needn't have explained himself to an audience that was in his
corner from the outset. When those in attendance weren't singing along to hits
like "Long-Haired Country Boy," they were line-dancing like automatons on the
dance floor.

Daniels took up the fiddle once more for "The South's Gonna Do It Again." As if
he hadn't already convincingly demonstrated his legendary prowess with the
fiddle, he followed this with a rocking and rollicking version of "Orange
Blossom Special."

At 58, Daniels' fiddle strokes sizzle with the same smoldering intensity as when
he first came to Nashville nearly 30 years ago to do session work for stars like
Bob Dylan, Ringo Starr and Marty Robbins.

"We have time for one more song," Daniels said as the band returned for an
encore. "What do you want to hear?" he asked, as if he didn't already know the
answer - "The Devil Went Down to Georgia."

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: (1) Photo by Renyold Ferguson/Post-Dispatch - What's Good For The
Gaggle - The Missouri Department of Conservation had a roundup of Canada geese
at 20 sites in the St. Louis area. TOP: Conservation agents and volunteers drive
geese into a net in Forest Park. The geese cannot fly during nesting season
because they lose flight feathers. (2) Photo by Renyold Ferguson/Post-Dispatch -
ABOVE: Mike Fuhr of the Conservation Department catches a goose. (3) Photo by
Renyold Ferguson/Post-Dispatch - RIGHT: Bands were added to legs of over 600
geese to gather information on their habits.

TYPE: REVIEW Country

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Mineral Wells Index (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 23, 2012 Thursday

Fiddling around - seriously

BYLINE: Libby Cluett, Mineral Wells Index, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1748 words


Aug. 23--Mineral Wells-born Amanda Shires is yet another in a seemingly growing
list of locally raised musicians making a living forming her craft in Nashville.

On Aug. 3, the 30-year-old fiddler, singer and songwriter, who has toured around
the nation, Europe, Australia and New Zealand, put an exclamation mark on her
career by making her Grand Ole Opry solo debut.

Shires is working on her third solo album -- fourth if counting her first
instrumental work. Her 2011 release, "Carrying Lightning," earned Shires praise
from the likes of the Chicago Tribune, which called her, "One of the best and
most unique female voices being recorded today. She floats and flutters through
songs like a bird soaring ..."

Texas Music Magazine named her its "2011 Artist of the Year."

About the same album, Texas Monthly wrote that Shires "makes good on her
apprenticeship with the legendary western swing outfit the Texas Playboys and
the Tom Waits and Dolly Parton comparisons that have lately followed her
around."

Although she was a toddler when she moved with her mother to Lubbock, Shires
firmly claims Mineral Wells as her residence as well. She spent her holidays and
summers here, fishing and playing in the Brazos River with her two siblings,
Ashley and Jerry, and cousins, and working in the plant business owned by her
father, Terry, and Shires' relatives.

She clearly recalls the first fiddle that launched her career, which she
acquired when she was about 10 years old -- a $60 green-and-yellow fiddle she
and her father found while the two were browsing through A.D. Garrett's Pawn
Shop.

She said her father wasn't a parent "to buy things on a whim, but for some
reason he let us leave with it ... while trying to tune it, I immediately broke
all the strings on it. All the learning, I guess, started that day."

In Lubbock, she started taking lessons and, when she was old enough, she joined
the school orchestra. Finding the fiddle But there was something missing, Amanda
recalled. "I wasn't finding anything within the orchestra that really satisfied
something; something was missing," she said. "I didn't have the language to
describe that feeling to my mom, but she said, 'You should talk to your teacher
about it.'"

The music teacher played a song for Amanda that he was learning from the Texas
Playboys and asked if that was the music she was thinking of.

"I said, 'That's exactly what I want to be doing,'" she recalled. "He said,
'Well that's fiddle music.' And so I told my mom, 'Fiddle music is what I want
to do.'"

She negotiated a deal with her mother -- she would pay for fiddle lessons if
Amanda remained in the school orchestra. Amanda came through, performing in the
Lubbock High School orchestra, as well as city and regional orchestras and
symphonies.

Meanwhile, outside of her school studies, she learned western swing and country
fiddle music from Lanny Fiel, of the Ranch Dance Fiddle Band, and "people from
The Texas Playboys."

On weekends, she said "I used to go sit on this old man's porch and just let him
play things for me over and over until I got it. I've never been a learner in
any segment of my life that was quick at picking anything up. But I will learn,
if you're patient enough."

"He would play them over and over and I would play them and he would say, 'Yep,
that's right.' Any kind of nuance in it, he would help me," she said of Bob
Wills protege and fiddle-playing cowboy Frankie McWhorter, who lived in
Lipscomb, Texas.

"I continued my friendship with [The Texas Playboys] leader ... Tommy Allsup.
We'd teach summer camps to kids and adults learning to play the fiddle."

"That's part of the beauty of fiddle music is it is an oral tradition and you
have to spend time with people and pass it on," Amanda explained.

Shires graduated from Lubbock High and attended Texas Tech University, where she
first studied architecture and ended up majoring in city planning and geography.
During this time, she played fiddle as a founding member of the Thrift Store
Cowboys, an alternativecountry, West Texas indie rock band formed in 1999. The
band had a loyal college audience throughout the southeastern and western U.S.

She graduated from Tech in 2004 and waited a while before making the big move to
Nashville in 2008.

In 2005, while still a "side" member of the Thrift Store Cowboys, she released
the solo, mostly instrumental, album "Being Brave."

Although she had a stable gig as a side person, Amanda said she wasn't doing
what she wanted to do -- her own work.

"So I moved to Nashville to get uncomfortable and make myself grow some guts,"
she told Texas Music Magazine.

Once in Music City, she began the process of writing and recording albums,
releasing "Sew Your Heart with Wires" (2008) -- a collection of duets co-written
and recorded with singer-songwriter Rod Picott.

Settled in Nashville, she not only is working on another solo album, but she's
engaged to musician Jason Isbell, of Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit, with whom
she plays occasionally.

In "Carrying Lightning" and her 2009 release "West Cross Timbers," she employed
her individual poetic vocal and song writing skills. As the name might imply,
"West Cross Timbers" draws on her local upbringing and includes a song titled
"Mineral Wells," which she told Texas Music Magazine is her favorite song on the
album, and the one "I think shows me at my best." Breaking apart So much was
going her way until things started, literally, breaking apart, beginning in
February 2011, when she said her "beautiful, 150-something-year-old fiddle ...
had a bad accident" and "smashed into a bunch of pieces on accident on stage."

Then in July 2011, she broke a significant fiddle-playing finger on a swing. She
couldn't play for a month, but even after that period, it took a long time to
get her fingering technique back.

"It took a while. Even when I could play again, I couldn't play a whole hour,"
Amanda recalled. "It was probably November before I could handle it. I did my
best to pay my bills. Some of my friends were really nice and would let me come
play and they'd still pay me and crappy as I played."

With help from her father and stepmother, Brenda, she purchased a new fiddle,
which she said made her want to play it. The instrument was made by former U.S.
Army Sgt. Geoffrey Allison, who began making violins to bide his time while
serving as a medic in Iraq.

Shires said she was attracted to the "enchanting" story of an American soldier
learning to make violins in the desert. But more than this, she loves the
five-string fiddle he made and values the fact she can play it.

"It's awesome, it lives with me," she said of her newest fiddle, made in the
states. Although she does not feel like she's back 100 percent, she added, "I'm
just glad I can play. The idea of that being taken away from you, it's real
scary."

She got her finger back into shape and played with Isbell and his band on the
David Letterman Show last November.

Last spring she traveled to England, Scotland and Ireland.

"If I hadn't had the fiddle, I wouldn't have traveled to Europe seven times and
in every state but Hawaii." Opry debut At her Grand Ole Opry debut earlier this
month, she played two songs from "Carrying Lightning" titled, "When You Need a
Train it Never Comes" and "Shake the Walls."

When asked what led up to this performance, Amanda said, "Nervousness and
terror" -- the day before and all through the night before. She said she was
more nervous than she ever recalls being. In fact, she recalls nerves weren't a
factor when she played at Carnegie Hall last year.

Before her performance, Amanda went on Nashville's WSM Radio -- the Opry
station, which she played on before. The seasoned performer said she was so
nervous she couldn't answer "any question properly or appropriately. I'd just
get flustered."

Amanda said the Opry is "such a well-oiled machine they don't need a sound
check. You just got to be ready and they say, 'It's time to go.'"

She said Bill Anderson asked her in the wings how she was doing, and she
replied, "To be honest, I've never been this nervous in my life. He said, 'I'll
fix it.'"

She said Anderson got to the mic and announced her name and that it was her
first time on the Opry stage.

"He said, 'You only get one debut appearance ... and if you're not nervous when
you're playing on this stage, you don't deserve to be here,' which made me more
nervous," she said. "But we handled it well [and] got through it and didn't mess
it up."

"They loved her," said Brenda Shires, who was there for moral support. She added
that she thought Anderson helped calm Amanda's nerves.

Shires attributes much of her stage presence to the Texas Playboys, who taught
her things well beyond executing music, such as to have a good time and make
sure your audience has a good time.

"Laugh, tell good stories, they're paying good money to see you. Dress the part,
don't dress like you're going to just clean the house. Always make sure you are
dressed like you are meaning to do something. And showmanship, I learned that
from them. I learned a lot from them," she said. Honing her skill The
contemporary singer-songwriter said her influences include George Jones, old
country, 80s country and "old timers," like McWhorter. She also likes the song
writing skills of Guy Clark, Billy Joe Shaver and Townes Van Zandt.

Shires doesn't seem like a songwriter who takes a typical path -- and recently
added a new, unique challenge to her repertoire. Amanda is currently working on
a master of fine arts' degree in Poetry at the University of the South in
Sewanee, Tenn. Known as "Sewanee," the small, private university is rigorous and
among the nation's top 20 institutions in producing Rhodes Scholars.

"I do a lot of reading and writing and a lot of homework," she said of the
university where students cannot make below a B "or they'll kick you out."
Shires expects this to help her with song writing.

She recently came home to Mineral Wells, where she rested and soaked in some
not-too-hot August days. Last weekend she performed at the Dallas Museum of Art
and at Live Oak Music Hall in Fort Worth. She periodically returns to Texas and
said she has an engagement to play at Austin City Limits Moody Theater, Oct. 26,
with Isbell and Todd Snider. Among other venues, she said she expects to play at
South-by-Southwest in Austin next spring.

___ (c)2012 the Mineral Wells Index (Mineral Wells, Texas) Visit the Mineral
Wells Index (Mineral Wells, Texas) at www.mineralwellsindex.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120823-XW-Fiddling-around-seriously-0823-20120823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XW


                       Copyright 2012 Mineral Wells Index


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             January 9, 2011 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Out of the chute From broomsticks to broncs, the 105th stock show is off and
galloping

BYLINE: Joey Bunch The Denver Post

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 457 words


Wyatt Wieland, 11, drew the bow across the string in a long warm-up note before
sawing away as hundreds in the Beef Palace Arena tapped their boots to "Fire on
the Mountain" on Saturday morning during opening day at Denver's National
Western Stock Show & Rodeo.

The crowd went wild as Wyatt finished up his performance with the "Beaumont
Rag," accompanied by his 13-year-old brother, Jackson, on guitar.

Not a bad debut for the Wieland brothers, performing their first time at the
Colorado Rocky Mountain Fiddle Championships.

"When mom asked him if he wanted to do it, he said, 'Nah,"' Jackson said of his
younger brother, a fiddle player since he was 5. "Then she said, 'There's a $250
prize,' and he said, 'Yeah, I want to."'

If the pair win the prize money during today's championship round, Jackson's cut
is just $50, Wyatt said with smile.

Waiting just off stage was their 9-year-old brother, Luke, normally the bass
player in the Colorado Springs-based bluegrass family band, WMD - that's
Wielands of Mass Destruction.

"Some of these kids have been playing fiddle since they were 3," said Nikole
Scribner, a three-year fiddle contest volunteer and its emcee the past three.
"It's never too late to learn to play fiddle. You can learn to play when you're
3 or 103."

The 16-day stock show annually draws more than 600,000 visitors to scores of
events. Saturday night's opening day ProRodeo was a sell-out.

On Saturday, fans enjoyed an alpaca show, quarter-horse performance contests,
Mexican bullfighters, chain-saw carving and stick- horse rodeos for little
buckaroos.

"We never miss it, not a single year as long as I can remember," said Jesse
Mehl, 38, of Cheyenne, who was herding her three children, all younger than 10.
"It's a good time for all of us. My husband likes the cattle, I like to shop and
the kids like everything."

The shopping is grand this year, with more than 350 vendors. In one short walk
on the 100-acre National Western Complex, visitors can buy a cowboy hat or
boots, have their teeth whitened by a laser, shop for a closet-size Liberty
Safe, consider goose-down pillows or get a $6 boot shine.

"I save my Christmas money for the stock show," said 15-year-old Megan Markham
of Greeley, as she shopped for a new Western-style belt. "There's stuff here you
can't buy anywhere else."

Others had different priorities.

Six-year-old Jesus Rodriguez of Denver couldn't decide whether he wanted to wait
in line for a pony ride, buy candy or pet the birds on display in the Children's
Ranchland.

"We've been here 10 minutes, and he's going to crawl out of his skin if he
doesn't touch something," said his mother, Maria Rodriguez.

His father, Terry, added, "I was the same way 20 years ago."

Joey Bunch: 303-954-1174

or jbunch@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              July 7, 2006 Friday

Fiddle camp popular with young musicians;
55 students are enrolled in the El Cerrito day camp, which boasts one of the
world's best fiddle players as an instructor

BYLINE: Martin Snapp, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 657 words


Laura Risk is one of the foremost fiddlers in the world. Among her many fans is
filmmaker Ken Burns, who says, "Laura Risk's fiddle is a revelation and achingly
beautiful."

Every summer she leaves her home in Quebec for a week and travels to El Cerrito
to teach 7- to-13-year-olds at fiddlekids, a day camp dedicated to traditional
fiddle music.

Ditto for Helen White, one of the country's best old-time Appalachian fiddlers,
who travels from her home in Virginia.

This year, fiddlekids ran from June 19-23 at Tehiyah Day School. About half of
the 55 campers live in Berkeley, but others came from as far away as Belmont,
Danville, Canyon, Mill Valley and Mendocino.

What's the difference between a fiddle and a violin?

"Technically, nothing," said Alyssa Wang, 11. "It's just the music you play."

"Fiddle music is freer and looser," added her friend, Natalie Orgill, 12. "It
has a groove that classical music doesn't."

On the first day of camp, each camper was given a CD with all the tunes they
were expected to learn by the end of the week. On the last day, they played the
tunes in a grand performance for their parents and teachers. All the teaching
was by ear.

The campers were divided into four groups, according to their skill levels: Sun
Bears, Panda Bears, Polar Bears and the most advanced level, Grizzly Bears. On
this day, Risk was teaching the Grizzly Bears.

"It's so much fun to see them grow up," she said. "When I started teaching here,
they were tiny little kids with tiny little fiddles. Now they're all grown up,
and they're really good. You can really challenge them, and I love that."

Her students regard Risk with a reverence bordering on hero worship.

"Her bowing is just awesome, with delicate control -- but not too delicate,"
said Bonnie Rutherford, 15, of Oakland, a former camper who stayed on as an
assistant teacher. "More than anything, she's into it for the music rather than
the fame. That's what everybody should be in it for, but not everybody does."

In addition to Risk and White, Julian Smedley of Berkeley taught swing-jazz
fiddle, Marcy Overway taught art, Evie Ladin taught traditional dance --
including clogging, Irish step dancing, square dancing, contredanse and hombone
-- and Bobbi Shearn Nikles taught Celtic-style fiddle.

Nikles is also fiddlekids' founder.

"I started violin when I was 5, like a lot of kids in this camp," she said. "But
by the time I was a teenager, I was looking for something else to do with my
violin. But my classical teachers wouldn't utter a word about any other kind of
music available."

She gave up violin for a while and took up guitar. Soon she was making the
rounds of the local folk music scene in Berkeley.

Then one day she met White, who turned her on to her first fiddle tune: "Whiskey
Before Breakfast."

"I said, 'Wow! This is great stuff!' And I started to play my violin again. But
I started calling it a fiddle."

She began attending music camps but there was a drawback: They were for adults,
and there was nothing for the kids to do while their parents were having fun. So
Nikles decided to provide them with a camp of their own.

The first fiddlekids was held in 1998 at Prospect Sierra School.

Twenty-seven children attended that first year, including Darcy Noonan of
Albany, who was 9 at the time.

"You know how school is tedious, long and boring?" she said. "At fiddlekids, the
classes were over before you knew it. But you still learned a lot of stuff."

"Oh my God, those kids loved it!" said Nikles. "They loved it, their parents
loved it, and their music teachers loved it because they came back from the
summer better than they were before."

In 2001 fiddlekids moved to Tehiyah Day School, where it's been ever since.

"It's a happy little camp," said Nikles. "I have to say, it's very ambitious. We
ask a lot of the kids, and they learn an incredible amount. It's pretty amazing
what they can learn in a week."

Reach Martin Snapp at 510-262-2768 or e-mail msnapp@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              July 7, 2006 Friday

Fiddle camp popular with young musicians;
55 students are enrolled in the El Cerrito day camp, which boasts one of the
world's best fiddle players as an instructor

BYLINE: Martin Snapp, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 657 words


Laura Risk is one of the foremost fiddlers in the world. Among her many fans is
filmmaker Ken Burns, who says, "Laura Risk's fiddle is a revelation and achingly
beautiful."

Every summer she leaves her home in Quebec for a week and travels to El Cerrito
to teach 7- to-13-year-olds at fiddlekids, a day camp dedicated to traditional
fiddle music.

Ditto for Helen White, one of the country's best old-time Appalachian fiddlers,
who travels from her home in Virginia.

This year, fiddlekids ran from June 19-23 at Tehiyah Day School. About half of
the 55 campers live in Berkeley, but others came from as far away as Belmont,
Danville, Canyon, Mill Valley and Mendocino.

What's the difference between a fiddle and a violin?

"Technically, nothing," said Alyssa Wang, 11. "It's just the music you play."

"Fiddle music is freer and looser," added her friend, Natalie Orgill, 12. "It
has a groove that classical music doesn't."

On the first day of camp, each camper was given a CD with all the tunes they
were expected to learn by the end of the week. On the last day, they played the
tunes in a grand performance for their parents and teachers. All the teaching
was by ear.

The campers were divided into four groups, according to their skill levels: Sun
Bears, Panda Bears, Polar Bears and the most advanced level, Grizzly Bears. On
this day, Risk was teaching the Grizzly Bears.

"It's so much fun to see them grow up," she said. "When I started teaching here,
they were tiny little kids with tiny little fiddles. Now they're all grown up,
and they're really good. You can really challenge them, and I love that."

Her students regard Risk with a reverence bordering on hero worship.

"Her bowing is just awesome, with delicate control -- but not too delicate,"
said Bonnie Rutherford, 15, of Oakland, a former camper who stayed on as an
assistant teacher. "More than anything, she's into it for the music rather than
the fame. That's what everybody should be in it for, but not everybody does."

In addition to Risk and White, Julian Smedley of Berkeley taught swing-jazz
fiddle, Marcy Overway taught art, Evie Ladin taught traditional dance --
including clogging, Irish step dancing, square dancing, contredanse and hombone
-- and Bobbi Shearn Nikles taught Celtic-style fiddle.

Nikles is also fiddlekids' founder.

"I started violin when I was 5, like a lot of kids in this camp," she said. "But
by the time I was a teenager, I was looking for something else to do with my
violin. But my classical teachers wouldn't utter a word about any other kind of
music available."

She gave up violin for a while and took up guitar. Soon she was making the
rounds of the local folk music scene in Berkeley.

Then one day she met White, who turned her on to her first fiddle tune: "Whiskey
Before Breakfast."

"I said, 'Wow! This is great stuff!' And I started to play my violin again. But
I started calling it a fiddle."

She began attending music camps but there was a drawback: They were for adults,
and there was nothing for the kids to do while their parents were having fun. So
Nikles decided to provide them with a camp of their own.

The first fiddlekids was held in 1998 at Prospect Sierra School.

Twenty-seven children attended that first year, including Darcy Noonan of
Albany, who was 9 at the time.

"You know how school is tedious, long and boring?" she said. "At fiddlekids, the
classes were over before you knew it. But you still learned a lot of stuff."

"Oh my God, those kids loved it!" said Nikles. "They loved it, their parents
loved it, and their music teachers loved it because they came back from the
summer better than they were before."

In 2001 fiddlekids moved to Tehiyah Day School, where it's been ever since.

"It's a happy little camp," said Nikles. "I have to say, it's very ambitious. We
ask a lot of the kids, and they learn an incredible amount. It's pretty amazing
what they can learn in a week."

Reach Martin Snapp at 510-262-2768 or e-mail msnapp@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 14, 1999, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

8-year-old feels the Force in his fiddling

BYLINE: Csar G. Soriano

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 12D

LENGTH: 239 words


There is a great disturbance in the fiddle force.

Not since the devil went down to Georgia has a violinist so rocked
the Dark Side.

He's 8-year-old Austin Sanders of Branson, Mo., who uses the stage
name Darth Fiddler.

His specialty: the Star Wars theme song. He's quite a Star
Wars fan. He watches the original trilogy every day.

His goal is to perform in front of a royal audience: Star Wars
director George Lucas.

"It's been my dream all my life, since I was 4 1/2," he says.
He'd also like to play his fiddle in Star Wars, Episode 2.

Austin was inspired by father Terry, an entertainer at the Braschler
Music Show. "I thought the fiddle was pretty cool," Austin says.

Sanders plays at his father's show, nursing homes and radio stations.
He's playing Aug. 1 at the Ozark Empire Fair.

Three years ago, Austin hit the big time in Branson, becoming
the youngest performer at the Branson Annual Old Time Fiddle Contest.

"This year I'm going to try to go to first place as hard as I
can." The contest is Aug. 21.

"Wanna hear me play?"

Austin sets the phone down with a thud, picks up his fiddle and
shows how it's done. It sounds great, as great as Star Wars
can sound on a fiddle.

He has to hang up and get back to "watching Star Wars
movies and playing with Star Wars toys." Anything to add?

"Please, please, Mr. Lucas, send me to California!"

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, 1998 photo by Marc Leonard; Darth Fiddler: Austin Sanders
aims for first place next month in the Old Time Fiddle Contest.

TYPE: SHOW

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Sherbrooke Record (Quebec)

                             April 14, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Schryer, Campbell to headline Magic of Master Fiddlers

BYLINE: Nancy Nourse, The Record

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 548  words


There is good news for those who missed Stanstead's fourth annual Magic of
Master Fiddlers fundraiser -- there will be one more performance.

"This will, however, be the last time we bring this event to the Haskell stage.
For the last three years, we have enjoyed the opportunity to bring this blend of
traditions of Canadian and American styles to people on both sides of the
border," explained Wendy Hilliard, spokesperson for OEVNA & Hospice, the group
that will benefit from the funds raised during the event.

"The Haskell Opera House has been the perfect setting for this event, not only
because the building itself quite literally straddles the Canadian/U.S. Border,
but also because the Haskell is such a remarkable and world famous historic
site."

Not initially scheduled for the Haskell in 2006, organizers quickly came to
agreement with management there to present the show anyway, in June.

Hilliard is concerned that when the event is moved to another location, fans of
this type of music on the Canadian side of the border might miss out on a chance
to experience some of the best fiddlers of our time.

Over the past four years, fiddle music has been a hit with Canadian patrons of
the Haskell Opera House. Hilliard promised organizers will do their best to see
that the change of location is well publicized next year.

The featured performers for Magic of Master Fiddlers IV will be Canada's Louis
Schryer and American Scott Campbell.

Schryer was born in Sault Ste. Marie and now resides in Chapeau. He has been
playing the fiddle since the age of eight. Achieving his training in both
classical and traditional music came easy to him as because was born into a
Franco-Ontarian musical family whose name has become synonymous with great
traditional fiddle music and step-dancing.

Schryer recorded his first album with his two brothers (they are triplets) at
the age of 14. He is an eight-time Canadian Open fiddle champion, consecutive
three-time Canadian Grand Master fiddle champion and four-time winner of the
famous Pembroke Competition.

Schryer will be travelling with his two young daughters, Chelsey and Kaitlyn,
both of whom are energetic step dancers and talented fiddlers themselves.

For more than 35 years, Campbell has delighted his audiences and appeared in
countless fiddle contests (64 and counting) across New England and Canada, which
have earned him numerous junior and adult titles.

He is a three-time Vermont state champion and was inducted into the U.S.
National Fiddlers' Hall of Fame in 2005.

Scott was a child prodigy and began playing music at 18 months. At the age of
12, his talent was recognized by Graham Townsend, a Canadian fiddle champion who
invited Campbell to accompany him on a world tour. He is now in high demand as a
studio musician and recording engineer.

At a prior appearance at the Haskell, Campbell delighted the audience by playing
the national anthems from both Canada and the United States -- while hopping
back and forth across the line which divides the Haskell Opera House. He never
skipped a beat.

His ease and expertise with the fiddle have given him the confidence to
experiment with what has already been done, keeping his audience in a state of
high energy.

For more information, contact the Orleans Essex VNA & Hospice at 802-334-5213.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Nancy Nourse, Correspondent; The featured performers for Magic of Master
Fiddlers IV will be Canada's Louis Schryer and American Scott Campbell
(pictured).

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Sherbrooke Record
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            March 10, 2011 Thursday

Stone Church Arts presents St. Patrick's Fiddle Frenzy

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 307 words


Thursday March 10, 2011

BELLOWS FALLS -- Stone Church Arts presents St. Patrick's Fiddle Frenzy 2011
with Blue Moose and the Unbuttoned Zippers on Saturday at 7:30 p.m. This
foot-stomping celebration of spring will take place at Immanuel Episcopal
Church, 20 Church St.

Founded in 2006 by four Berklee College of Music students, BMUZ decided to do
something really different. They combined Scandinavian music and a nyckelharpa
with American old-time music, four- and five-string fiddles and a jazz and
bluegrass guitarist. The result -- a contemporary string band featuring triple
fiddles, catchy melodies and driving rhythms.

The band features Bronwyn Bird, Andy Reiner, Stash Wyslouch and Mariel
Vandersteel.

Blue Moose and the Unbuttoned Zippers have performed across the country at the
Kennedy Center The Freight and Salvage, Club Passim and the Woodsongs Old-Time
Radio Hour.

After playing in the Emerging Artist Showcase at the 2008 Falcon Ridge Folk
Festival, they were voted back to perform as the 2009 FRFF's Most Wanted
Artists. Other festivals they have performed at are: Blissfest, Champlain Valley
Folk Festival, the New England Folk Festival and the Boston Celtic Music
Festival. They have had official showcases at the International Folk Alliance
Conference in Memphis, Tenn., and at the New England Regional Folk Alliance.

Many have called BMUZ the next generation of roots and folk music and they have
been compared to other genre-breaking bands such as Crooked Still, The Duhks and
Vasen.

Admission is $17 for adults, $13 for seniors and children under 12 in advance,
$20 and $15 at the door. Tickets are available at Village Square Booksellers in
Bellows Falls, Toadstool Bookshop in Keene, N.H., Brattleboro Books, Misty
Valley Books in Chester and at www.brattleborotix.com or at the door.

For more information, call 802-463-3100.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Courier-Tribune (Asheboro, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 12, 2015 Monday

New Southern Ground to play the Sunset on Friday

BYLINE: Judi Brinegar, The Courier-Tribune, Asheboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 757 words


Oct. 12--ASHEBORO -- New Southern Ground will be performing at the Sunset
Theatre on Friday, Oct. 16, at 7 p.m.

This new, up-and-coming bluegrass band loves playing traditional bluegrass and
gospel bluegrass tunes. The band features five musicians who skillfully
demonstrate a vast array of musical talents. The band, based out of Asheboro,
consists of more than 90 years of combined performance experience and takes
pride in preserving its traditional bluegrass heritage.

Tickets for the show are $5 in advance and $8 at the door. Doors open at 6:30
p.m.

New Southern Ground got its start as a brother/sister duo called The Hensons and
later evolved into the full band. It has played at the Wide World of Bluegrass
Raleigh-Durham Airport, IBMA event with the High Lonesome Strings Association,
The Earle Theatre in Mount Airy, the North Carolina State Fair and at the Sunset
Theatre in Asheboro. The group has also played at local churches and benefit
concerts.

Tanner Henson is the band's talented 17-year-old lead singer and guitarist. He
has traveled all over North Carolina and Virginia competing in festivals and is
a multi-award winning musician. He also plays fiddle and mandolin. His bluegrass
career began at the age of 12 when he was promised his
great-great-great-grandfather's fiddle if he would learn to play it. Needless to
say, when Tanner's bow hit the fiddle, he was hooked on bluegrass and his life
was forever changed.

Macy Henson is the band's 12-year-old lead singer and fiddle player. With her
sassy personality and great clogging steps, she brings fun and excitement to the
stage. At age 8, Macy was inspired by her brother Tanner and decided to start
taking lessons. She was hooked on the sound of bluegrass music and began singing
and playing with Tanner at churches, festivals and local events. In addition to
singing, Macy's talent lies in her skills playing the fiddle, guitar and
mandolin. She is also a multi-award winning youth bluegrass musician who strives
to keep the music alive by sharing it with others. She is known to many as the
All-American Bluegrass Girl, earning that name by singing Rhonda Vincent's
"All-American Bluegrass Girl."

Lexington resident Tom Hyatt is the band's banjo player and sings a sweet
harmony. He began playing banjo at age 12 and his dad was his biggest influence.
He once played in his family band with his three sisters. He now plays banjo,
guitar and bass. Tom's banjo style is a mixture of bluegrass and melodic banjo.
He strives for a good clean sound and makes sure to compliment all other players
and singers with his playing. He has played in North Carolina, Ohio, West
Virginia and Pennsylvania.

Travis Brady keeps perfect rhythm and the band in time with his bass playing.
Travis has played bluegrass music for more than 30 years and played in several
bands. He was first introduced to bluegrass music by his dad, Jimmy Lee Brady.
Travis and his dad traveled together throughout North Carolina and Virginia
playing and enjoying many bluegrass festivals and events.

Tom Isenhour is a veteran of the bluegrass scene in the Carolinas. He adds to
the band with his skillful mandolin ability. Tom's interest in bluegrass was
sparked upon first hearing the "Beverly Hillbillies" theme song back in 1962. He
plays all of the instruments of bluegrass and has played with The Garland
Shuping band, the original High Country Boys and Wild Country. He has also had
the opportunity to pick tunes with The Masters of Bluegrass. He has been know to
say that "Bluegrass is in my soul." He has his own personal bluegrass museum in
his residence in Salisbury. Tom's desire is to play music as long as he can and
spread his love for bluegrass to others.

Breakout

New Southern Ground will be playing several shows in the area in the upcoming
weeks and months. Visit their Facebook page or, for more information, contact
Tami Henson at (336) 963-5294.

Upcoming shows include:

-- Oct. 17: The Merry Go Round Show at 11 a.m. at the Earle Theater, 142 N. Main
St., Mt. Airy.

-- Nov. 7: Holiday benefit at 4:30 p.m.at the Level Cross Community Center, 112
Branson Mill Road, Randleman.

-- Nov. 13: Show at 7:30 p.m. at Curtis Coble's Bluegrass House, 1151 Langley
Road, Staley

-- Nov. 20: Show at 7 p.m. at Community Baptist Church, 9006 Hillsville Road,
Trinity.

2016

-- Jan. 23: Show at 6:30 p.m. at Prissy Polly's, 729 Hwy. 66 South,
Kernersville.

___ (c)2015 The Courier-Tribune, Asheboro, N.C. Visit The Courier-Tribune,
Asheboro, N.C. at www.courier-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151012-1AO-New-Southern-Ground-to-play-the-Sunset-on-Friday-1012-20151012

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AO


                       Copyright 2015 The Courier-Tribune


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                            November 15, 2010 Monday

Frank Girardot: The riddle of Pasadena's James Fiddles

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 491 words


You might say James Fiddles is an international man of mystery.

Not quite on the scale of Austin Powers or 007 James Bond, but folks in
Queensland, Australia, would sure like to know more about him.

Fiddles of Pasadena was one of thousands of American troops stationed in
Australia during World War II.

Attached to the 126th Infantry, 32nd Division, Fiddles and other Americans came
to Nerimbera, in Queensland to recuperate after fighting the Japanese in New
Guinea in 1942.

While there, troops built St. Christopher's Chapel on the banks of the Fitzroy
River and competed in a variety of athletic contests at a nearby arena. It was
in the arena where Fiddles made a name for himself, winning an award for rope
climbing.

Eight other American servicemen - most from Wisconsin or Michigan - won awards,
too. All their names were added to a plaque commemorating their achievements.

When the arena was finally torn down several years ago, the plaque was
transferred to St. Christopher's.

Over the past 18 months Brian Morris, an 80-year-old resident of Queensland, has
made it his duty to track down the nine men. Morris, a teenager during the war,
said he made friends with several Americans stationed in Australia who manned a
gun emplacement on the coast overlooking an oyster bed owned by his father.

On July Fourth every year, residents of Nerimbera, Rockhampton and other nearby
towns gather at St. Christopher's to remember Americans who briefly lived there.

Last year, Morris attended the ceremony.

"Looking at the names on the chapel walls, I decided to trace the men who had
given so much in defense of this country," Morris said.

Ultimately, Morris wants to have the life story of each of the men become part
of the chapel's archive.

Since setting out on his search, Morris has found eight of the nine - some
living, some dead.

Among them were average Americans like:

-- Leonard Christian of Rhinelander, Wisconsin, who won the 440 dash. He
returned to the United States and worked for 25 years at the American Motors
plant in Racine, Wisconsin before his death in 1993;

-- David R. Dake, of Oshkosh, Wisconsin, who won the broad jump, returned to
battle for three tours in the South Pacific, before coming home. After working
at a Boeing plant in Florida, Dake, who is still alive, became a Pentacostal
minister before he returned to Wisconsin, and;

-- Lyle U. Smith, of Tacoma, Washington, who lost his life in battle.

But, figuring out what happened to James Fiddles, the lone Californian in a
group of Midwesterners, remains a riddle, Morris said.

"His name is not common, but he has proved to be the most difficult to trace,"
Morris said.

Morris believes his last hope to find Fiddles lies in the San Gabriel Valley.
He's praying that someone can connect the dots and solve the mystery of the
champion rope climber and Australian hero.

Frank C. Girardot is the editor of the Pasadena Star-News and Senior Metro
Editor of the San Gabriel Valley Newspapers.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Arkansas: Old Time Fiddle Weekend

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Department of Parks & Tourism, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following event detail:

Old Time Fiddle Weekend
Ozark Folk Center State Park
September 19, 2014 - September 20, 2014
Admission: TBA

All fiddle all the time this weekend, with a special emphasis on traditional old
time Ozark style. Nightly concerts and instruction featuring some of the premier
players as well as a good ol' fashioned fiddle contest. For more information
please visit us online at www.ozarkfolkcenter.com.


Ozark Folk Center State Park
1032 Park Avenue
Mountain View, AR  72560 Old Time Fiddle Weekend
Ozark Folk Center State Park
September 19, 2014 - September 20, 2014
Admission: TBA

All fiddle all the time this weekend, with a special emphasis on traditional old
time Ozark style. Nightly concerts and instruction featuring some of the premier
players as well as a good ol' fashioned fiddle contest. For more information
please visit us online at www.ozarkfolkcenter.com.


Ozark Folk Center State Park
1032 Park Avenue
Mountain View, AR  72560

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  http://www.arkansasstateparks.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             October 4, 2015 Sunday

BRIEF: Somerville man takes top honor at Tennessee Valley Old Time Fiddlers
Convention

BYLINE: The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 150 words


Oct. 04--ATHENS -- A Somerville man faced all comers to be crowned Fiddle
Champion on Saturday night at the 49th annual Tennessee Valley Old Time Fiddlers
Convention at Athens State University.

Mark Ralph took the title by winning the fiddle off, which pits the top fiddlers
from the junior, intermediate and senior divisions. Andrew Lin of Lexington,
Kentucky, who won the junior fiddle division, was runner-up.

Ralph, who won the intermediate fiddle division, earned the convention's top
prize of $1,000.

The convention is sponsored by the Athens State University Foundation and the
Greater Limestone County Chamber of Commerce. The convention has contributed
more than $500,000 to Athens State to fund student scholarships and university
projects.

___ (c)2015 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151004-DD-BRF-Somerville-man-takes-top-honor-at-Tennessee-Valley-Old-Time-Fidd
lers-Convention-1004-20151004

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2015 The Decatur Daily


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Philipsburg Mail (Montana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 17, 2014

Music at the lake

BYLINE: Philipsburg Mail staff

LENGTH: 243  words


Sunday, July 27th at 4:00 p.m., James Schlender and Craig Hall will perform at
St. Timothy's Chapel at Georgetown Lake.

James Schlender is a young violinist who attends the University of Miami
(Florida) studying jazz and classical violin. James started playing the fiddle
when he was nine years old, and by the time he was 13, he had won two National
Fiddle Championships. Since that time he has won many regional and state fiddle
contests and has placed in the top 10 for the last three years in the
prestigious Grandmasters Fiddle Contest held in Nashville, Tennessee. James
enjoys playing classical music in ensembles and as a soloist, playing worship
music at his church, and loves to jam till the wee hours of the morning any time
he can.

Craig Hall, a Montanan, is a jazz guitarist and acoustic bassist who has carved
out an existence as the definitive sideman of the upper mountain states. He has
played in recent years in over 30 states and on four continents with a diverse
array of groups, from The Montana Mandolin Society to Eden Atwood groups, the
Jeni Fleming Trio and others. Closer to home he gigs with Michael Myers, Bob
Britten, John Alexander, Kristin Korb, The String Jumpers, festival headliners,
good singers, bad singers, in between sax players.... hardware store owners ...
hoodlums ...and teaches a few private students. With Ann Tappan he co-leads the
group Springhill, playing progressive modern jazz drawing on rock and folk
influences.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PHM

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 Philipsburg Mail


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The News Courier (Athens, Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 5, 2010 Tuesday

Whittinghill takes 2010 Fiddlers Convention title

BYLINE: Jean Cole, The News Courier, Athens, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 893 words


Oct. 05--Kentucky fiddler Joel Whittinghill was sopping up the gravy Saturday
night, collecting this year's Fiddle King trophy and the $1,000 grand prize that
came with it.

The 37-year-old Bowling Green man won the title for the third time during the
final of the 44th annual Tennessee Valley Old Time Fiddlers Convention at Athens
State University.

Whittinghill, the junior division winner, laid down searing renditions of
"Soppin' the Gravy" and "Bridget's Waltz " during the fiddle off to edge out the
senior division winner, Roy Crawford of Cullman, and capture the 2010 Fiddle
King title.

Whittinghill was also named Fiddle King in 2004 and 2007.

He was just one of the winners in the annual convention, which draws more
than15,000 spectators to Athens.

The convention, sponsored by the Athens State University Foundation and the
Greater Limestone County Chamber of Commerce, has contributed more than $500,000
to Athens State to fund student scholarships and university projects, said Rick
Mould, ASU vice president for advancement.

Here is the complete list of winners, including nine from Limestone County, from
the two-day music competition:

Harmonica

First, Wailin Wood of Nashville; second, Tommy Bounds of Sylacauga; third, Rob
Pearcy of Smyrna, Tenn.; fourth, Bill Wagner of Birmingham; and fifth, Luke
Richardson of Lawrenceburg, Tenn.

Mandolin

First, Joel Whittinghill of Bowling Green, Ky.; second, Solly Burton of
Sullivan, Ind.; third, Will McMeans of Lester; fourth, Bobby Nobley of LaGrange,
Ga.; fifth, Allen Watkins of Vinemont.

Bluegrass banjo

First, Weston Stewart of Anderson; second, Sarah Ward of Columbia, Tenn.; third,
Allen Watkins of Vinemont; fourth, Aaron Clegg of Monroe, Ga.; fifth, Gary Cox
of Athens.

Dobro

First, Steven Smiley of Elkmont; second, Rob Pearcy of Smyrna, Tenn.; third,
Damion Kidd of Elkmont; fourth, Will McMeans of Lester; fifth, Aaron Clegg of
Monroe, Ga.

Dulcimer

First, Rob Pearcy of Smyrna, Tenn.; second, Becky Ferguson of Killen; third,
Tommy Bounds of Sylacauga; fourth, Lou Beasley of Huntsville; fifth, Roger
Patterson of Athens.

Old-time singing

First, Ed Norman of Durham, N.C.; second, Graham and Bettye Kash of Cookeville,
Tenn.; third, Wayne Taylor and Sue Charles of Meridianville; fourth, Hunter
Patterson of Cullman; fifth, Jim Holland of Athens.

Beginning fiddler (age 10 and under)

First, Matthew Lin of Lexington, Ky; second, Haley Powers of Leeds; third,
Benjamin Lin of Lexington, Ky.; fourth, Abrey Norman of Holly Pond; fifth,
Elijah Miller of Hanceville.

Guitar -- finger picking

First, Jimmy Wood of Fairview, Tenn.; second, Justin Miller of Athens; third,
Patrick Lowery of Brewton; fourth, Ken Hinkle of Madison; fifth, Vance Smith of
Athens.

Old-time banjo

First, Adam Hurt of Kernersville, N.C.; second, Charlie Hunter of Birmingham;
third, Brandon Holder of Boone, N.C.; fourth, Luke Richardson of Lawrenceburg,
Tenn.; fifth, Rob Pearcy of Smyrna, Tenn.

Guitar -- flat picking

First, Bryan McDowell of Canten, N.C.; second, Joel Whittinghill of Bowling
Green, Ky; third, Rob Pearcy of Smyrna, Tenn.; fourth, Hannah Ward of Columbia,
Tenn.; fifth, Patrick Lowery of Brewton.

Beginning fiddler (age 11 to 15)

First, Samantha Cunningham of Versailles, Ky.; second, Anna Allison of Muscle
Shoals; third, Brandon Shull of Lancaster, Ohio; fourth, Emma De Jarnette of
Snellville, Ga.; fifth, Andrew Lin of Lexington, Ky.

Senior fiddler

First, Roy Crawford of Cullman; second Wayne Jerrolds of Savannah, Tenn.; third,
Chuck Reeves of Oakman; fourth, Wayne Carlen of Aberdeen, Miss.; fifth, Del
Bassett of Gobles, Miss.

Classic old-time fiddler

First, Adam Hurt of Kernersville, N.C; second, Jim Holland of Athens; third,
Luke Richardson of Lawrenceburg, Tenn.; fourth, Will McMeans of Lester; fifth,
Charlie Hunter of Birmingham.

Bluegrass band

First, Ward Family Bluegrass of Columbia, Tenn.; second, The Justice Family of
Waverly Hall, Ga.; third, Black Jack Ridge of La Vergne, Tenn.; fourth, Roman
Locklear of Kimberly; fifth, Free Indeed of Decatur.

Junior fiddler

First, Joel Whittinghill of Bowling Green, Ky.; second, Bryan McDowell of
Canton, N.C.; third, Bethany Breakall of Beria, Ky; fourth, Aarin De Jarnette of
Snellville, Ga.; fifth, Tori Huntley of Loretto, Tenn.

Old-time band

First, Georgia Crackers of Brookhaven, Ga.; second, Hogslop String Band of
Nashville; third, Alabama Buddies of Lawrenceburg, Tenn.; fourth, Flying Jenny
of Birmingham; fifth, Roan Mountain Hilltoppers of Roan Mountain, Tenn.

Buck dancing (age 15 and under)

First, Kati Huntley of Loretto, Tenn.; second, Alysa Matheny of Fairview, Tenn.;
third, Shawn Jones of Lyles, Tenn.; fourth, Zach Gean of Meridianville; fifth,
Brianne Hargrove of Athens.

Buck dancing (age 16 and over)

First, Thomas Maupin of Murphreesboro, Tenn.; second, Jay Bland of Kennesaw,
Ga.; third, Tommy Jackson of Franklin, Tenn.; fourth, Tori Huntley of Loretto,
Tenn.; fifth, Blair Bryan of Minor Hill, Tenn.

To see more of The News Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.enewscourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The News Courier, Athens, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101005-XN-Whittinghill-takes-2010-Fiddlers-Convention-title-1005-20101005

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XN


                        Copyright 2010 The News Courier


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            January 4, 2007 Thursday

Just fiddlin' around

BYLINE: By BRIDGET SCRIMENTI, Sun Staff

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 390 words


WESTFORD -- Katie McNally vigorously shuffles her bow. The lyrical sounds of
Scottish fiddle music permeate her living room.

"I'm trying to make it as beautiful as I possibly can and feel what the composer
was feeling," McNally said.

McNally, 16, has been playing the fiddle since she was 8. She says that while
most people associate fiddle music with barn dances, the music is much more
emotional.

She plays a traditional Scottish song called an air. The lyrical tunes are an
expressive and slower type of fiddle music.

"What comes out in an air is the deeper side of fiddling -- the real emotion,"
McNally said.

She will perform at the Boston Celtic Music Festival in Cambridge on Jan. 12
through Jan. 14. The festival combines all styles of Celtic music and dancing,
while artists perform simultaneously on four stages inside Cambridge's Club
Passim and the First Parish Church, both located in Harvard Square.

"It's a pretty vibrant event," said co-founder Shannon Heaton, an Irish flute
player and singer who started the festival four years ago to offer Boston-area
artists a chance to display their talent.

This is McNally's second year performing at the festival. She will play a medley
of fiddle songs called reels, including a jig she wrote.

McNally competed in the U.S. National Scottish Fiddling Competition in 2004 and
2005, ranking second and third among the country's top 15 teenage fiddlers.

She recently placed third in a New England Regional Competition and will compete
again in the National Scottish Fiddling Competition later this year.

Her passion for fiddling began with an Eileen Ivers concert at Lowell's Boarding
House Park. The famous Irish fiddler inspired McNally to take fiddling more
seriously, while the concert left her awestruck.

"I had to hold Katie down, she was floating afterward," said her mother Leanne.

McNally is a junior at Concord Academy. She performs locally with the Westford
contradance band OH CONTRAire and the bluegrass band Boston Road.

She is looking forward to the Celtic Music Festival and calls the event a "great
introduction" to Celtic music. McNally will perform with the teenage
Boston-based group 5AM and in the show's finale concert, "Finding Our Way."

"It's the people you play with and how passionate they are," she said. "There's
so much new music, but it retains it's old timeless quality."

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Celtic fiddler Katie McNally, 16, of Westford, has been playing the
fiddle since she was 8. SUN/BOB WHITAKER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 23, 2005 Thursday

Kettering girl, 12, to compete in Ireland

BYLINE: Adele Koehnen

SECTION: KETTERING OAKWOOD; Pg. Z1-1

LENGTH: 943 words


Dreams are coming true for 12-year-old

Victoria Dershem, who has been Irish dancing since the age of 4 with the Celtic
Academy of Irish Dance, 85 Woodman Drive in Riverside.

Not only talented in dancing, she has taken still another step, studying the
fiddle for several years as a student of Larry Sanger, also of the Celtic
Academy.

The soon-to-be eighth-grader at Kettering Middle School, "Tory" as her friends
call her, will be traveling to Letterkenny County Donegal this summer to compete
in the Fladh Cheoil nah Eireann, the All-Ireland World Music Competition in both
vocal and fiddle events.

"I have done lots of Celtic dancing at A World A'fair, for the Ancient Order of
Hibernians and the Dubliner in Cincinnati and many other places like nursing
homes and community things, but to go to Ireland is my real dream ... and I'm
going to do it," Tory said.

"I qualified for it by being in the Midwest Fleadh Cheoil, taking third place in
fiddle and seconds in both vocal and fiddle."

Her mother and father, Leslie and Linda Dershem, who are of Irish descent and
live in Kettering, are going along to see their daughter's dream come true.

Centerville public forum slated tonight

The Centerville City Council is calling some neighbors to the fifth in a series
of meetings to reach out to residents to learn more about the city's programs
and services.

At 7 p.m. today in the Centerville High School West Commons, 500 E. Franklin
St., residents in areas south of Centerville Station Road, north of Franklin
Street to south of Zengel Drive, Deer Run and Whispering Oaks are invited to
attend.

More specifically the plats are: South Pleasant Hill, Huber Plat, Zengel Plat,
Deer Run Condos, Fallenoak Trace, Wythe Parish, Terrace Villa, Gorman Plat,
Weidner's Addition, Lake Glen Estates, St. Leonard, Black Oak South, Centerville
Station, Walnut Hills Estates, Park Place and East Park Place.

Issues to be discussed are the Centerville Police Neighborhood Watch program; an
update on Create the Vision; information on permits, zoning and property
maintenance; and new business development.

This is an opportunity to talk to City Council members, city staff and Mayor
Mark Kingseed about concerns and plans for Centerville.

Attendees are asked to enter Centerville High by using the western entrance
driveway, turn left at the first parking lot and enter the north door.

For more information, call Centerville Municipal Offices at 433-7151.

Kettering man, former DESC worker honored

Robert E. Cooper of Kettering was chosen one of the first nine citizens to be
inducted into the Defense Supply Center Hall of Fame in Columbus.

Cooper was chosen for his special work at the Dayton Electronic Service Center -
DESC - that moved to Columbus a few years after Cooper retired.

He was the only Dayton-area person to be inducted.

Cooper was instrumental in the creation and ongoing development of key programs
used in the electronics procurement arena.

He developed the Standard Microcircuit Drawing Program and designing a long-term
humidity-controlled storage system for microcircuits.

He retired from federal service in 1989, but continued his work in the community
as one of the founders of the Urban People project in Dayton, addressing the
lack of housing for low-income families.

Historical society elects new officers

Mariada Zengel, affectionately known as "Bootie," has been elected president of
the board of trustees of the Centerville-Washington Twp. Historical Society.

Her husband, Adam, and she have been members of the society since 1979, becoming
life members in 2003.

Nancy Achor was elected first vice president; Berneta Daley, second vice
president; Carolyn Barthel and Sue Price will share the duties of secretary; and
Brad Thorp was re-elected treasurer.

Sue Hufnagle, former trustee president, will serve as an exofficio member of the
executive committee.

The board of trustees also welcomed two new members: community businessmen Jim
Moore and Jerry Strange.

Students in the news

* Betsy West Suver graduated magna cum laude with a juris doctorate degree from
the University of Dayton School of Law recently.

Suver served as editor of the Law Review and was one of six published students.

She is an alumna of the Miami Valley School and Ohio University.

Suver's parents are Barbara and Jim Collins of Centerville, and Jim and Kathie
West of Philadelphia, Pa.

* Robert C. Walter graduated magna cum laude with university honors with
distinction from Miami University majoring in political science.

At Miami, he was captain of one of the nationally recognized Miami University
Mock Trial teams.

The 2002 graduate of Carroll High School in Riverside plans to attend Notre Dame
University School of Law in the fall.

His parents are John and Michele Walter of Kettering.

* Joseph Reeves, a 2004 graduate of Alter High School, received a $500
scholarship from the Ohio State University ROTC Alumni Society at the annual
Department of Military Science and Leadership Spring Awards ceremony.

His parents are David and Becky Reeves of Sugarcreek Twp.

* Emily Helm graduated from Wright State University School of Medicine and has
been accepted into the Emergency Medicine Program at St. John's Hospital in
Michigan.

She will begin her residency next month.

Her parents are Chris and David Helm of Washington Twp.

If you or a friend or relative recently achieved an honor, or your club or
organization has an activity that would make interesting reading, call Adele U.
Koehnen at 433-1552, e-mail her at adeleauk@aol.com or fax her at 433-1194. You
can also send a typewritten notice to Neighborhood News Department, Dayton Daily
News, 45 S. Ludlow St., Dayton, OH 45402. We want to hear from you.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: VICTORIA DERSHEM, 12, of Kettering has earned a chance to compete in
vocal and fiddle events in Ireland this summer.
Robert E. Cooper

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Original Irregular (Kingfield, Maine)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 23, 2015

The Fretless comes to Maine

BYLINE: The Original Irregular staff

LENGTH: 478  words


New England Celtic Arts will present The Fretless at One Longfellow Square in
Portland Monday, Sept. 28; at The Green Church Concert Series in Mexico
Wednesday, Sept. 30; and at North Church Concerts with the Farmington Historical
Society Thursday, Oct. 1. Curtain times are 7 p.m. in Mexico and Farmington, and
7:30 in Portland.

The Fretless is a new approach to folk music that is quickly gaining high
acclaim around the world. This unique band is taking string music to fascinating
places as it transforms fiddle tunes and folk melodies into intricate,
beautiful, high-energy arrangements.

In November 2011, Karrnnel Sawitsky (fiddle), Ivonne Hernandez (Fiddle), Eric
Wright (cello) and Trent Freeman (fiddle) got together for the first time on
Vancouver Island to start rehearsing this project. After 10 days straight of
writing, arranging, practicing and an absurd amount of tea, The Fretless emerged
as a band.

With the release of their debut album Waterbound in early 2012, which features
their fresh styles, compositions, as well as collaborations with singers Ruth
Moody and Norah Rendell, the quartet grabbed the attention of critics and fans
across many genres. This recording fueled a busy summer of festivals across
Canada, a month long tour of Germany in the fall, and world wide sales and radio
play. The year was capped with three awards, bringing the album, and the band
further into the public eye: Instrumental Album of the Year at the Western
Canadian Music Awards, and at the Canadian Folk Music Awards, the Fretless
walked away with both Ensemble of the year, and Instrumental Group of the Year.

Musically, the goals of the group are to expand the rhythmic, harmonic and
structured arrangement style of the many folk genres they play using only string
instruments. There are countless fiddle styles across Canada and around the
globe that have been stagnating over time, and The Fretless is working to
incorporate a new approach and a new audience. As a band, all four members have
come from very different traditional and contemporary backgrounds, and are
influenced by a vast array of art. However they are unified in their goal to
continually develop their amalgamated sound in order to push traditional music
as far as possible.

The Fretless is an innovation in music that must be heard. They harbor all the
energy of fiddle tunes, while shattering all expectations in writing, creativity
and performance.

One Longfellow Square is located at 181 State Street in Portland. Tickets are
$15 pre-sale or $20 at the door. Call 761-1757 or go online at
https://onelongfellowsquare.com.

The Mexico Congregational Church is at 163 Main Street in Mexico. For
reservations, call 562-4445. Tickets are $15.

North Church is located at 118 High Street in Farmington. For reservations, call
778-2006. Tickets are $15.

More info is available at www.necelticarts.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORI

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 The Original Irregular


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Mearns Leader

                            August 2, 2012 Thursday

Mearnsong Concert stars

LENGTH: 378  words


On Saturday, (August 4), as part of the Mearns Connection Festival, the
Mearnsong Concert features an exciting mix of musicians with Patsy Reid and
Angus Lyon on fiddle, accordion and piano alongside American singer/songwriters
Laura Cortese and Jefferson Hamer.

Fiddle player Patsy Reid is the youngest ever winner of the prestigious
Glenfiddich Fiddle Championship.

At 17, Patsy was a finalist in the BBC Young Traditional Musician of the Year
Award. She is a founding member of Scottish folk band Breabach, seeing them
three-times nominated for Best Folk Band at the Scots Traditional Music Awards
and nominated for Best Band in the Radio 2 Folk Awards of 2011.

At the Mearnsong concert, Patsy will be performing with Angus Lyon. Angus is one
of Scotland's most innovative and original accordionists, recognised for mixing
his classical background with the Scottish tradition.

He is perhaps best known for his work with fiddle player Ruaridh Campbell. The
duo have recorded two albums together; the latest 18 Months Later' was named as
one of Celtic Connections Classic Albums of 2007 and was awarded the Herald's
folk album of the year for 2006.

Laura Cortese's album Blow the Candle Out where she delivers original and
traditional songs with the unusual combination of fiddle, drums and voice, has
received many plaudits.

Having made a name for herself as a teenager for her traditional Scottish fiddle
, Laura has since grown into a thoroughly modern performer and songwriter who
draws on her diverse musical influences including Otis Redding as well as the
traditional Scottish ballads she discovered as a young girl in California.

Jefferson Hamer began playing gigs around Colorado in the early 2000s and toured
the USA for a decade as a lead guitarist, singer and songwriter. He relocated to
New York in 2008 and became immersed in the Irish music scene. Now based in
Brooklyn, he plays both traditional and original music.

With such a wide and diverse range of talent from both sides of the Atlantic,
this year's Mearnsong promises to provide a stirring contemporary & traditional
flavour to the Saturday evening concert.

Tickets £15, available from Isabella Williamson at the Grassic Gibbon Centre on
01561 361668 or through the website www.mearnsconnections.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SAML


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

'Fiddle and Song Retreat' in Bellows Falls

BYLINE: Special to the Reformer

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 258 words


BELLOWS FALLS &GT;&GT; Stone Church Arts brings Lissa Schneckenburger and Laura
Cortese, both extraordinary fiddlers and singers, to Immanuel Retreat Center, 12
Church St., to share their art in the "Fiddle and Song Retreat" over the weekend
of March 13 through 15. Participants will join Lissa and Laura, along with
Boston-based guitarist Bethany Waickman, in the annual St. Patrick's Fiddle
Frenzy concert at the stone church on the hill on March 14.

Workshops on fiddling, singing, and song writing will be offered. There will be
a community outreach as well as the performance opportunity in the "Fiddle
Frenzy" concert. Enjoy jam sessions galore as well as simple, good fun all
weekend.

The Fiddle and Song Retreat is open to all instrumentalists as well as singers.
All classes will be taught at an intermediate/advanced level.

The traditional music of New England can be as warm and comforting as a winter
fire or as potent and exhilarating as a summer thunderstorm. Fiddler and singer
Schneckenburger is a master of both moods, a winsome, sweet-voiced singer who
brings new life to old ballads and a skillful, dynamic fiddler who captures the
driving rhythm and carefree joy of dance tunes old and new.

Join Schneckenburger and Cortese in their Fiddle and Song Retreat at Immanuel
Retreat Center, 12 Church St., Bellows Falls. Tuition for commuters is $90 for
the weekend. Tuition with accommodations varies from $125 (shared) to $225
(single) for two nights. For more information or to register, call 802-460-0110
or visit www.stonechurcharts.org .

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lissa Schneckenburger
Laura Cortese.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                             August 15, 2010 Sunday

Music leaves an imprint on every part of teacher's life

BYLINE: Becky Orr

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 785 words


By Becky Orr

borr@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - Bob Mathews chose music when he was 4 years old.

He made a good decision.

Music is part of everything that is important to him, from his career to adding
joy to his family life. Music even introduced him to his wife.

Mathews, 56, passes on his love of music to hundreds of teens in Cheyenne.

He teaches orchestra at Cheyenne's Carey Junior High and East High. This will be
his 35th year of teaching. He said he loves the job.

"I like seeing kids achieve and progress. It's exciting to see them do something
positive. Music is such a force in life. It is one of those things that draw
people together," he said.

A framed snapshot in Mathews' comfortable home captures the family's musical
tradition.

In the year-old photo, three tots surround a smiling Mathews. Everyone holds
their violins and their bows. Each violin fits the size of the musicians.

The tots are his grandchildren. There are 3-year-old twins, Andra and Allie, and
Bobby, who's 2.

The children learn about music from their grandparents and their parents.

Mathews' love for music started at age 4 when he heard the sound of fiddle. He
heard his first fiddle music on a trip to Weiser, Idaho.

The trip was like many others he and his parents had made to the town to buy
groceries.

But this time, the town was hosting the National Oldtime Fiddlers Contest. The
competition is the oldest in America.

A young Mathews and his parents watched talented fiddle players perform.

And that was that.

"There was something about the fiddle," he said. He loved its style and knew he
was going to play it some day.

See Music, page A10

Music:

Continued from A3

The chance came when he was in the fourth grade at Buffalo Ridge Elementary in
Cheyenne.

Two music teachers - Anthony Perella and Rex Yocum - walked into the classroom
one day.

They asked if any of the students wanted to learn to play the violin. Mathews'
hand shot up.

He joined the summer music program, playing a treasured violin his parents
bought for him.

Mathews was part of the orchestra programs at Carey Junior High and East High.
He sat first chair violin in high-school orchestra. He was selected for top
musical honor groups like All-State Orchestra for three years and All Northwest
Orchestra.

He is classically trained and also plays by ear. Mathews plays violin - or more
classical selections - and the fiddle.

Mathews won the Wyoming State Old Time Fiddle Champion contest five times. He
won the fanciest fiddling competition at the national level at Weiser.

He earned his music degree from the University of Wyoming in Laramie.

He met his future wife there. One day, he saw a young woman walking out of the
fine arts building. She carried a clarinet case.

Mathews told his friend that she was the woman he was going to marry.

Wife Debbie is a talented musician. She teaches band and general music at
Dildine Elementary. "She's the love of my life," he said.

After college, Mathews returned to Cheyenne. He taught orchestra for 21 years at
the elementary, junior high and high -school levels.

Then, as the program grew, he focused on Carey Junior High and Cheyenne's East
High.

Mathews created the popular Strolling Strings group at East High. The group is
made up of orchestra musicians. They perform for service clubs and at special
events.

Cheyenne is lucky to have a good music program, he said.

"The music program will survive because of the quality of the people in this
community."

Music is a valuable part of education. Plato, Socrates, Galileo were musicians,
he said.

Former student Derik Nelson was in the Strolling Strings until he graduated from
East High in 2005.

"Mr. Mathews is a wonderful teacher and a wonderful person," he said.

Nelson is a certified nursing assistant assigned to a rehab unit at Cheyenne
Regional Medical Center.

The Strolling Strings performs for patients there. "The patients like it very
well," Nelson said.

Mathews is part of the popular band Country Club. The band performed at the
pancake breakfasts at Cheyenne Frontier Days and at Cheyenne Day.

His adult children, Lori Wagner and Bob Mathews III and family friend John
Creswell are in the band.

Debbie Mathews manages the band. She picks songs for the sets and operates the
sound system.

Everyone has an equal role in the band to help it succeed.

His son and daughter are talented musicians, too. Lori Wagner operates her own
music studio. Son Bob Mathews III is a software manager for the state Department
of Health.

Mathews is thankful for the gifts of music.

"It's hard to explain what it's like to teach something," he said. "I hope in
some way my students will learn to love it (music) like I do. If I can give them
a love and thirst for knowledge, maybe I've done something for the world."

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cheyenne music teacher Bob Mathews plays the fiddle earlier this week.
He stands in front of a painting of his son created by his son's wife, Erica.
Mathews teaches at Cheyenne's Carey Junior High and East High. Michael
Smith/staff

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                             August 15, 2010 Sunday

Music leaves an imprint on every part of teacher's life

BYLINE: Becky Orr

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 785 words


By Becky Orr

borr@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - Bob Mathews chose music when he was 4 years old.

He made a good decision.

Music is part of everything that is important to him, from his career to adding
joy to his family life. Music even introduced him to his wife.

Mathews, 56, passes on his love of music to hundreds of teens in Cheyenne.

He teaches orchestra at Cheyenne's Carey Junior High and East High. This will be
his 35th year of teaching. He said he loves the job.

"I like seeing kids achieve and progress. It's exciting to see them do something
positive. Music is such a force in life. It is one of those things that draw
people together," he said.

A framed snapshot in Mathews' comfortable home captures the family's musical
tradition.

In the year-old photo, three tots surround a smiling Mathews. Everyone holds
their violins and their bows. Each violin fits the size of the musicians.

The tots are his grandchildren. There are 3-year-old twins, Andra and Allie, and
Bobby, who's 2.

The children learn about music from their grandparents and their parents.

Mathews' love for music started at age 4 when he heard the sound of fiddle. He
heard his first fiddle music on a trip to Weiser, Idaho.

The trip was like many others he and his parents had made to the town to buy
groceries.

But this time, the town was hosting the National Oldtime Fiddlers Contest. The
competition is the oldest in America.

A young Mathews and his parents watched talented fiddle players perform.

And that was that.

"There was something about the fiddle," he said. He loved its style and knew he
was going to play it some day.

See Music, page A10

Music:

Continued from A3

The chance came when he was in the fourth grade at Buffalo Ridge Elementary in
Cheyenne.

Two music teachers - Anthony Perella and Rex Yocum - walked into the classroom
one day.

They asked if any of the students wanted to learn to play the violin. Mathews'
hand shot up.

He joined the summer music program, playing a treasured violin his parents
bought for him.

Mathews was part of the orchestra programs at Carey Junior High and East High.
He sat first chair violin in high-school orchestra. He was selected for top
musical honor groups like All-State Orchestra for three years and All Northwest
Orchestra.

He is classically trained and also plays by ear. Mathews plays violin - or more
classical selections - and the fiddle.

Mathews won the Wyoming State Old Time Fiddle Champion contest five times. He
won the fanciest fiddling competition at the national level at Weiser.

He earned his music degree from the University of Wyoming in Laramie.

He met his future wife there. One day, he saw a young woman walking out of the
fine arts building. She carried a clarinet case.

Mathews told his friend that she was the woman he was going to marry.

Wife Debbie is a talented musician. She teaches band and general music at
Dildine Elementary. "She's the love of my life," he said.

After college, Mathews returned to Cheyenne. He taught orchestra for 21 years at
the elementary, junior high and high -school levels.

Then, as the program grew, he focused on Carey Junior High and Cheyenne's East
High.

Mathews created the popular Strolling Strings group at East High. The group is
made up of orchestra musicians. They perform for service clubs and at special
events.

Cheyenne is lucky to have a good music program, he said.

"The music program will survive because of the quality of the people in this
community."

Music is a valuable part of education. Plato, Socrates, Galileo were musicians,
he said.

Former student Derik Nelson was in the Strolling Strings until he graduated from
East High in 2005.

"Mr. Mathews is a wonderful teacher and a wonderful person," he said.

Nelson is a certified nursing assistant assigned to a rehab unit at Cheyenne
Regional Medical Center.

The Strolling Strings performs for patients there. "The patients like it very
well," Nelson said.

Mathews is part of the popular band Country Club. The band performed at the
pancake breakfasts at Cheyenne Frontier Days and at Cheyenne Day.

His adult children, Lori Wagner and Bob Mathews III and family friend John
Creswell are in the band.

Debbie Mathews manages the band. She picks songs for the sets and operates the
sound system.

Everyone has an equal role in the band to help it succeed.

His son and daughter are talented musicians, too. Lori Wagner operates her own
music studio. Son Bob Mathews III is a software manager for the state Department
of Health.

Mathews is thankful for the gifts of music.

"It's hard to explain what it's like to teach something," he said. "I hope in
some way my students will learn to love it (music) like I do. If I can give them
a love and thirst for knowledge, maybe I've done something for the world."

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cheyenne music teacher Bob Mathews plays the fiddle earlier this week.
He stands in front of a painting of his son created by his son's wife, Erica.
Mathews teaches at Cheyenne's Carey Junior High and East High. Michael
Smith/staff

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 28, 2008 Monday

Competition lets fiddles frolic

BYLINE: BJ Lewis, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 559 words


Apr. 28--HALLETTSVILLE --As the sun came out, so did the fiddles at the 38th
annual Texas State Championship Fiddlers Frolics on Sunday.

Morning showers left the carnival and cook-off grounds a bit soggy, but they did
nothing to disrupt the flow of fiddling and cooking fun.

The Knights of Columbus Hall was packed with fans of the fiddle. Outside were
several tents with vendors of various goods, including fiddles, naturally.
Looking right, left, forward and back behind the hall, visitors couldn't help
but see the cooking setups or get caught up in the smell of barbecue in the air.

Back inside, Texas State Champion Ricky Turpin and guitarist Rex Gillentine were
inducted into the Texas Fiddlers' Hall of Fame. After saying a few words to the
audience, the brand-new hall of fame musicians jammed together for several
minutes before the Texas State Championship Fiddle Contest began.

It was Elijah Stone's third time participating in the contest. The 26-year-old
from Kerrville said he is still fairly new to the fiddle and likes the idea of
the Fiddlers Frolic as a way to immerse himself into the music.

"Right when you think you know something, someone comes along and shows you
something new," he said, between practicing.

A fellow contestant, Jordan Greer has been around the contest a lot longer than
Stone. Jordan, 17, from Burton said he has been playing for nine years and
attending the Frolics for seven.

"I am really competitive," he said about what has brought him back year after
year. "And I really like to play with other people and just jam."

Jamming together was something Marina Pendleton and Mitchell Butaud spent Sunday
afternoon doing. Mitchell, from Magnolia, and Marina, from Tulsa, had just met
each other Saturday and were playing together Sunday, trading off with each
other between the fiddle and the guitar.

This year was the first that the Pendleton family attended the Frolics, Marina's
mother, Virginia, said as she watched her daughter jam with her new friend.

"We had heard a lot about it. It's one of the biggest in the country and a lot
of our friends come down," she said. "We've had a really good time."

Mitchell has been coming for four years now.

"It's fun. There is no time where there is not something going on," he said as
he strummed his guitar.

When the state contest began there were 25 contestants. The top three
contestants moved on to the Cliff and Velda Fryer Championship Play-off. Dennis
Ludiker from Austin emerged as the winner and 2008 state champion.

Traveling from Corpus Christi for the event, Ronnie and Kris Naquin, freelance
photographers, were busy snapping pictures and scarfing barbecue.

"This is great stuff. The fiddlers are great, the barbecue is unbelievable,"he
said with a wide grin. "This is a great place to bring your kids and get in
touch with rural American."

The duo just discovered the Fiddlers Frolic last year, Kris said.

"We will be back for many more," Ronnie added.

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080428-VI-FIDDLE-FESTIVAL-20080428

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2008 Victoria Advocate


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Kerryman (Ireland)

                                  May 20, 2015
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Organisers can take a bow after World Fiddle Day success

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 391 words


FROM about 8pm on Friday night the fiddlers and musicians began to appear and
gather at Browne's Bar. The excitement mounted as resin was rubbed on bows that
wouldn't see a string for an hour or two. It's a matter of habit. So too, over
the past three years, is a gathering photograph of the early arrivals for the
Kerry adaptation of World Fiddle Day.

That posed for and done and dusted by an obliging group of musicians from
throughout Ireland and the USA, the bows got another rub of resin - out of habit
- and they were away to up the bar in Browne's and some to Tom McCarthy's. Up to
20 musicians in both houses had them lifting with a summer-time atmosphere which
hasn't been seen here for a while.

I went off to Glountane on Saturday morning with PJ Teahan and the O'Connor
family from Dublin as guests. We went over to show them Patrick O'Keeffe's
haunts, house and school and we met Matt Cranitch there and took the photographs
and they played the polka off the memorial stone outside the Master's old house.

Scartaglin on Saturday was a hive. The village was looking splendid from the
efforts of the locals and they welcomed World Fiddle Day with open arms.

Back at the local heritage centre, Dubliner, Mick O'Connor unwrapped a filmed
interview he had done with the late Gortgloss fiddle player and Dublin resident,
Jerry McCarthy. It was a gem and event organiser PJ Teahan had been talking
about it for months. The reaction of the audience was enough for the genial Mr.
O'Connor to understand how highly Jerry McCarthy is thought of in the general
Sliabh Luachra scheme of things.

I had the pleasure of showing a collection of Scartaglin specific photographs in
a slide show earlier with great help and encouragement from the same Mick
O'Connor and Nickey McAuliffe.

One of the highlights of the night was the arrival of an inscribed birthday cake
to mark a milestone day for Skip Gorman the wonderful fiddle player from New
Hampshire, USA. Skip and his fiddle playing friend, Ron Kane from Montana stood
on stage as the audience sang happy birthday to mark the occasion. It was also a
note of deep appreciation for the amazing show of open tuning fiddle playing and
Cowboy singing they had just delivered from the two visitors. They and more will
be back. Mick Culloty and PJ Teahan are well entitled to take a bow themselves
this morning.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fiddle player Skip Gorman was presented with a birthday cake by Bridie
Garvey in Scartaglin on Saturday night. Included are concert presenter Com
Moynihan, with Ron Kane, Montana, and P.J.Teahan, event co-organiser.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KMN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            July 18, 2001 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Ego plays second fiddle to humble genius

BYLINE: Jill Sykes

SECTION: METROPOLITAN; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 729 words


Neither the 1699 Stradivarius nor its renowned owner demands any airs or graces,
writes Jill Sykes.

Violinist Gil Shaham comes to Sydney with descriptions like "genius" preceding
him and a CV overflowing with the names of great orchestras he has played with
yet turns out to be the most modest and gentle of concert platform stars.

He talks about playing the fiddle, which is no affectation. He seems surprised
when I ask, he thinks about it a bit and says his first teacher called it a
fiddle and he has done so ever since.

The fiddle in question obligingly being turned every which way for the
photograph and revealing an exceptionally elegant scrolled neck is a 1699
Stradivarius called Countess Polignac after its first owner. But its rarity does
not demand any extra airs or graces.

What is important to Shaham is the beauty of the instrument and its sound. He
points out the dark colour tucked into its curving creases the original, he
says, before time and use wore it away to a paler patina. Its history means it
might have been playing new music by Vivaldi in Venice it first came to
Australia with a touring musician about 100 years ago.

The sound will be heard when Shaham plays the Brahms Violin Concerto with the
Sydney Symphony Orchestra in a series of concerts starting tonight. If pressed
to pick a favourite concerto, this would be it: "It is just huge. It does what
great music should. It tells you a great story from the first note to the last."

In a performing schedule that has included the Berlin Philharmonic, New York
Philharmonic, Chicago Symphony, Cleveland Orchestra, Munich's Bavarian State
Orchestra and the Israel Philharmonic over the past few years, the 30-year-old
mostly plays the concert classics. "I love playing the standard repertoire if
you can call a work of art `standard'."

But occasionally he also gives a world premiere from time to time, "a special
buzz". In 1996 it was a violin sonata by Andre Previn, who also played the piano
for what he named The Vineyard Sonata on the grounds that it was more likely to
get played than if it just had a number. "It's so great to work with a living
composer," he says. "You can ask all those questions you can't ask Brahms."

More recently it was a piece by John Williams, best known for composing scores
for films such as Star Wars, Indiana Jones and ET. Williams also writes and
conducts concert music and Shaham says the composer is so self-deprecating about
his abilities as a conductor that "you'd like to shake him". It's ironic, since
an unassuming attitude seems to be something they share along with a yen for
storytelling.

A record has just been released of the Boston Symphony and Shaham playing a
violin concerto by Williams along with a suite of his music from Schindler's
List and the new work that has given the CD its title, The Tree Song. Shaham
explains Williams's inspiration for it: "There is a particular tree in Boston
Common and John is a big tree-lover. He said to me, `Gil, for years I was
obsessed by this tree. It really does stick out. It is like no other tree."'

Then Williams discovered a Dr Hu who knew all about it. She was Chinese and had
learnt that a stand of Chinese redwood, thought to be extinct, had been
discovered in Asia. She brought seeds back to North America and planted them
including this one. Williams likes to think it's Jurassic, and though he didn't
write The Tree Song as a programmatic piece, "it is sort of evocative", Shaham
says.

Born in the United States and taken to Israel as a child, Shaham began his
studies there. But after making his debuts in 1981 with the Jerusalem Symphony
and Israeli Philharmonic, he crossed back over the Atlantic to become a
scholarship student at Juilliard in New York. There he met the violinist Adele
Anthony, from Adelaide. He doesn't remember precisely how or when: "Somehow we
always knew each other." They were married 21/2 years ago, and he says
seriously: "It is very lucky that we get on musically. We have similar musical
tastes."

They even share a concert platform when they can, five or six times a year. The
next occasion will be with the Adelaide Symphony Orchestra playing the Bach
double concerto and Arvo Part's Tabula Rasa on July 26, 27 and 28.

At home in New York, they enjoy "quiet times": going to movies and trying new
restaurants. Like any other couple, really. Which is where this story began.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Gil Shaham ... ``I love playing the standard repertoire if you
can call a work of art `standard'.'' Photo: Ben Rushton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2001 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                   February 19, 2004 Thursday, Final Edition

NOT JUST FIDDLING AROUND;
By playing, teaching and making violins, Don Roy hopes to keep the Franco fiddle
tradition alive.

BYLINE: GRACE MURPHY Staff Writer

SECTION: YOUR NEIGHBORS-LAKES; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 621 words

DATELINE: GORHAM


Don Roy has played fiddle on some of the nation's most famous stages, including
Carnegie Hall and Lincoln Center in New York. He's scheduled to play this spring
at the Kennedy Center and Library of Congress in Washington, D.C. But his
favorite place to play is in a rocking chair in his Plummer Road home, in front
of the picture window.

Each tap of the foot and saw of the strings recalls the lessons taught by his
uncle Lucien Mathieu, and brings back memories of family parties full of Franco
music and food.

"I was brought up with it. I never realized until I started touring that it
wasn't just a normal part of everyone's tradition and heritage," Roy said.

Roy, 43, teaches at the Maine Fiddle Camp in the summer, volunteers his time
each month at Portland's Center for Cultural Exchange's monthly Fiddle Tune
Workshop and performs in Maine schools.

He feels a responsibility to teach others to play so that an important cultural
tradition carries on.

Roy's first teacher was his Uncle Lou, who gave him a fiddle when he was 15 and
growing up in Rockland.

"My uncle was my idol. His brother taught me to play guitar when I was 6, but my
uncle (Lou) played the fiddle and whatever he did, I wanted to do, too," Roy
said.

Recordings of Canadian fiddler Paul Cormier and Irish fiddler Sean Maguire
influenced Roy, who learned to play by ear. His uncle's friends taught him
skills they'd picked up over the years of playing at house parties and with
relatives.

He traveled to contests and festivals, learning to distinguish the separate
styles of playing from Quebec, Ireland, Ontario and the Maritime Provinces.

Roy credits music for everything positive in his life: his relationships with
his family and friends, his opportunities for travel, and even the bond with his
wife, Cindy.

"My whole life revolves around it. I didn't plan it that way. It's a gift," he
said.

Cindy Roy's grandfather played piano and fiddle, and was a friend of Roy's
uncle. She grew up in Windham dancing to their music and took up the piano
herself.

She accompanies her husband on the piano, with vocals, and on a foot stomping
board.

The couple performed and toured with the Maine French Fiddlers during its 11
years together. Concert venues included Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center and the
National Folk Festival in Lowell, Mass., in 1988.

After the group broke up, Don and Cindy Roy played a blend of Irish and Canadian
music in the House Island Band, performed with an accordion player in Fiddle
Box, and now make up two members of the Don Roy Trio.

The third member, bassist Jay Young, has played with the couple for 20 years.
The trio performed at the National Folk Festival in Bangor last year, and appear
at private functions and carefully selected public concerts. Some of the group's
biggest fans are Franco-Americans in their 80s, Roy said.

"They come up to me and say, 'You remind me of my uncle, my father, my home back
in Cape Breton.' That's a real compliment," he said.

Roy's full-time job is maintaining the electrical, heating and cooling systems
for the Maine Turnpike Authority and its buildings. He teaches a handful of
students at his home twice a week, and took up the art of violin-making in
recent years.

Each violin, with its 54 parts, takes at least 200 hours to cut, plane, sand and
varnish.

Still, Roy said it's important for him to reserve time to teach workshops and a
handful of students.

"I'd like to encourage other fiddle players to teach other players. With the
schools cutting music programs and sports, it's important to teach what we know.
It's a lifetime of positive experiences," he said.

Staff Writer Grace Murphy can be contacted at 791-6383 or at:

gmurphy@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff photos by John Ewing
Lifelong musician Don Roy now heads his own Don Roy Trio.
ABOVE: Don Roy has a full-time job with the Maine Turnpike Authority, but he
finds time to perform, teach, and in recent years make his own violins.
LEFT: Some of Don Roy's handmade violins. Each one takes at least 200 hours to
make.

                 Copyright 2004 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.

                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 26, 2011 Saturday

Woodworker fiddles with creations

BYLINE: Matt Peterson, Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 470 words


Nov. 26--Ever since he was a boy and used to watch his neighbor shop and watch
him work, Mark Hollerud of Austin has been intrigued with the art of
woodworking.

"I was too young to use the equipment," Hollerud said.

His interest, however, started a life of woodworking.

Now, at 32, Hollerud's artistic ability with wood fuels another art, music.
Though he's employed as a cabinet worker in Austin, his current pastime is
fixing violins violas, cellos, basses and other variations of fiddles. That's
something he took an interest in during his sophomore year at Austin High
School. After learning how to play the fiddle when he was younger, Hollerud
decided to build his own fiddle in shop class. From there, he followed his
interest to Red Wing Technical College for stringed instrument repair --
specifically violins.

Now, he hopes to make a career out of making different fiddles and repairing
them. After spending two years in Utah and some time working in the Twin Cities
doing instrument repair, Hollerud has come to the point where he's ready to
launch his own business: Fiddlecat's Violin Repair.

He doesn't plan to completely leave the industry of cabinet making, however. In
fact, he loves that, too. Every time he gets too far removed from cabinet
making, he misses it. However, there's just something about the stringed
instruments; the curvatures, angles and artforms from wood that pique Hollerud's
interest more.

"I don't think I would miss the cabinets as much as I would miss the string
work," he said if he was forced to choose one.

Inside his home, Hollerud has set up his own shop, complete with cabinets that
he handcrafted himself and a menagerie of tools. There, Hollerud has several
repair projects underway, along with several fiddles that are nearly built.
Years of tweaking tiny pieces of wood, carving and shaving have taught Hollerud
how to make fiddles quite a bit better than the first one he produced in high
school.

"It's definitely a long way from here," he said, as he held the modest pieces of
wood that composes his first fiddle.

Cello, bass, viola and even mandolin repair and handcrafting aren't out of the
question, either.

"I'm definitely not afraid of cellos and basses," Hollerud said, and added he
likes the challenge of working with all sizes of instruments.

Even Hollerud's cabinets have been gaining praise and may be featured in an
upcoming edition of American Woodworking magazine. Among his collection of
tools, cabinets and templates, Hollerud hopes to start a website, as well.

Anyone interested in getting a fiddle repaired or built by Hollerud may contact
him at 438-9838 or thefiddlecat@yahoo.com

No related posts.

___ (c)2011 the Austin Daily Herald (Austin, Minn.) Visit the Austin Daily
Herald (Austin, Minn.) at www.austindailyherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111126-1AU-Woodworker-fiddles-with-creations-1126-20111126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AU


                       Copyright 2011 Austin Daily Herald

                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 22, 2010 Sunday

Eau Claire girl is quick on the fiddle at bluegrass fest: 10-year-old again
shows she's the real deal

BYLINE: Rob Hanson, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 458 words


Aug. 22--ALTOONA -- At just 10-years-old, soft-spoken Katherine Seeger doesn't
let on what she's capable of.

But anybody who's seen the Eau Claire girl with a fiddle in her hands knows
better.

For the second year in a row, Katherine won the fiddle contest at the WHYS
Bluegrass Festival at Lake Altoona County Park.

The festival, which ran from noon to 7 p.m. Saturday, was the third annual
bluegrass fundraiser for the volunteer-run community radio station.

Area bluegrass bands played throughout the day while fans hula-hooped, relaxed,
ate and drank in the shade. The fiddle contest drew youngsters from around the
area.

Katherine, who's performed five years with her family band, Seeger Boys, has
been playing the fiddle since she was 4.

She said the style of violin playing unique to bluegrass and similar genres was
tough to learn at first, but it got easier as her father, Nick Seeger,
encouraged her to learn tough material.

"People are surprised," she said. "People always say, 'You did a wonderful job!'
"

The prize for the two-time champion was $25 and a T-shirt.

Other contestants -- not much older than Katherine -- were impressed by her
playing ability.

"Oh, can that Seeger girl play," said Hannah Gustum of Sand Creek.

Hannah, 18, and her two sisters, Tessa, 16, and Abigail, 12, also gave the
fiddle contest a try.

Like the Seegers, bluegrass music is a tradition in the Gustum family.

Hannah said she and her sisters started learning to play four years ago for
church and because her father is a bluegrass fan.

The Gustum girls' little brother, Melvin, 10, also is learning to play the
fiddle.

Hannah said she enjoys bluegrass because it's not the same as mainstream music.

"It's different," she said. "Popular music now days is really lame."

Co-organizer of the festival and WHYS-FM (96.3) disc jockey Todd Adams said
overall attendance was lower than he hoped for but appropriate for the size of
the park.

Much like in the past two years, Adams said, the festival maintained its
family-friendly atmosphere.

"The nice thing about the crowd is that we have everyone from little babies to
people in their 80s and 90s," he said. "And they're all here to enjoy the same
music."

Hanson can be reached at 715-830-5832, 800-236-7077 or rob.hanson@ecpc.com

- Radio station WHYS-FM: www.whysradio.org.

To see more of The Leader-Telegram or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadertelegram.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Leader-Telegram, Eau
Claire, Wis. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100822-EW-Eau-Claire-girl-is-quick-on-the-fiddle
-at-bluegrass-fest-20100822

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2010 The Leader-Telegram

                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Greenville Herald-Banner (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

Making music downtown

BYLINE: Brad Kellar, The Herald Banner, Greenville, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 335 words


Oct. 17--Some of the best fiddle players in the world are expected to be in
competition starting today in downtown Greenville, while a country music legend
is performing tonight as the Bob Wills Fiddle Festival & Contest gets into full
"swing."

L-3 Mission Integration, Innovation First and Fritz industries are sponsoring
the event, presented by Twin Fiddle Productions, celebrating the life and legacy
of the "King of Western Swing."

Activities are planned all day and well into the night across the downtown area.

Today's schedule includes Bob Wills on Fiddle & On Film, a movie screening at
the Texan Theater; the preliminary rounds of the fiddle contest at Central
Christian Church; a classic car show along Lee Street; Mikki Daniel and Paul
Anastasio performing free concerts at the Blue Mesquite Grill; free live western
swing performances at 1 and 4:30 p.m. with the Carolyn Martin Swing Band, Shoot
Low Sheriff, Louise Rowe and the Texan Playboys and Ginny Mac at the Outdoor
Stage; Charley Pride with the Western Flyers featuring Leon Rausch at the GMA at
7 p.m.; and the Carolyn Martin Swing Band with free concerts at 9:30 p.m. and
midnight at the Emerald Ballroom.

-- "Aw...Hawww!" a movie and music exhibit includes artifacts from the Audie
Murphy/American Cotton Museum, the future Oklahoma Museum of Popular Culture in
Tulsa and the personal collections of Bob Wills Heritage Foundation directors
Dwight Adair, Brett Bingham and Carolyn Wills, and will be on display at the
Texan Theater through 11 p.m. tonight. Highlights include movie posters and
lobby cards, a special fiddle that Bob Wills played and much more.

-- Sunday's final day will feature the finals and awards of the fiddle contest,
starting at 11 a.m. at the GMA.

Complete information about the events available online at bobwillsfiddlefest.com
or www.twinfiddleproductions.com.

___ (c)2015 The Herald Banner (Greenville, Texas) Visit The Herald Banner
(Greenville, Texas) at www.heraldbanner.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151017-GC-Making-music-downtown-1017-20151017

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GC


                    Copyright 2015 Greenville Herald-Banner

                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            April 24, 2008 Thursday

Fiddler masters to take a bow tonight at Hooker-Dunham

BYLINE: Entertainment

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 304 words


BRATTLEBORO -- The Acoustic Music Series at Hooker-Dunham Theater & Gallery
continues with a fiddle twin bill featuring legendary Cape Breton fiddler Jerry
Holland and Ed Pearlman, Scottish fiddle, accompanied by Neil Pearlman, piano,
on tonight at 7:30 p.m.

Holland is one of the finest fiddlers and composers from Cape Breton, Nova
Scotia. He has traveled the world performing Cape Breton fiddling at concerts
and festivals, and his tunes have been recorded by many of the top Celtic bands.
An emotional performer, his concerts and recordings are always memorable.

Holland's expressive fiddling is so captivating that among the many CDs he has
recorded over the past 30 years, one of them actually presents only solo fiddle
-- very few players could keep listeners engaged with the fiddle alone as
Holland can.

Ed Pearlman has just released a fiddle CD with his son, Neil, on piano,
featuring their unique, tightly interwoven interpretation of Scottish and Cape
Breton fiddle music blended with jazz piano influences. Ed Pearlman's deep
knowledge of the music comes from more than 25 years working with top Celtic
artists as performer and director of the Scottish Fiddle Rally concert series,
the Celtic Festival at Boston's Hatch Shell, and at concerts, camps and
festivals throughout the US and in Canada and Scotland.

Neil Pearlman has played Scottish and Cape Breton music all his life but is now
also an award-winning jazz pianist in Maine and New York. As a Cape Breton-style
stepdancer, he toured the East Coast with the Natalie MacMaster band.

Hooker-Dunham Theater & Gallery is at 139 Main St. Tickets for this show are $16
general, $14 for students and seniors. For ticket reservations and information,
call 802-254-9276.

For more information, visit www.jerryholland.com , www.edpearlman.net and
www.hookerdunham.org .

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times-Standard (California)

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

Fiddle music as muse;
Exhibit viewers are 'Bound to Have a Little Fun'

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 783 words

ABSTRACT

PAULA MCHUGH AT MGMA

FULL TEXT

EUREKA >> The idea that music can somehow reverberate from the flat, silent
surface of a canvas is a recurring theme of art history, whether in the
violin-playing angels of the Renaissance, James McNeill Whistler's many musical
"periods" or Marc Chagall's musings of his love for the ballet. Likewise, music
lovers have often perceived images in the invisible fabric of sound.

The artist's urge to draw upon another sense is especially strong when an artist
takes a turn into new terrain; Paula McHugh has done just this, in translating
the musical rhythms and history of American traditional music with her exhibit
"Bound to Have a Little Fun," opening next week in the Anderson Gallery at the
Morris Graves Museum of Art, 636 F St. The show runs through Nov. 29.

"One summer evening my husband and I were sitting with friends, fiddles, banjos
and guitars in hand in the warm night air. We played old-time tunes together
called 'Arkansas Traveler,' 'Valley Forge' and 'Lost Boy,' - wonderful music
that seemed to possess a special kind of magic capable of transporting one back
to an earlier time in our nation's history," said McHugh, who lives in Olympia,
Washington. "I felt an enormous debt of gratitude to the countless unknown
musicians who had faithfully kept the tradition alive from one generation to the
next so that I too could enjoy and be enriched by it. So I decided to create a
series of paintings inspired by the titles, stories and history behind these
fiddle tunes."

The great idea of America, McHugh said, is that it is a melding of many
cultures, and American fiddle music reflects that diversity. Immigrants from
England, Scotland, Ireland, France, Germany and other European countries crossed
a vast ocean in hopes of finding a better life, bringing with them their musical
traditions.

The weaving together of these traditions with the music of Native Americans and
enslaved African men and women created a unique style of folk music in which the
fiddle tune played an important role, both in providing moments of artistic
release for people struggling just to survive, as well as facilitating social
interaction at dances, weddings, fiddle contests and other community rituals.
There are literally thousands of fiddle tunes. Some fiddle tune titles conjure
up images from the natural world like "Snowbird on the Ashbank" and "Spring the
Valley," while others pertain to rural folkways: "Dusty Miller," "Bull at the
Wagon" and "Soapsuds Over the Fence." Still others commemorate significant
events in American history: "Off to California" and "Booth Shot Lincoln" are
prime examples.

Through her choice of subjects and compositions, McHugh strives to tap into the
wellspring of the collective memory. The Underground Railroad, the medicine
shows of the 1800s, and the Westward Movement are but a sampling of the places
and history viewers will experience in McHugh's artworks showing at the Morris
Graves Museum of Art this fall.

"I began this series of paintings working in watercolor and egg tempera but then
turned to oils for the richness and depth this medium offers," McHugh said. "My
horizon lines and landscapes are mostly rounded and undulating to echo the
melodic nature of the music I portray. I often study historic photographs taken
during the early part of the 20th century looking for some telling element to
kindle my creative imagination: a certain expression on a coal miner's face, for
instance, or perhaps a child swinging on a gate, or a medicine show pitchman
wearing an Indian war bonnet. These images work a kind of enchantment on me, and
as I paint I feel connected to the slow and steady turning of the wheel of time,
so different from the urgent, fractured pace of our modern lives. My great hope
is that I can share this experience with others through my paintings."

McHugh is a musician herself and plays a style of banjo called clawhammer or
drop thumb. She performs regularly with her husband, Joe McHugh, as The Time
Travelers, where they combine his mastery of the fiddle and traditional
storytelling with their music and her art.

"We have found in this age-old traditional pasttime a means of renewing the
powers of our imagination, fostering a sense of community, appreciating our
history, and preserving and passing on to future generations a valuable cultural
legacy," said McHugh.

A reception for the exhibit will be held during Arts Alive! on Oct. 3 from 6 to
9 p.m. at the Morris Graves Museum in Eureka. Admission is free all day on the
first Saturday of the month. More information about the artists can be found
online at www.paulamchughart.com, www.timetravelersmusic.com and
www.joeandpaulamchugh.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved

                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily Observer (Pembroke)

                            September 2, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

They are ready to judge the best

BYLINE: Tina Peplinskie, Daily Observer (Pembroke)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 1001  words


The judges lineup for this year's Pembroke Old Time Fiddling and Step Dancing
Championships has just one change to the roster.

Securing the individuals who will scrutinize the competitors is one thing
chairwoman Dianna Hickey likes to check off her to-do list early so she can
focus on other things as the annual event nears. Taking their place in front of
the stage during the fiddling competition will be newcomer Mark Sullivan of
Vancouver, who joins mainstays Brian Hebert of Pembroke and Louis Schryer of
Chapeau, Que.

On the step dancing side of things, it will be returning judges Chad Wolfe of
Ottawa, Tiffany Fewster of Woodstock, Ont. and Pembroke's own Rhodina Turner.

"We always make sure we have people who have played at and won many contests ,"
said Hickey. "It is important that they are accomplished at their trades so they
know what to look for in the competitors."

Sullivan, the newcomer, is a three-time Canadian Grand Masters Fiddle Champion
and three-time Canadian Open Fiddle Champion. He is a spirited performer,
instructor, and recording artist who plays the fiddle, guitar and mandolin.
Originally from Bowmanville, Ont. Sullivan now calls Vancouver, B. C. home.

Sullivan is viewed by many as one of the finest fiddlers in North America and he
maintains a steady performance and teaching schedule Brian Hebert has been a
household name around the Upper Ottawa Valley for decades, having taught
generations of up-andcoming fiddlers and lending his adjudication talents to the
competition for many years now. In 2009 he had the distinction of being inducted
into the Ottawa Valley Country Music Hall of Fame and he also filled the role of
artistic director at the 1999 Fiddles of the World convention in Halifax, N. S.

Hebert's career has been built on not only his fiddle-playing skills, but also
his ability to mentor other players. He got hooked on the fiddle at the age of
eight and he's never looked back. As a teacher, he brought his love of music
into the classroom, establishing a credit course in Canadian fiddle. Over the
years, he has mentored and coached many young fiddlers and is a tireless
ambassador for the fiddle.

Among his many achievements is being instrumental in the creation of the
Pembroke Old Time Fiddling and Step Dancing Championships and being honoured by
the Canadian Grand Masters Fiddling Championships organization for his
contributions towards the growth and development of Canadian fiddling.

Rounding out the fiddle judging trio is Louis Schryer, who is a record-breaking,
eight-time Canadian Champion and fourtime Canadian Grand Masters Champion.

He has been called a fiddler extraordinaire whose passion flows through his
instrument with a soulful magical touch and an exhilarating spontaneity. He is
one of Canada's most respected and sought-out fiddle players. His influences
have shaped his musical ability into a unique style that is displayed through
various features. Whether he performs as a solo artist with a solo accompanist,
in a small group, part of an orchestra or as a backup fiddler for country bands,
his talent is virtuosic. He connects musically with any artist in a way that
compliments the performance, captivating the audience into the world of the
musician's musical experience, leaving them feeling exhilarated.

Schryer is also a performer and recording artist, composer and teacher.

For the step dancers, the judging level is no less impressive.

For Rhodina Turner, the Pembroke contest is the highlight of her summer and she
is no stranger to the event. She has been volunteering at the registration
trailer for 27 years and she wouldn't miss it for the world.

"I can't wait for the contest to get here because I love it but it also means
the end of summer ," she said during a recent interview. "You get to see the
friends you haven't seen for a whole year and it is like a family reunion. The
whole week goes by so quickly because of visiting from trailer to trailer."

She is also no stranger to the stage itself as she took part in the step dancing
competition for many years, taking to the stage for the final time in 2002
before moving to the judges table for the past 14 years.

"Fiddling and step dancing has been a part of my life forever ," Turner added.

Turning her attention to judging was a natural progression for Turner, who still
dons her dancing shoes providing lessons for some competitive and beginner
students. She has also incorporated step dancing into the programming at the
Pembroke Boys and Girls Club, where she serves as the executive director.

"I've been fortunate and now in my 30th year of teaching, with students in
Timmins, Chelmsford, Ottawa and this area, this is my way of giving back ," she
said.

She added she always looks forward to the Pembroke competition because it
attracts the cream of the crop.

"It brings so many people to compete and it is great to see the new faces,
styles and steps ," Turner said. "It is an opportunity to see how step dancing
is changing and evolving so it is great to see what dancers are doing with it."

Chad Wolfe is no stranger to the stage and competition at the Pembroke contest,
having earned a championship standing himself, so he knows what it takes to win,
from both sides of the panel. Wolfe's professional resume includes performances
with Mirvish Productions and Natalie MacMaster, and he currently teaches dance
at his own Ottawa-based Chad Wolfe Studio of Dance and Music.

Tiffany Fewster, a former Canadian Open Step Dance champion who joined fiddler
Natalie McMaster on the road in 2002, will be returning to Pembroke once again
to lend her considerable talents and experience to the adjudication panel this
year.

Her professional dance debut was at the age of 15, performing as the Royal
Alexandra Theatre's principal dancer, two short years after winning the Ontario
Youth Talent Search contest with a dance routine she choreographed herself.
TPeplinskie @postmedia. com Twitter. com /TPeplinskie !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tina Peplinskie, Daily Observer; Rhodina Turner will once again lend
her talents to the fiddling judge panel at the 41st annual Pembroke Old Time
Fiddling and Step Dancing Championships.; Ryan Paulsen, Daily Observer;  Fiddle
judge Louis Schryer, centre, jots down a note during last year ' s preliminary
competition at the Pembroke Memorial Centre while he and fellow judge Brian
Hebert listen attentively. Both return to the judges table this year along with
Mark Sullivan.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Daily Observer (Pembroke)
                              All Rights Reserved

                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                            February 25, 2007 Sunday

Milestones

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 337 words


Novato's Paul Shelasky took first place in the Old Time Division (tunes
pre-dating 1910) at the 32nd annual Cloverdale Old Time Fiddle Contest, hosted
by the Cloverdale Historical Society in January.

Ethnic studies professor Walter Turner at the College of Marin was invited to
present workshops at the seventh World Social Forum in Nairobi, Kenya, in
January. He led a delegation sponsored by the San Francisco-based human rights
organization Global Exchange. Turner offered on workshop on Cuba and Venezuela
and another on human rights in the United States.

Griffin Stoller, 12, of Belvedere defended his championship title for the third
year in a row to win first place in the 9- to 12-year-old category in January's
Rocky Mountain Fiddle Championships at the National Western Stock Show and Rodeo
in Denver. He also won first place at the Western Open Fiddle Championships in
the same age category in Red Bluff in October, first place in the Santa Clara
Valley Youth Fiddle Contest in the 16 and under age group in November and first
place in the Cloverdale Fiddle Contest in the 9- to 12-year-old category in late
January.

For the third consecutive year Griffin will be inducted into the National
Fiddlers Hall of Fame for his achievements. He will be a featured solo rock
violinist at the Mountain Play production of "Hair" this year.

Pia Oestlien, College of Marin student senator and the California Community
Colleges' Region III representative, is one of two students in the state who has
been appointed to the California Board of Governors Consultation Council.

The council assists in developing and recommending policy to the chancellor and
Board of Governors.

Novato's Love2Dance All-Stars received high honors at the Rainbow Dance
Competition in Hayward in February, taking home two high firsts, three firsts
and one first overall high points.

Milestones is good news about Marin people. Send items to Milestones/Lifestyles
at the Marin IJ, P.O. Box 6150, Novato 94948-6150; fax 884-1478; e-mail
calendar@marinij.com .

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2007 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved

                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 11, 1991, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Dance in Review

BYLINE: By ANNA KISSELGOFF

SECTION: Section C; Page 14; Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 390 words



Foot and Fiddle
Dance Company
McGinn/Cazale Theater

The word has deservedly gone around about the Pat Cannon Foot and Fiddle Dance
Company. Miss Cannon's fun-filled but serious amalgam of Appalachian
clog-dancing, tap, country music and square dances tends to pop up in unexpected
venues in New York City.

On Friday night, her company of four dancers and four musicians appeared onstage
at the small McGinn/ Cazale Theater, three flights above the Promenade Theater
at Broadway and 76th Street.

But anyone who saw Miss Cannon direct a huge square dance at the 1990 Lyons
International Dance Biennial in France would not be surprised at her company's
international appeal. The Foot and Fiddle troupe has just returned from
performing for an unlikely audience, the Swiss Army.

For all her skill as a square-dance caller when needed, Miss Cannon should be
regarded as a creative artist. She has taken elements of American show dance and
folk dance and distilled them into something fresh and compact.

On this occasion, she and Deborah Thomas, in colored ruffled dresses, burst out
with two highly energetic partners, Jeff Casper and Dexter Jones, starting out
with typically emphatic clogging in "Hoedown."

Miss Cannon exchanged her tap shoes for red boots to show off a Texas two-step.
The choreography characteristically embroiders a basic step with a creative
flourish. The new "Take Me Back to Tulsa" section here is a sure winner, a crash
course in how to get your arms constantly entangled and disentangled with your
partner (Mr. Casper in this case). Houdini would have loved it.

Mr. Jones is a loose-hipped tap virtuoso who provided the dazzle to Miss
Thomas's fetching reserve in a 1940's boogie. The program is nothing if not
eclectic and its virtue is its gift for blending tongue-in-cheek with respect
for its material. The patterns were always retained in their essence in the
various country dances, of which the new "Ireland's Gift" is a luminous example.

Mr. Casper's brilliant tap solo, "Promenade," was a bit out of style in this
context but a real crowd-pleaser. The improvisation-within-structure of Mr.
Jones and the fiddler, Fats Kaplin, was perfect. Like the other musicians --
Dave Keyes, Hank Bones and Larry Eagle -- he was more than fine in an
entertaining and highly enjoyable program.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company

                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                              May 30, 2014 Friday

Fiddling love born in utero

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 520 words



HIGHLIGHT: Aarun Carter


Aarun Carter fell in love with the fiddle in utero.
Her mother, Denice Carter, was a Colorado fiddle champion who couldn't help
exposing her unborn child to the sweet sound of singing strings; by the time
she was a toddler, Aarun said, "I was trying to grab her fiddle all the time,
and it was old and expensive. So she gave me my own little plastic violin and
taught me."Aarun learned faster than a violin bow flashing through "Turkey in
the Straw"; she won the "small fry" category in a Colorado state fiddle
championship at all of 4 years old."I guess I was just drawn to competing and
performing. I love to be in the spotlight.


I love to show off," she said with a laugh.Aarun played in the orchestra at an
arts magnet high school in Denver and then went to South Plains College in
Levelland, Texas, to study commercial music. That's a course of study in
everything you need to succeed, from musical chops and people skills to
business and marketing, Aarun said.Meanwhile, mother Denice moved the family
back to near her own roots in the Oregon towns of The Dalles and Pendleton.
They settled in Vancouver and Aarun followed."I just love the area. It's so
beautiful," she said.Now 25, Aarun is getting serious mileage from her
commercial-music schooling in Texas. She's got numerous projects underway
simultaneously: performing with numerous bands and regularly at 9 p.m. on the
second Monday of each month with her Western swing band, Well Swung, at
Portland's Landmark Saloon, 4847 S.E. Division St.; teaching fiddle students of
all ages, both in person and over the Internet; driving "Fiddle TV," an
Internet show that highlights young musicians dedicated to the revival of
old-fashioned Americana genres like bluegrass and Western swing; recording
examples of fiddle songs for an instructional Mel Bay book; and working with My
Talent Forge, an online musical school.A bit of news she needs to break to
aspiring fiddle players: It's a beautiful instrument - and you've got to earn
that beauty. "It takes a lot of hard work. Some people think it's going to be
easy. It takes a long time and a lot of practice."So says the child fiddle
prodigy. When The Columbian caught up with her earlier this week, Aarun was
teaching and performing with her boyfriend, guitarist Jonathan Trawick, at Deep
End Ranch in Santa Paula, Calif., where there will be a CD release party
Saturday. If you can't make it down there, check Aarun's website,
www.aaruncarter.com
, for information about purchasing "The Deep End Sessions, Vol. 1." That
website is also where you can watch videos of Aarun or listen to her playing.
Plus, check out "Fiddle TV" at
www.fiddle-tv.com.Aarun
 said she'll be back in Vancouver for a fiddle camp set for Aug. 4-7 at Red
Barn Studios in Fisher's Landing. Luke Price, another national fiddle champion,
will be teaching there, too. And so will Denice Carter, the fiddling mom who
started it all. Email
Redbarnfiddlecamp@gmail.com
 or visit
www.denicecarter.com
 for more information.- Scott Hewitt
Bits 'n' Pieces appears Fridays and Saturdays. If you have a story you'd like
to share, email
bits@columbian.com

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 2, 2014 Monday

Scott Law at Applegate Lodge

BYLINE: Ian Hand, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 538 words


June 02--"Words come first," says singer and guitarist Scott Law about his
newest CD, "Black Mountain." "But sometimes the melodies come first, and
sometimes the chords come first."

The Portland-based musician's newest album -- which he self-produced -- features
acoustic Americana music heavily influenced by Appalachian string bands and
fiddle music.

Law, along with fiddler Luke Price and mandolin player Jack Dwyer, will perform
songs from "Black Mountain" at 9 p.m. Wednesday, June 4, at The Applegate Lodge,
15100 Highway 238, Applegate.

While previous albums from Law had more of a blues sound, the string band
influence came from his work with fiddle player Darol Anger, a member of the
David Grisman Quintet who performed fiddle on "Black Mountain."

"I worked with Darol for five or six years and became absorbed in this fiddle
-driven music," Law says. "I was in that old-time Appalachian fiddle tune kind
of world and being in that mode was sort of what generated the sound and content
of the tunes. I also was going back to my personal musical roots, to the music I
was exposed to in my early childhood."

Law also used the songs on "Black Mountain" as a way for him to improve his
flatpicking, a style of guitar playing popularized by guitarists Doc Watson,
Clarence White and Tony Rice.

Melody was a key component of the songs for "Black Mountain." Songs, both
instrumental -- such as the Celtic "Bells of Unity" -- and lyrical, range from
alt-country and bluegrass to improvisational jam tunes in the spirit of bands
such as The Grateful Dead.

"I named 'Bells' after a town in Maine where I heard these clock tower bells
ringing so sublimely one late afternoon," Law says. "The melody evolved from
both that feeling I had, as well as the sound of the bells."

Law says the song is a connection to something much older than what we normally
experience in this country.

"I had that melody going, and I had that experience of New England," Law says.
"My family is Scottish on my dad's side, so I kind of ran with the Celticness. I
had all these parts lying on the garage floor, and I just had to figure out how
to put them together."

Songs were, for the most part, recorded live in the studio to 2-inch tape.

"There were some overdubs here and there," Law says. "I'd usually do my vocals
separate. Basically, we wanted the best sound out of everything."

Law prefers to record on tape because the workflow is different than with
digital recording. Songs are generally complete before he heads into the studio
with occasional on-the-fly arrangement changes in the studio.

"We're not relying on an editing process," Law says. "We're relying on 'Hey,
let's play it good and record it.' It's not a value judgement. It's a different
way of doing things. Rehearse more, edit less."

Law says that he loves to play with Price and Dwyer, both of whom teach music at
Lewis & Clark College in Portland and perform with various groups around the
city.

"It's going to be some hot pickin' and sweet harmony singin'." Law says.

"Black Mountain" is available to stream in its entirety at
www.scottlawmusic.com.

___ (c)2014 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140602-ME-Scott-Law-at-Applegate-Lodge-0602-20140602

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2014 Mail Tribune

                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             March 6, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Celtic Fiddle Festival for St. Pat's Night Out; London-born Irish fiddle-master
Kevin Burke has seen music go mainstream

BYLINE: David Gordon Duke, Special to the Sun

SECTION: WESTCOAST LIFE; Pg. D20

LENGTH: 583  words


A Vancouver Saint Patrick's Day can be pretty tame stuff compared with the grand
celebrations elsewhere.

The CelticFest Vancouver Society hopes to ratchet things up a notch or two with
its Big St. Pat's Night Out! featuring Celtic Fiddle Festival and Wendy MacIsaac
and Patrick Gillis on stage at Richard's on Richards, March 15.

Celtic Fiddle Festival unites Quebec's André Brunet, Britanny's Christian
Lemaître, and Irish fiddle-master Kevin Burke. For the festival they are joined
by acclaimed English musician Ged Foley on guitar.

Burke has played with groups like The Bothy Band and Patrick Street, has toured
and recorded with Arlo Guthrie and Kate Bush, and received the U.S. National
Heritage Award.

Wanting to know more about the Celtic music phenomenon, Westcoast Life caught up
with Burke this week after his recent gig in the New York 'burbs.

Though born in London, Burke has strong family roots in County Sligo and visited
often. "I viewed Ireland as home, and just hung around in London to go to
school."

Traditional music was "both a family thing and a neighbourhood thing." Fans are
often surprised to learn that his parents sent him at age seven for classical
violin lessons.

"Basically, I learned the technique at lessons and the music at home, by osmosis
and from recordings."

There are those who consider classical technique unnecessary baggage; for Burke
it proved "a great help, though the focus is slightly different."

Burke is an unpremeditated transplant to the West Coast; he arrived in Portland
for a concert in the late 1970s during the days of fuel shortages. "The band got
stuck, because we couldn't get to our other gigs on the single tank of gas you
were allowed. So we came back for a second and a third tour, using Portland as
the base, making many friends along the way, and I'm still here."

In those days U.S. audiences didn't really get it. "When I first arrived, very
few knew what Irish music was -- or even that it existed at all. Even folk
musicians. People didn't have a clue, they thought it was four guys with red
beards in sweaters singing boozy songs about loving their mothers. It puzzled me
that even bluegrass musicians, with whom there is such an obvious connection,
didn't know Irish music at all. Now, 30 years on, you'll find a Celtic section
in almost every music store."

Any living music morphs over time, and Irish music is no exception. "Many
avenues have been explored, some of them dead ends, but on the whole the
development has been very positive. My fears that the core of the music might
get lost have been groundless.

Has Ireland's Celtic Tiger prosperity changed anything? "The Irish currency has
become so strong that it's almost not economically viable to play abroad -- your
earnings get essentially cut in half -- so it's definitely changed the music as
an export. On the other hand, there's a lot of resilience, and we're much more
comfortable with the idea of folk music becoming mainstream. Certainly the music
is no longer disdained as a holdover from peasant culture. There's no stigma of
poverty or inferiority any more."

Asked to come up with a single reason for the trans-cultural popularity of
Celtic styles, Burke is politely non-committal, pointing out that this
attractive, danceable music was originally designed for intimate in-house
performances. "It is basically the music of rustic, rural people, played for
their own enjoyment and that of their neighbours."

It's just that the neighbourhood these days includes most of the globe.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Celtic Fiddle Festival (Kevin Burke, left, André Brunet, Ged Foley
and Christian Lemaître) will perform at Richard's on Richards on March 15. ;
Colour Photo: Wendy MacIssac and Patrick Gillis will join up for Big St. Pat's
Night Out! ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Interview

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 25, 2009 Sunday

A bit of mountain music for a good cause

BYLINE: Tess Hill, Cumberland Times News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 550 words


Oct. 25--CUMBERLAND -- No souls were bet, or fiddles of gold won, but people of
all ages came out for the 16th Annual Fiddle Championship to compete in fiddle,
banjo and mandolin.

The competition was founded by Wayne White in 1992 and, when he passed away in
1998, his wife Jean took over.

"Wayne had been to different areas and seen these contests here and he thought
it'd be nice for Cumberland to have one," White said. "So he started it and I
kept it going because one, it's a good fundraiser for the Lions Club and I also
keep it going in his memory."

Jean, coordinator of the competition and Cumberland Lions Club member, said
there are multiple categories for each instrument; senior, adult and youth
fiddle, adult and youth banjo and mandolin, which is open to all ages.

Ken White of Harmon, W. Va., was one of the 18 competitors at this year's
championship. He competed in all three categories and knows what it's like to be
crowned the champion in the fiddle and banjo categories, though he has yet to
take the first-place trophy in the mandolin.

"I've been competing for all my life, so about 60 years or so," he said. "I've
competed in contests all around the country and this one here is a lot more laid
back than others. I think me, and some of the other old-timers, come here more
to entertain rather than the for the awards."

White said he would rather jam out with other people, but he likes competitions
because, like any sport, the contestants always come wanting to perform at their
best.

And 11-year-old Hanna Livingston of Frostburg came to the championship ready to
perform her best.

Livingston walked away champion of the youth fiddle category, earning her a
trophy and $50 cash prize. She also competed in the mandolin category.

"I've played the fiddle a little less than two years and the mandolin for about
four months," she said. "I was playing the violin in school, though, so it
wasn't that hard of a change for me."

Livingston also plays trumpet, french horn and piano.

"I like competing, it's a lot of fun. But I also just like playing and jamming
with other people," Livingston said. "Most of the time I don't really get
nervous, I just practice a lot and have to get together with the accompanyist
before the competition."

She said playing music is something she would definitely encourage other young
people to try -- though recommends starting with the violin and using school
instruments before moving on to purchase their own.

"It's just a lot of fun but you have to practice a lot," she said.

This year's winner for the senior fiddle category was Joe Fadley; Livingston for
youth fiddle; Greg Stump in adult banjo and Donald Kessler in the mandolin. No
one entered in the youth banjo or adult fiddle championship.

For more information, contact Jean White at (301) 724-7976 or e-mail her at
lionjeanwhite@yahoo.com

Contact Tess Hill at thill@times-news.com

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Cumberland Times News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091025-UM-A-bit-of-mountain-music-for-a-good-cause-1025

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                                 Copyright 2009

                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Muskogee Phoenix (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 29, 2012 Friday

Jazz it up with MilkDrive

BYLINE: Mike Carrels, Muskogee Phoenix, Okla.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 334 words


June 29--When three fiddle players met at a national fiddle contest in Idaho,
little did they know more than a decade later they'd form a band.

MilkDrive, a contemporary jazz-grass band, hits the Roxy Theater ay 6 p.m.
Sunday and The Branch 7 p.m. Monday.

"We all grew up fiddle players," said Brian Beken, who retained fiddle duties
for the band along with being the lead vocalist. "Over the years we'd go
camping, and then we started jamming music."

Three of the four band members even lived together for awhile in Austin, Texas,
while each was attempting to branch out in different bands. The group officially
formed in March 2011.

"It's been a side project for about four years," Beken said. "I think we've all
always known we'd end up playing together. Whenever the opportunity came we all
just dove in."

The band has received many accolades and is in the midst of a "barnstorming"
type tour, playing seven venues in eight days in Texas, Oklahoma and Colorado.
That will help the band, Beken said.

"It's just really getting out and playing," Beken said. "It really helps to get
on at festivals, that's where people will hear about you."

The band also consists of Noah Jeffries on guitar and harmony vocals, Dennis
Ludiker on mandolin and harmony vocals, and Matt Mefford on double bass.
MilkDrive aims to deliver a "distinctive acoustic experience marked by
sophisticated arrangements and fierce musicianship." The band's second studio
album, "Waves," was released earlier this month.

The band's distinct sound has drawn some comparisons to the Punch Brothers,
Beken said.

"It's of course a pretty different band," Beken said. "But it's an experimental
thing with acoustical music."

Beken said his favorite songs MilkDrive performs is one Bruce Robinson lent the
band for their new record or "Dear Prudence."

"That's really fun to play, too," Beken said.

___ (c)2012 the Muskogee Phoenix (Muskogee, Okla.) Visit the Muskogee Phoenix
(Muskogee, Okla.) at muskogeephoenix.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120629-XK-Jazz-it-up-with-MilkDrive-0629-20120629

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XK


                        Copyright 2012 Muskogee Phoenix

                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           December 13, 2007 Thursday

A force on the fiddle

BYLINE: By Brett Cromwell, Sun Correspondent

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Stepping Out

LENGTH: 468 words


The opening track of Hanneke Cassel's 2006 album Silver is a Boston song through
and through. Appropriately titled "The Curse Reversed," it's a celebratory feast
of Irish fiddle that would have made perfect sense blasting through the speakers
at Fenway Park during Jonathan Pappelbon's famous goggle dance.

In this and the other songs on Silver, Cassel -- who plays the Parish Center for
the Arts in Westford tomorrow night -- takes a foundation of Scottish and Cape
Breton music and injects a youthful exuberance and passion for more modern
styles. The result is a unique hybrid that showcases a fresh new sound while
still maintaining the grace and beauty of the Celtic tradition.

Despite her obvious passion for the Red Sox, Cassel isn't actually a native New
Englander. Born and raised in the Pacific Northwest, she moved to Boston in 1996
to study at Berklee. She's been here ever since. "One of the reasons I chose
Berklee was because Boston is one of the Celtic hubs in the U.S.," recalls
Cassel. "There are tons of musicians who play Scottish, Irish, Bluegrass, Old
Time ... everything here."

At the time she enrolled at Berklee, Cassel had been playing the fiddle since
she was 10 years old, studied in Scotland with renowned fiddler Alasdair Fraser,
and won the U.S. National Junior Scottish Fiddle Championship in 1992 and 1994.
But in her own words, she needed help with more formal things like music theory.

"I was a bad reader," she says. "While my fellow violinists placed into all the
higher reading levels, I was in 'writing skills' with all the drummers and
electric guitar players. Berklee was great at teaching me why everything works
the way it does, and how to communicate that to others."

The value this education provided is obvious, as Cassel has been busy writing,
recording and touring extensively since graduating in 2000.

In addition to her solo act, Cassel performs with singer Cathie Ryan and is a
member of fiddle bands Childsplay and Halali. She is quick to admit that she
owes many of her fruitful relationships with musicians to her years at Berklee.
"I still play with a guitarist I met my freshman year and a cellist I met my
junior year. I see and play with Berklee friends all over the country. It was a
great place for the sharing of ideas."

When she isn't on the road, Cassel spends much of her day teaching music,
booking gigs and promoting her self-released recordings. Her next release is due
soon and will be an album of instrumental hymns performed with fiddle and
guitar. Obviously not as dance-friendly as "The Curse Reversed" or Silver, it
should nevertheless prove to be an interesting departure for Cassel and her
passionate fiddle playing.

Hanneke Cassel plays the Parish Center for the Arts, 10 Lincoln. St., Westford,
Friday night at 8 p.m., $15. (978) 692-5550.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

World Fiddle Ensemble tours the Tidewater area

BYLINE: Heather Bridges, The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 565 words


Oct. 13--The World Fiddle Ensemble's tour through the Tidewater area represents
a new horizon.

For the five young musicians, based mostly in Nashville, it's a chance to play
more than local shows, to continue expanding their music's reach.

Next week, the string quintet will showcase a signature sound in a series of
free performances throughout Norfolk and Williamsburg.

The group formed in 2012 at Belmont University in Tennessee. All participating
in the commercial music program, violinists Emily Scalici and Lauren Conklin,
cellist Ben Johnson, harpist Liana Alpino and fiddle-player Megan Bilodeau were
grouped as an ensemble in a world music class.

"We've just been making music ever since," Alpino, 23, said.

They embraced the idea from that first class together, molding it into their
style -- which, interestingly, includes a range of styles.

The ensemble plays tunes from different cultures around the world, as well as
different genres of music.

"The best way to bridge cultures, in my opinion, is through music," Alpino said.
"It's something that everyone understands."

Their repertoire includes everything from Scandinavian songs to Arabic tunes to
rock medleys, and even some Beyonce. Rounded out with distinctive arrangements
and a few originals, the ensemble provides a taste of everything, Alpino said.

Their aim, Alpino said, is "bringing something new to stringed instruments."

Though each proficient in classical technique, the members enjoy exploring the
possibilities of their instruments beyond classical music.

With a debut album and some notable performances, including at the Schermerhorn
Symphony Center in Nashville, the ensemble continues exploring what's possible
professionally.

For now, it's a part-time endeavor. But "I think we all really enjoy it," Alpino
said. "And when we make music together, it seems to be really magical."

And Alpino and Scalici, both from Williamsburg, are ecstatic to share the
ensemble's magic with their hometown for the first time.

"Actually, my mom has never seen us perform before," Alpino said.

Alpino first plucked a harp at age seven through the Williamsburg Youth Harp
Society. She also participated in the Williamsburg Youth Orchestra for several
years and graduated from Lafayette High School.

"Me and Emily [Scalici], we've been wanting to come to Williamsburg for so long,
just to be able to share our music with the community," Alpino said.

The tour begins 7:30 p.m., Oct. 21 at Cure Coffeehouse in Norfolk. At 7 p.m. on
Oct. 22, the ensemble will play at Triangle Restaurant in Williamsburg. Finally,
the group will give a community concert, sponsored by Towne Bank, at 8 p.m.,
Oct. 23 in Lane Auditorium.

The ensemble will also perform exclusively for York County School of the Arts on
Oct. 21 and Brookdale Senior Living on Oct. 22.

To learn more, visit worldfiddleensemble.com. The ensemble's eight-track debut
album is available on the website.

For more information on the community concert in Lane Auditorium, call
757-812-9259.

Bridges can be reached at 757-275-4934.

Mark your calendars

-7-10 p.m., Oct. 22. Triangle Restaurant, 601 Prince George St., Williamsburg.
Free.

-8 p.m., Oct. 23. Lane Auditorium, Bruton Heights Education Center, 301 1st St.,
Williamsburg. Free.

___ (c)2015 The Virginia Gazette (Williamsburg, Va.) Visit The Virginia Gazette
(Williamsburg, Va.) at www.vagazette.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151013-1VG-World-Fiddle
-Ensemble-tours-the-Tidewater-area-1013-20151013

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VG


                      Copyright 2015 The Virginia Gazette

                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Fiddle-icious in Concert: Augusta, ME

LENGTH: 221  words

DATELINE: New York



 Augusta: The State of Maine has issued the following news release:



       October 16

     Cony High School Viles Auditorium, Augusta

     October 16, 2016

     Categories: Live Music: Traditional , Kids & Family, Dance and Music



 Event Details



     October 16, 2016

     2:00 pm - 4:00 pm

     Kids 12 and under free, $5 Students/ $10 Adults

     Tickets available at the door, also.



     Get Tickets



 Venue



     Cony High School Viles Auditorium

     60 Pierce Drive

     Augusta, ME 04330



 Event Description



 Join Fiddle-icious, a non-profit, all volunteer community orchestra with
members from Kittery to Augusta, as they take to the stage to share their
uplifting music. Fiddle-icious is a large and vibrant group of Maine musicians
playing fiddle, piano, harp, guitar, banjo, accordion, cello, tin whistle,
concertina and upright bass. Their tunes are passed on from the Irish, Scottish,
Quebecois and Acadian traditions and include reels, jigs, marches, hornpipes,
waltzes, step-dancing and singing.

 Event presented by:



     Fiddle-icious

     (207) 879-2244

     info@fiddleicious.com

     http://fiddleicious.com /



 Artist/Group Info:



     Fiddle-icious

     info@fiddleicious.com

     http://fiddleicious.com /



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 9, 2010 Tuesday

Parade committee to auction Harp and Fiddle goods: Pub's sign, rug up for sale.

BYLINE: Kevin Horan, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Feb. 9--The York St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee plans to sell several pieces
of Harp & Fiddle Irish Pub and Restaurant memorabilia -- including a sign that
once hung outside the popular pub -- at its annual auction fundraiser at 2 p.m.
Feb. 21 at Sam and Tony's Celebrations Banquet Hall, 243 W. Market St., York.

The pub closed its doors for good in July.

Wagman Construction donated the sign, the pub's large entryway rug, pint
glasses, T-shirts and staff uniforms for the auction, said Mary Yeaple, the
parade committee's co-chair.

The Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board lists Wagman Construction's CEO, Joseph
Wagman, as an "officer" on the old restaurant's liquor license.

"Harp & Fiddle was a major sponsor of the York Saint Patrick's Day Parade for
several years, and we were certainly saddened when the restaurant closed,"
Yeaple said in an email. "Since we hold an Irish-themed auction each year to
raise funds for the parade, having a few pieces from the Harp & Fiddle seemed
like a natural choice for us, and we are very pleased that Wagman Construction
was able to help us in this regard."

One of Heritage Hills Golf Resort & Conference Center's owners, Matt DeRose,
plans to open a new pub, Maewyn's, this month at the Harp & Fiddle's old home,
110 N. George St., York.

khoran@ydr.com; 771-2029

To see more of the York Daily Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ydr.com. Copyright (c) 2010, York Daily Record, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100209-YO-Parade-committee-to-auction-Harp-and-Fiddle-goods-0209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2010 York Daily Record

                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             July 15, 2008 Tuesday
                                  ROP Edition

Concert review;
Mellencamp's acoustic set is electrifying at Bank of America Pavillion;
STILL R.O.C.K.ING IN THE U.S.A.

BYLINE:

JAY N. MILLER    For The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: Features; pg. ONE21

LENGTH: 637 words


Advance word on John Mellencamp's new album, "Life, Death, Love and Freedom,"
due to drop today, was that it was low-key and even a bit downcast.

No worries about that, based on last night's 95-minute joyous romp at the Bank
of America Pavilion in Boston, before a near-sold-out crowd of about 4,700 for
the first of two nights there.

More than ever, Mellencamp's recent work has trod that difficult path of
rock-for-grownups, dealing with the hard-earned lessons of maturity while
retaining plenty of youthful insouciance.

Much of the night's music had an acoustic bent, and it may have been the first
concert in recent memory where fiddle and accordion duels took center stage. But
every tune was compelling in it own way, and the last half-hour was as
hard-rocking a celebration as Mellencamp has ever played.

The opening number was "Pink Houses," but played by a septet with standup bass,
cocktail drums, accordion fiddle and slide guitar, behind Mellencamp with his
own acoustic guitar. It made for a thumping, down-home version of the old hit,
with Miriam Stone's fiddle a central part.

A hushed beginning introduced "Paper in Fire," with mandolin, fiddle and
accordion carrying the main melody, as Mellencamp, 56, in his black vest over a
blue shirt, sang with obvious passion. The electric guitars finally took
precedence on "On My Way," but Stone's fiddle was still integral.

The percolating new roots rocker, "Oh, My Sweet Love" was a rowdy hoedown. The
familiar fiddle lines of "Check It Out" had the crowd yelping gleefully before
Mellencamp sang his first note, and that song's conclusion prompted a standing
ovation that lasted several minutes.

A solo acoustic segment had Mellencamp playing his new "A Ride Back Home," a
kind of gospel-rocker where he implores Jesus for a celestial lift. He sang of
modern disconnection among the young and old with "Young Without Lovers," and
then did a solo take on "Small Town" that became almost a hymn as the throng
sang along with him.

The full band returned for a rocking treatment of "Rain on the Scarecrow," and a
riveting "Bring Peace to this Troubled Land." The new tune, "If I Die Sudden,"
was more gospel flavor, but with big rock dynamics that rode Stone's finest
fiddle solo.

Mellencamp sang a brief snippet of "I'm Your Puppet" to illustrate his intro
about experiencing racism while in a teenage rock band, leading into "Jena," his
new ballad condemning the Louisiana incident where nooses were hung in trees
after a racial incident. "You don't hang nooses, you don't paint swastikas,"
said Mellencamp, "that ... is just wrong."

The rocking 1993 hit "Human Wheels" led to a ferocious homestretch, with a
raucous "Crumblin' Down" followed by "R.O.C.K. in the U.S.A., " with Mellencamp
dancing on the stage lip. An evocative "Jack & Diane" put the crowd over the
top. For his lone encore. Mellencamp did a rumbling gallop through "The
Authority Song" which had the all-ages crowd dancing in the aisles, and
Mellencamp's own teenage son, Speck, joining the band on guitar, which just
enhanced the night's communal spirit.

Lucinda Williams' 60-minute opening set had a Rolling Stones-kind of rocking
grit. Her "Real Live Bleeding Fingers and Broken Strings" was as primal a rocker
as anything that group did. Williams didn't have a lot of vocal range last night
and seemed to be reading the lyrics to her own songs off a chart, but her
music's visceral power came through clearly.

Her growling kiss-off song, "Come On," may have shocked some folks with its raw
language, but Doug Petitbone's guitar solo was electrifying. Williams ended with
a rollicking gallop through AC/DC's "It's a Long Way to the Top (If You Wanna
Rock 'n' Roll)," having won many new fans.

Concert review

JOHN  MELLENCAMP

With Lucinda Williams, at Bank of America Pavilion, Monday night, continues
tonight.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rocker John Mellencamp's mostly acoustic band rocked the Bank of
America Pavilion on Monday. In this March 10 photo, Mellencamp performs after
his induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in New York., File photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Patriot Ledger

                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          November 10, 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Smule tunes Magic Fiddle app;
Company hit it big with virtual flute and piano, so now it shoots for 'absurd'

BYLINE: Jefferson Graham

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 886 words


PALO ALTO, Calif. -- When Ge Wang unveiled his first virtual musical instrument
for the iPhone, the Ocarina flute app, it was snapped up 2.5 million times.

The app developer and Stanford University assistant music professor realized he
was onto something. He followed up with more music apps -- a virtual piano,
trombone and auto-tune vocalizer -- selling a combined 6.3 million copies along
the way.

This week, Wang's company, Smule, releases its most ambitious app yet -- the
Magic Fiddle, designed to completely replicate the violin experience on the
iPad.

The Magic Fiddle is "such a ridiculous use of the iPad," says Wang, Smule's
co-founder and chief technology officer. "It's the only app we know of that you
have to hold up to your face. ... It seemed so absurd, we thought it was worth a
try."

The app, which costs $2.99, has the four virtual strings of a violin. You can
put your fingers on them and play the violin manually. Or you can click the
Magic Fiddle "songbook," which includes tunes such as Twinkle, Twinkle, Little
Star and Ave Maria, and play along with Smule's play-by-numbers instruction. The
app also features several instructional videos.

"Our dream is to get everyone to play music without having to think too hard
about it, to experience the joy of music-making without feeling inhibition,"
Wang says.

Tim Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies, says Smule's apps "appeal to the
musician in all of us. So many of us dabbled with an instrument in school, or
they've watched friends play, and they have a secret desire to be good on an
instrument. This really fits that need."

When not conducting the Stanford Laptop Orchestra or the Stanford Mobile Phone
Orchestra, Wang puts in a full week at Smule headquarters, just a stone's throw
from campus, often working through the night with his team of 20 engineers on
the latest project.

They worked 3 1/2 months on Magic Fiddle, an idea born after a symphony concert
in San Francisco where pianist Lang Lang performed an encore on the iPad via
Smule's Magic Piano app.

"We walked out of there thinking that we needed to create another 'magic'
instrument," says Wang. "Violin was thrown out as a joke, but we liked it and
had to give it a try."

From there, Smule engineers started building the instrument by writing computer
code to bring it to reality.

"A lot of it is experimentation," he says. "You write code and see what you come
up with."

Smule's first musical app, Ocarina, took six weeks to make. Fiddle took longer
because of the more generous real estate of the iPad and all the extra goodies
in the app.

You can tune the violin in different ways and perform duets with other Magic
Fiddle users all over the world. (This connected-duet feature is part of Magic
Piano, too.)

Sticking with Apple

In putting Smule together, Wang raised $14 million from venture-capital firms
and angel investors. Wang decided early on to focus on apps for Apple mobile
products (iPhone, iPod Touch and the iPad) and sees no reason to expand to other
platforms, such as Google's Android.

"Apple is perfect for what we're trying to do," he says.

Apple dominates the mobile app market with some 250,000 apps available via its
iTunes Store. Researcher Piper Jaffray predicts combined Apple mobile app sales
this year of $2 billion.

The apps have become so popular that by the end of the year, Apple will bring
its App Store to its Mac computers as well, opening up another avenue for
developers like Wang.

The biggest app sellers have been games and productivity tools, and Bajarin says
Smule's music apps would fall in the midrange of best sellers.

"They can do really well," he says of Smule. "They have a small shop, and they
don't aspire to be a $100 million software company just to make fun apps."

Wang is a hard-core geek who helped write the popular music software ChucK. But
he is also a master showman who knows how to get attention for his products.

In launching Magic Fiddle, he's produced three promo videos showcasing the
violin in unique ways. He's shown doing a duet with a Stanford student on a
violin rendition of the theme song from the Super Mario Bros. video game, as
well as Bach's Air on the G String.

He also employs the St. Lawrence String Quartet to walk out, in formal wear,
with Magic Fiddles under their chins, to play Pachelbel's Canon in D in
four-part harmony.

Also to get the word out, Wang today is planning on some old-fashioned retail
marketing. He and a team from Smule will take their iPads to the streets of San
Francisco and perform some street music theater.

"The Magic Fiddle is something that needs to be seen and heard to understand,"
he says.

How it works

*Magic Fiddle is an interactive iPad app that allows users to play music without
practice. Once opened, the app tells the user what to do.

*The screen shows a simplified arrangement of strings and frets and a bow,
depicted by a circle in the lower right-hand corner.

*The bow controls the volume and is activated with a thumb.

*Users are prompted by the fiddle on how to hold the iPad and where to place
their fingers. Moving streams of colored light indicate changing fingertip
positions.

*As users advance, they can learn about, and how to play, trills, glissandi and
chords. Interactive exercises and real songs are used for practice.

*The app contains 20 violin songs.

Source: Smule

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W, Photos by Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY (2)
PHOTO, B/W, Smule

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             June 1, 2011 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

Young fiddler offers peppy music on CD

BYLINE: By LaTina Emerson< Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 602 words


Wearing a flowered dress and cowboy hat autographed by famous banjo player Earl
Scruggs, Bethany "Peppy" Kelley, of Appling, smiles while she plays an upbeat
bluegrass tune on her fiddle, her arm going a mile a minute.

The 11-year-old home-schooled student has been playing the violin since she was
4 years old. She recently released her first CD, Me and My Fiddle, which
features her playing classic bluegrass and gospel tunes.

"I play for Jesus. I play because it's fun," Peppy said. "When I grow up, I want
to be a fiddle player in Nashville and make people everywhere smile and be happy
through my fiddle music."

Until then, she hopes her CD will help raise the money she needs to buy a
full-size violin. She received her current violin from the Ashley Willwerth
Memorial Scholarship Foundation, which provides financial assistance to students
of bowed-string instruments.

The young fiddle player's talent is already being noticed. In 2010, Peppy won
first place and $500 in the Georgia-Carolina State Fair Talent Show for playing
Orange Blossom Special. Over the past few years, she has joined several
bluegrass greats on stage in the local area, including Scruggs, who is known for
playing the theme song to the television shows The Beverly Hillbillies and
Little Roy and Lizzy Long.

On Saturday, she played alongside the band Peachtree Station at Papa Joe's
Banjo-B-Que Bluegrass Festival in North Augusta. The band saw her play in a
YouTube video and invited her to join them, said Peppy's mother, Donna Kelley.

The apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Both of Peppy's parents are musicians,
and her older siblings, Timothy and Brittany, are both studying music education
at Augusta State University and operating their own music school, Kelley Music
Studio.

While many kids are watching television or playing video games, Peppy enjoys
playing her fiddle during jam sessions with her parents and four siblings in the
family's living room.

The Kelley family also travels together and plays at restaurants, festivals,
churches, parties and events.

Peppy also plays the piano and is beginning to learn the guitar and mandolin.
Skilled in both classical and bluegrass music, she explained the violin and
fiddle are actually the same instrument, but they're given different names based
on the type of music being played.

"When you play the fiddle, you play bluegrass music. When you play the violin,
you play classical," Peppy said.

She prefers bluegrass because it gives her more freedom, she said.

When people hear Peppy play, they'll find her nickname to be fitting, her mother
said. Peppy likes to play her fiddle very fast.

Timothy, 19, Peppy's music teacher, accompanies his sister on guitar during
performances and said that she's almost left him and their father behind onstage
several times because she plays so quickly.

Peppy's CD includes Orange Blossom Special, Sweet By and By, Mockingbird and
Black Mountain Rag. Timothy plays all of the background music on the album.

"You don't find too many 11-year-olds who can play that well," he said.

Peppy says she hopes someday to be able to play her fiddle with musicians Ricky
Scaggs, Nickel Creek and Rhonda Vincent.

Also a musician, Timothy teaches classical, bluegrass, gospel bluegrass, jazz
violin, mandolin, beginning guitar and viola. He has played with the Augusta
State Orchestra, The Sand Hills String Band, an ASU ensemble and The Kelley
Family Band.

He has also been a guest soloist with the Columbia County Civic Orchestra and
won a teen talent competition at Fort Gordon last year.

Reach LaTina Emerson at (706) 823-3227

or latina.emerson@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

Music workshop Old-time music workshop returns to Moses Lake

BYLINE: Cheryl Schweizer, Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 530 words


July 12--MOSES LAKE -- After a career as a musician with the Spokane and Edmonds
symphonies, Nancy Rothwell, Seattle, said she was ready for something different.
Classical music is "perfectly structured," she said, and required close
attention to a strict script. "I wanted to just have fun," she said. Having some
fun was the reason she attended the annual workshop sponsored by the Washington
Old-Time Fiddlers Association.

Carson White had to make a decision when she started playing music a few years
ago -- violin or cello. "I chose violin because cello's huge," she said. But the
classical music that makes up a lot of the violin repertoire was "very poised
and refined," said Carson, 17, Bainbridge Island. Not her style. She was at the
workshop to learn more about fiddle music.

Fiddle -- not violin, said Cassandra Jabbora, 17, Spokane. She's in the Spokane
Youth Symphony, and used to think the different designations of violin and
fiddle were just different ways of describing the same musical techniques. But
some experience with fiddle music has changed her mind. "They're like weird
cousins," Cassandra said.

Carson and Cassandra said the fiddle music gives musicians more room to
interpret what they're playing. The interpretive freedom reminded Kyra
McQueston, 17, Beaverton, Ore., of jazz. Otherwise, "it is different. It's quite
different," Kyra said. She plays guitar in her high school's jazz band; her
great-aunt and great-uncle talked her into trying the old-time sound. It's a
whole new challenge. "I'm a little out of my comfort zone," she said.

Winston Black gave up guitar for the violin, because "guitar got kind of
boring." Both Winston, who's 10, and his little brother William play piano as
well as violin. (William is 6 years old; he will "become 7 in two days after
this week," he said.) Winston doesn't pay much attention to categories. William
likes fiddle music because, at least so far, "it's pretty easy."

This is the third year the WOTFA has set up shop at Frontier Middle School for
its week of workshops. They attract veteran musicians like Nancy Rothwell, and
brand-new players like Bob Matthews, Tacoma. Matthews is a retired teacher, "but
not of music," he said. He's a singer with the Puget Sound Revels arts
organization, but he wanted to branch out. "About a year ago I decided to take
it up myself."

Cassandra was in a class focusing on Native American folk music, while Bob
Matthews is interested in Celtic music -- Irish, "Welsh, to the extent there is
Welsh fiddle music," he said. The week of workshops attracts fiddlers, of
course, but also guitarists, banjo players and mandolin players.

Classes continue all week, and since many of the participants are camping behind
FMS, there are jam sessions both inside and outside the building after classes
end about 4 p.m. The workshop wraps up early Friday, and students and players
get together for a concert as the workshop finale. That's open to the public.

Cheryl Schweizer can be reached via email at education@columbiabasinherald.com

___ (c)2016 the Columbia Basin Herald, Wash. Visit the Columbia Basin Herald,
Wash. at www.columbiabasinherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160712-1CO-Music-workshop-Old-time-music-workshop-returns-to-Moses-Lake-0712-2
0160712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CO


                      Copyright 2016 Columbia Basin Herald

                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Lassen County Times (Susanville, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 22, 2013

Sandoval wins Weaverville Open

BYLINE: Lassen County Times staff

LENGTH: 230  words


On Sept. 14, 16-year-old Tallon Sandoval, of Janesville, competed in the eighth
annual Weaverville Open. This certified competition was held at the Trinity Alps
Performing Arts Center in Weaverville, Calif.

In the first round, Tallon played Dusty Miller, Fritz's Waltz and Wild Fiddler.
He placed in the top five in the junior division and was required to play a
second round. For the second round, Tallon played Done Gone, Golden Fiddle Waltz
and Texas Serenade. When the scores were tallied, Tallon was declared the
winner.

The division winners received prize money and are certified as champion old time
fiddlers. In addition, the Weaverville contest promoters pay the division
winner's entry fees for the 2014 National Oldtime Fiddlers Contest in Weiser,
Idaho. This is the second year Tallon won the junior division at the Weaverville
Open.

Tallon's previous accomplishments this year consist of first place in the junior
division and second place in the Open Twin Division at the 63rd annual Death
Valley Fiddle Contest, second place in the Open

Twin Division and third place in the junior division a the California State
Fiddle Championship.

Tallon has been playing fiddle since he was 5 years old. He has traveled and
performed in California, Nashville, Texas, Idaho, Oregon, and Nevada. Tallon is
currently preparing to compete in the Western Open Fiddle Championship this
month.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LAS

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Lassen County Times

                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 29, 2008 Thursday

Fiddle a little at Berks Heritage Center

BYLINE: Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 297 words


May 29--The 26th annual Fiddle Fest, a day of fiddle and acoustic music, returns
to the Berks County Heritage Center, Red Bridge Road, off Route 183, Bern
Township, on Saturday from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.

With open stages planned from 10 to 11:30 a.m., 3 to 3:30 p.m. and 6:15 to 7
p.m., spectators are welcome to bring their instruments and take part in the
music-making or sit back, relax and enjoy it.

The Full Circle Music Society will take the stage from 11:45 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.,
and will also provide musical instruction and demonstrations for children in the
Half Circle Kid's Tent.

The Martin Family Band will perform Irish and American fiddle tunes along with
Irish step dance routines at 2 p.m.

A fiddle competition begins at 4 p.m., with cash prizes being awarded in three
age groups: 10-and-under, 11-to-18 and 19-and-over. The "Best of Show" winner
will receive a recording session backed by Ken Gehret and "East Side Dave"
Kline.

Art and craft vendors will display their wares, including music-related items,
and the C. Howard Hiester Canal Center and Gruber Wagon Works will be open for
tours from noon to 5 p.m.

Visitors are encouraged to bring chairs, blankets and their favorite
instruments. Food and refreshments will be available. A $2 parking donation will
be collected, but admission is free.

For more information call 610-374-8839 or visit the Web site
www.countyofberks.com/ parks.

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080529-RE-Fiddle-a-little-at-Berks-Heritage-Center-0529

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2008 Reading Eagle

                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                            November 16, 2014 Sunday

Casey Driessen: where bluegrass meets technology

BYLINE: Jim Gilchrist

LENGTH: 650  words


"The singularity" is one of those terms which comes freighted with ominous
implications.

In cosmology, it relates to black holes and that hypothetical point in
space-time where all matter could be "spaghettified" into an infinitesimal
volume, while science fiction writers use it to invoke the possibility that the
runaway development of artificial intelligence could overtake human
intelligence, with catastrophic results. It can also, of course, simply mean the
state of being singular, which is one reason contemporary bluegrass fiddler
Casey Driessen has titled his third, solo album The Singularity.

Driessen uses digital looping to become effectively a one-man orchestra.
"There's that element of the technological side as well as the human side to
it," he explains, "so there are a few layers for me in the title".

There seems little risk, however, of the technology hijacking Driessen's music,
as audiences at Edinburgh's forthcoming Fiddle 2014 festival will discover.
Armed with five-string fiddle, effects pedals and trademark red shoes, the man
from Ashville, North Carolina builds up his percussive and harmonic
accompaniments in layers, sampling and looping on the spot, before the melody
sounds out on those plangent bluegrass strings. As his extraordinary take on
Michael Jackson's Billy Jean demonstrates, this can work with potent effect, and
without sounding contrived.

When he reverts to tradition and hollers out Working on a Building over some
nitty-gritty double stopping, the 35-year-old musician returns to being
essentially a powerful bluegrass fiddler who regularly plays with such
luminaries as Béla Fleck and the Flecktones, Steve Earle and Darrell Scott. I
had the pleasure, some years ago, of hearing him in the company of dobro ace Rob
Ickes and banjo maestro Noam Pikelny at Leith Folk Club. They tore the place
apart.

"I still think of myself as a bluegrass fiddle player, in my heart and at the
core of the way I approach the instrument," says Driessen."I still go to jam
sessions; I still play traditional bluegrass gigs with other people. I enjoy
making all different types of music, but I love bluegrass and appreciate all
it's done to help me develop musically."

Driessen's father is a self-taught musician who plays bluegrass banjo and pedal
steel guitar. "My parents got me started on the fiddle because it comes in small
sizes, manageable for children," he chuckles. "I think it was a fairly good fit
because I've stuck with it."

Steeped in bluegrass from the outset, while attending Berklee College of Music
in Boston he took on board elements of jazz-influenced "nugrass", R&B, funk,
bebop and more. "There is so much good music out there that I can't resist
trying to learn something from it, whether it's an emotion, a scale or a
technique," says Driessen. "I grab stuff from everywhere."

When not playing solo or with others, his other ongoing project is Fiddle
/Sticks, which sees him working with various percussionists - to date, world
music explorer Jamey Haddad, legendary Nashville drummer Kenny Malone and Roy
"Futureman"  Wooten of the Flecktones.

His appearance at Fiddle 2014 (where he'll also give workshops), when he shares
the bill at the Queen's Hall on 22 November with Michael McGoldrick, John
McCusker and Matheu Watson, is his second visit to Scotland in a matter of
weeks. He recently toured here then spent a week teaching at the Blazin' in
Beauly fiddle school. "Bluegrass has many different elements, but a lot of our
tunes and regional variations definitely have Scots, Irish and English origins,"
he says.

"It's exciting for me to travel here because you have such a deep and rich
history of fiddle and traditional music, and at the same time I'm bringing my
own take on it back to Scotland. I'm very aware of that."

For further information, see www.caseydriessen.comFiddle 2014 runs from 21-23
November, see www.scotsfiddlefestival.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

MUSIC OPPORTUNITIES INCLUDE HAGGARD, JAIMEE PAUL

SECTION: APPLAUSE; Ramblin' RhodesDON RHODES COLUMNIST; Pg. F06

LENGTH: 1005 words


It is great to see that country music superstar Merle Haggard is heading back
this way for a concert at 7:30 p.m. Saturday, Jan. 24, in the new Columbia
County Exhibition Center at I-20 and Lewiston Road in Grovetown, Ga.

Those are two names I never expected to hear together: Merle Haggard and
Grovetown.

Haggard already was a huge star when he started coming to Augusta in the early
1970s. He headlined a show at Bell Auditorium in February 1971 also starring his
wife, Bonnie Owens (formerly married to Buck Owens), Faron Young and also the
trio Tompall and the Glaser Brothers.

Haggard was back at the Bell in January 1973 with his singing wife and also
Donna Fargo (Happiest Girl in the Whole U.S.A.), the bluegrass duo The Osborne
Brothers and Grand Ole Opry star Nat Stuckey.

For that second show, Haggard told me about learning to play the fiddle for his
tribute album to the "King of Western Swing" Bob Wills and later Wills giving
Haggard one of his fiddles.

"I was surprised when Wills gave me his fiddle," Haggard said. "What that fiddle
is worth in Texas or Oklahoma is probably more than any Stradivarius."

Haggard told me that he had visited with Wills at his Texas home and that Wills
was playing a tape of early blues singers Bessie Smith and Emmett Miller.
Haggard added that the two blues singers were two of Wills' greatest
inspirations.

"There's a close resemblance between country music and black blues music,"
Haggard said. "Country music and soul music are both played by the ear and from
the heart. I feel a better name for country music is white soul music."

I asked Haggard how he felt about his music being embraced by both the hard core
country fans and the hard rock music fans.

"Everything changes - likes, dislikes fads - along with many other things," he
replied.

"If country music is able to penetrate into this area, I'm glad. But I'm not
surprised. The length of a man's hair doesn't determine what he likes to hear."

JAIMEE PAUL IN AT LAST: This versatile singer born in Illinois will present her
tribute to great female singers including Ella Fitzgerald, Billie Holiday,
Rosemary Clooney and Etta James as part of the Waynesboro-Burke County Concert
Series.

It begins at 7 p.m. Saturday, Jan. 24, in the Burke Office Park Auditorium in
Waynesboro, Ga. There will be a pre-show performance showcase beginning at 6:45
p.m.

Tickets for Paul and her Jazz combo, led by her husband Leif Shires on trumpet,
are $25 for adults and $5 for children. Go to iTickets.com or call (706)
437-0070. Visit burkeconcert.org.

Paul's mother taught music and piano in the public school system for 30 years.
Her father studied music in college before pursuing civil engineering.

Paul played classical piano and French horn growing up and sang in church and
school choirs.

She graduated from the Belmont University music school in Nashville, Tenn., in
1999 and hooked up with many Nashville stars including touring with Wynonna Judd
as a backup vocalist.

Paul will return to the area at 7:30 p.m. Thursday, April 2, for an Aiken
Performing Arts Group-presented show. The Aiken concert will be at the URS
Center for Performing Arts. Tickets are $40 and available from apagonline.org or
by calling (803) 648-1438.

FRANK SINATRA'S BIRTHDAY: The U.S. Army Signal Corps Band will present two
concerts observing the 100th birthday of Old Blue Eyes at 8 p.m. Friday, Jan.
30, and Saturday, Jan. 31, at the Fort Gordon Dinner Theatre building on Third
Avenue. Tickets are free. Make reservations by calling (706) 793-8552.

TRINITY RIVER BAND IN HEPHZIBAH: The Trinity River Band from Callahan, Fla.,
returns to the Augusta area for a concert at 7 p.m. Saturday, Jan. 31, at the
Hephzibah (Ga.) Opry, 4391 Saxon Drive.

Tickets are $10 for the show of bluegrass, Americana and acoustic roots music.
You can buy a fish fry dinner beginning at 5:30 p.m. also for $10. Call (706)
755-4584 for questions or visit hephzibahopry.com.

DIXIE MELODY BOYS QUARTET: This Southern gospel group features legendary
vocalist Ed O'Neal, who was inducted into the Southern Gospel Music Hall of Fame
at Dollywood theme park in 2004.

O'Neal wrote the classic gospel number When I Cross To The Other Side of Jordan.

The group will perform at Bethesda Baptist Church, 5793 Old Augusta Highway,
between Grovetown and Harlem, Ga., at 7 p.m. Friday, Jan. 30.

Admission is free with a love offering to be taken. Call (706) 556-6818 for
other information.

BUDDY HOLLY IN NEWBERRY: Don't forget about the touring show Buddy: The Buddy
Holly Story coming to the Newberry (S.C.) Opera House for shows at 3 and 8 p.m.,
Friday, Jan. 30.

Tickets are $40 from newberryoperahouse.com or call (803) 276-6264.

If you run into the wonderful Debra Smith, one of the best auditorium managers
anywhere, tell her I said hello.

TONY HOWARD'S MOTOWN REVIEW: My long-time R&B friend Tony Howard

continues to make some of the best music of any kind in the Augusta area. Y'all
sure remember him playing at the dedication of the James Brown statue in 2005.

Howard brings his 1960s Motown Review back to the Imperial Theatre for a
performance at 7 p.m. Saturday, Jan. 31.

It looks like from the theater's Web site that only $10 and $20 balcony tickets
are left. Buy online at imperialtheatre.com or call (706) 722-8341.

BILL STEWART INDUCTION: Here's a Ramblin' salute to WJBF/WGAT Vice President and
General Manager Bill Stewart who is being

inducted this week into the Georgia Association of Broadcasters Hall of Fame.
The ceremony with four other inductees takes place Friday, Jan. 23, at the
University of Georgia in Athens. SALUTE!

FRIDAY NIGHT FEVER: Get on your dancing shoes and head for the Jesse C. Lynch
Memorial American Legion Post 71 at 333 East Spring Grove Ave. in North Augusta
(third traffic light from 13th Street bridge) for a fund-raising dance from 7:30
to 10:30 p.m., Friday, Jan. 30.

Music from the '60s, '70s and '80s will be played. Cost is $10 with only ages 21
and older allowed. Bring your own wine or beer or nonalcoholic beverages. Call
Lester Lane for details at (803) 226-2200.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rhodes & Stewart mugs

DOCUMENT-TYPE: column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                              May 17, 2004 Monday

Best Bets

BYLINE: Compiled by Kathleen Nacozy, AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 570 words


She's backed the best, and now she's solo

Amy Farris is a singer/songwriter/fiddle player. She used to play second fiddle
to lead performers like Kelly Willis and Bruce Robison. Now she has taken the
lead.

This month, Farris released her debut CD, "Anyway," which she describes as an
Americana pop record. Roots-rock great Dave Alvin produced the CD and co-wrote
three songs with Farris.

Farris moved to Los Angeles exactly one year ago to make her album. Until then,
she had lived in Austin all her life.

In the early '90s, Farris graduated from UT and worked as a legal secretary. She
found a 9-to-5 job less than satisfying, so when Alejandro Escovedo asked her to
join his tour as a fiddle player, she quickly obliged. This began Farris'
full-time music career and led to more opportunities for her, singing harmonies
and playing fiddle for other musicians.

Farris misses Austin. During a moment of homesickness, she went to an L.A.
theater by herself to see "The Alamo." Speaking of which, one of Farris'
forefathers fought and died at the San Antonio mission. Tonight Farris is
celebrating her CD release with Austinites at Cactus Cafe. This will be a
hometown send-off for Farris, whose tour will take her from North Carolina to
Oregon.

-- Kathleen Nacozy

Amy Farris

When: 7:30

p.m.

Where: Cactus Cafe, 24th and Guadalupe streets, UT campus.

Cost: Free

Information: 475-6515, www.amyfarris.com

THE NEXT BEST

Genuine New Orleans jazz

The Preservation Hall provides New Orleans jazz in the French Quarter nightly.
The Preservation Hall Jazz Band tours the world to bring New Orleans jazz to
every place outside the French Quarter. The New Orleans jazz form originated
over a hundred years ago. It has a slower tempo than other types of jazz and
holds a clear melody. The Preservation Hall organization keeps this form alive.
Experience it in person tonight. 8 p.m. Paramount Theatre, 713 Congress Ave.
$29-$34. 472-5470.

Homeland insecurity

With national security in the news, Bruce Sterling explores the subject in his
new novel "Zenith Angel." Sterling is an Austinite, a futurist and an
award-winning science-fiction writer. "Zenith Angel" confronts our national
security, or rather, as Sterling calls it, our "insecurity," in a dark, comical
story of a man who quits his corporate job after 9/11 to help U.S. intelligence
fight terrorism. Sterling presents this, his ninth novel, at Book People
tonight. 7 p.m. 603 N. Lamar Blvd. Free 472-5050.

BEST OF THE REST

Cultural Awareness in Adoption -- 7 to 9 p.m. Adoption Knowledge Affiliates
presents Janie Cravens, who will explore issues adopted children and their
families face. Westover Hills Church, 8332 Mesa Drive. Free. 442-8252.

Dirtbombs --  Doors at 8 p.m., show at 10 p.m. Soul rock 'n' roll band from
Detroit. Hard Feelings and The 45s open. Emo's, 603 Red River St. $10.50.
477-EMOS, www.

emosaustin.com.

'James' Journey to Jerusalem' -- 7:20 and 10 p.m. Exclusive showing of Israeli
film about the exploitation of migrant labor. A satirical social commentary.
Running through Thursday. Dobie Theatre, 2025 Guadalupe St. $5.25-$8. 472-FILM.

'You're Gonna Miss Me: Casualties of Rock' -- 7 p.m. A tribute to rock stars who
died too soon. Rare videos, television performances, historical commentary.
Alamo Drafthouse Downtown, 409 Colorado St. $1. 476-1320, www.

drafthouse.com.

-- Compiled by Kathleen Nacozy

Send suggestions to bestbets@statesman.com

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former Austinite Amy Farris (yes, she gets homesick) returns to town
tonight to celebrate her new CD.
Bruce Sterling reads at Book People.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The Austin American Statesman

                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           October 14, 2009 Wednesday

Look who's talking

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 303 words


David Rohn to discuss art in Putney

PUTNEY -- The Putney Library will host a talk by David Rohn on Thursday, Oct.
22, at 7 p.m. This is the first of a three-part series of Artists Talk at the
Putney Library. Rohn will show slides of his work spanning 40 years. His wit and
observations are equal to the mastery of his paintings.

Old-time fiddle contests highlighted in talk

BRATTLEBORO -- "Old Time Rules Will Prevail: The Fiddle Contest in Vermont,"
presented by Adam Boyce, is a program of the Vermont Humanities Council, which
will be hosted by the Arts Council of Windham County at 7 p.m., on Thursday,
Oct. 22, at the Brattleboro Museum & Arts Center, 10 Vernon St.

The Arts Council s Annual Meeting and presentation of the annual Friend of the
Arts Award will precede the program.

Boyce, a 10th generation Vermonter and fiddler, has been involved with nearly
every aspect of fiddle contests in New England since 1994. He was the 2000
Vermont division champion at the Northeast Fiddler s contest in Barre.

His presentation will trace how fiddle contests evolved from being endurance
events to playing a set number of tunes judged by certain specific criteria.
Whether large or small, fiddle contests were venues for determining who was the
"best," as well opportunities to preserve old-time fiddling and to raise money
for local organizations.

In recent years, the fiddle contest has declined significantly in Vermont and
New England due to cultural changes and financial viability.

The greatest legacies of the fiddle contest are the recordings made during live
competition, a sampling of which will be played during the presentation. Some
live fiddling accompanies this lecture.

The public, along with Arts Council members are invited to attend this program.
For more information about the Arts Council, call 802-256-9198.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday
                                  Mich Edition

Fiddlin' beyond tradition's limits

BYLINE: JEFF HARRELL, South Bend Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 703 words


Eileen Ivers knows the question like the back of her fiddle.

Or is that a violin?

"I love to blur the line," the virtuoso embodiment of the instrument once
anointed "the Jimi Hendrix of violin" says.

Or, fiddle, anyone?

"I do call it a 'fiddle,' " Ivers admits.

An Irish girl would.

Born in New York City to Irish-born parents, Ivers spent summers in Ireland -
where a fiddle is an Irish fiddle, the same "fiddle ? fiddle ? fiddle" she spent
her toddlerhood "bugging" her mother over until mom gave in and "pushed me into
it" at about the age of 8.

"I remember loving it when my father played recordings of Irish fiddles and
bluegrass ? hearing it like that got into my little head at the time," she says.

"Irish music is my first love, so, yeah, I refer to it as a 'fiddle,' " she
adds, chuckling half-apologetically, "I guess I broke that rule."

Ah, rules, those standards of limits handed down by music traditionalists who
would let a genre run its natural course and die rather than break some rules
with new ideas, new instrumentations, fresh sounds.

Folk purists booed Dylan when he plugged in an electric guitar at a famous folk
festival.

Jazz purists crucified jazz-rock fusion in the 1970s even though Miles Davis
himself led the charge.

Now comes Eileen Ivers ripping into an electrifying mesh of jazz-fueled Celtic,
African and bluegrass world music that grooves as graceful and free as a
stallion running wild in the wilderness.

And all her audience can do is move their feet to the African drums and pick
their jaws off the ground stunned by Ivers' electric Irish fiddle.

"It was a very thoughtful process," Ivers says of spicing up her Irish music
with drums and African percussion. "Playing traditional Irish music and being
brought up and grounded in that - it's so old and respected, and I never want to
dilute the music."

But about those Irish purists.

"There are purists in our music ?" she adds, "yeah, there would be certain
people who would be more inclined to hear Irish music presented in a way with no
percussion or harmonica. Obviously, that's their opinion.

"There's a place for that as well - there's a certain power in a lone instrument
playing. But I like the challenge of making it accessible to larger crowds.
We've been successful in bringing the music to a very wide audience." Ivers and
her band, Immigrant Soul - drummer Tommy McDonnell; accordion, tin whistle and
piano player Buddy Connolly; acoustic guitarist Greg Anderson; bass player
Lindsey Horney; and the Irish Step Dancers - hit the stage Saturday at the
University of Notre Dame's DeBartolo Performing Arts Center.

The world-renowned fiddler travels well with an incredible résumé of seven
studio recordings and numerous featured appearances with such Irish musical
luminaries as the Riverdance troupe, Black 47, The Chieftains and Irish composer
Micheal O Suilleabhain, also known to blend folk, classical and jazz into
traditional Irish compositions.

But it's Ivers' blue ZETA Strados acoustic-electric fiddle that carries the star
power.

The fiddle, custom-made for Ivers in a signature series by ZETA Music Systems,
is the instrument that launched her into music immortality when a viewer dubbed
Ivers "the Jimi Hendrix of violin."

"Years ago, I was walking in Manhattan by Manny's music shop, which was booming
at the time, and I walked into a fiddle in the window," she says.

After Ivers was led to the store's small violin section, it was love at first
sight with a fiddle that was capable of being hooked up to electronic effects.

"I walked out of Manny's with that fiddle and a little Crybaby wah wah pedal,
feeling extreme joy," Ivers says.

Her bandmates weren't as thrilled.

"They said I was very obnoxious," she says with a laugh, adding, "That was like
an epiphany."

She has since added a loop pedal that expands the sound and allows more freedom
to stretch her Irish tradition.

"This instrument is not a narrow instrument," Ivers says.

No question. It's a fiddle.

In concert

Eileen Ivers and Immigrant Soul performs at 7:30p.m. Saturday at the University
of Notre Dame's DeBartolo Performing Arts Center. Tickets are $30-$8. For more
information, call 574-631-2800 or visit the website performingarts.nd.edu.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 13, 2005 Saturday

FOLK/Music;
Paul Dahlin and the Akta Spelman (the 'genuine fiddlers'), Swedish American
fiddlers

SECTION: Pg. Y15

LENGTH: 458 words


Saturday: 1 p.m. Heritage; Sunday: 1 p.m. Railroad, 3:30 p.m. Children's Area

Akta (ék tuh), a Swedish word meaning "genuine" or "true," is the name of this
fiddle ensemble from Minnesota dedicated to preserving traditional Swedish
music. The group's leader, Paul Dahlin, fiddler, violin repairman, composer,
festival organizer and cultural spokesman, is the American "taproot" to one of
Sweden's most venerable and widely admired genres of regional music, that of the
province of Dalarna. Even fiddle devotees in Sweden look to him as the principal
keeper of a treasured old repertoire and performing style that has been
virtually forgotten in their own homeland. While his music is archetypically
Swedish, the story of his cultural inheritance and special artistic motivation
is quite American.

Paul's grandfather Ivares Edvin Jonsson left his native Rojerasen in Dalarna
province in 1924 at the age of 19. When he left, his mother would not let him
take his treasured fiddle with him. "You are going to America to work, not to
play," she told him. Several years later, he was reunited with his beloved
instrument and spent much of the rest of his life in Minnesota passing on
fiddling and fiddle-making traditions to his children and his grandson Paul.
Paul took up the fiddle in 1963 at the age of 9, and by age 17, he was
performing regularly with his elders at Swedish-American events.

Before his death in 1984, Paul's grandfather was "discovered" by fiddlers from
Sweden who were amazed by his faithfulness to the regional style and repertoire
that was thought to have disappeared. When grandson Paul began teaching Swedish
instrumental music at the American Swedish Institute in Minneapolis, he was
applauded by his Swedish colleagues as an important keeper of deep Swedish
musical tradition and as a creative force in keeping the tradition alive. The
ASI Spelmanslag (fiddlers group) was formed the same year, and Dahlin has served
as musical director since its inception. In 1994, in recognition of his
outstanding contributions as a keeper and teacher of Swedish American musical
traditions, Dahlin was awarded a National Heritage Fellowship by the National
Endowment for the Arts.

The popularity of the adult spelmanslag led to the creation of a children's
fiddling group at ASI. Dahlin invests much of himself in teaching and
encouraging new crops of musicians because, he says, "they are deserving." In
addition to Paul (fiddle), the Akta Spelman ensemble includes wife Marikay
Dahlin (bass) and five younger members now in their 20s who grew up in the Lilla
Spelmanslag: son Daniel Dahlin (fiddle), Kristen Ottoson (fiddle) and three
talented sisters, Meredith Biddle (guitar) and Carina Biddle (fiddle), and Raine
Biddle Nyembwe (fiddle).

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News

                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            August 4, 2004 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Twins enjoy fiddling with Celtic tunes

BYLINE: Jennifer Jackson, Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO V; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 336 words


When Laura and Rachel Bennett went in June to Girl Scout camp, their fiddles
went with them.

The 12-year-old southwest Oklahoma City twins said they had a big audience at
camp when they practiced their Celtic tunes.

"They asked a whole lot of questions and some even wanted to hold it (the fiddle
)," Laura said.

Rachel said many campers thought playing the fiddle would be easy, but she told
them it wasn't as easy as it looked.

"You've got to practice awhile before you get good," Rachel said.

The girls continued practicing while at camp to stay in top form for
competition. They are two of the best Celtic-style fiddlers in the state.

After winning gold medals at a regional fiddling competition in Tonkawa, the
twins went on to score high marks in July at a national competition in Branson,
Mo. That qualified them to go back to Branson to perform at the Grand Nationals
of American Kids exhibition scheduled for Labor Day weekend.

"It was kind of thrilling and shocking," Laura said. "But it was fun."

The twins started playing violin about two years ago and picked up the
Celtic-style music on the fiddle a year ago.

Their mother, Malia Bennett, said she was surprised when her daughters told her
they wanted to learn to play the fiddle.

"My first reaction was that I had no idea where to find a teacher," she said.
"When they asked, they asked to learn to play fiddle and bluegrass."

The girls began studying classical violin through the University of Oklahoma
Sooner Strings Project. At the end of the program, the girls enrolled in classes
taught by Marilee Tussing in Norman.

Tussing introduced the girls to Celtic music, which is mostly Irish folk music.
The girls said they liked its fast and fun sound.

"We enjoy playing because we are also Irish and Scottish," Rachel said.

The girls practice about 45 minutes each day at home and also play in jam
sessions with other Celtic musicians in Oklahoma City and Norman.

"It's fun to play music that's different from what most people listen to,"
Rachel said. "It makes us happy."



LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Laura Bennett, 12, practices fiddling at her Oklahoma City home.
Bennett and her twin sister, Rachel, recently won a Celtic fiddling competition
and are qualified to compete at a grand national contest in September. - BY
EMILY SCHWARZE, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           January 26, 2013 Saturday

David Gibbs is reunited with the fiddle as part of Thompson House's 'Dreams
Happen' program

BYLINE: By CHRIS MAYS / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 522 words


Saturday January 26, 2013

BRATTLEBORO -- A duet in the dining room of the Thompson House left a resident
grinning from ear to ear.

"I've never had a lesson," said David Gibbs. "I'm a natural I guess."

On Friday afternoon, Michelle Liechti, an instructor from the Brattleboro Music
Center, played fiddle alongside of 85 year-old Gibbs, who had told staff members
at the Thompson House that his dream was to play fiddle again. He used to play
in groups in Thompson House, but after his fingers went numb, he was unable to
play for five years.

Liechti, along with musician Phil Bloch, who plays bluegrass, classical and jazz
music as a freelance musician, helped get Gibbs working with the bow again.
After a few minutes, Gibbs played some music, with Liechti helping him to hold
his bow arm in the right position, Bloch playing fiddle right next to him.

"I knew it!" said Liechti. "I knew you could do it!"

Gibbs' arm had to get used to the positioning again.

"In the morning, he said he didn't think he could do it," said Thompson House
Activities Director Sandy Ware.

Gibbs' older brother died during D-Day. He was part of the 101st Airborne. His
brother had been teaching another one of Gibbs' brothers, and Gibbs picked up
the instrument quickly just by watching. He was given the fiddle after his
brother died.

In the 1970s, Gibbs played all over Brattleboro and Connecticut. He played with
country and bluegrass bands, such as Patsy Fagan and the Mixers and the Green
Mountain Wranglers.

"At one time, I had five violins," said Gibbs.

He remembered specifically playing at a place called the Green Door and told the
Reformer that the building has since been converted into a pizzeria.

Back then, Ware said that there were 42 bars in Brattleboro.

"All of Elliot Street had live music," said Ware.

Gibbs talked about how he used to repair his own instruments as well as how he
had played for 400 people at a bowling alley that had been converted into a
music club.

Liechti told Gibbs she would bring a violin over for him to keep under his bed.
Then, every month, when Liechti comes to work with the quartet of Thompson House
residents, which she organizes once a month as a volunteer from the BMC, she
will spend some time with him.

This had been the third event in a series called "Dreams Happen" that Ware has
helped to set up.

"We try to make their dreams happen if we can," said Ware.

One person who had their dream fulfilled wanted to learn how to swing from the
trapeze bars. That person was taken to the New England Center for Circus Arts
and had been able to learn how to swing and hang from the trapeze bars. A second
person wanted to go horseback riding again and had the chance to do so.

Liechti is also freelance musician. She has played in different orchestras.
Currently, Liechti plays with the British Baroque revival orchestra, the Arcadia
Players, which is based out of the Hampshire County area.

"This was the best jam ever," said Bloch as he left the Thompson House, saying
that he hasn't smiled that big in awhile.

Chris Mays can be reached at 802-254-2311, ext. 273, orcmays@reformer.com .
Follow Chris on Twitter @CMaysReformer.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michelle Liechti of the Brattleboro Music Center, left, and Phil Bloch
from the band The Burners, right, help 85 year old David Gibbs play the fiddle
once again, at the Thompson House in Brattleboro. (Zachary P.
Stephens/Brattleboro Reformer)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            April 21, 2007 Saturday

Lowell Folk Fest gets a 'beat' on summer

BYLINE: By Kathleen Pierce, kpierce@lowellsun.com

SECTION: KEROUAC; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 513 words


LOWELL -- Half of the musical acts are secured and excitement is starting to
build for Lowell's crowning summer event, the Lowell Folk Festival.

Now in its 21st year, the free outdoor music and food celebration is keeping the
beat, with a new slogan, new partner and new energy.

The official announcement for the July celebration comes on May 31, but
performers are being added to the festival's Web site as soon as the National
Council for Traditional Arts can book them.

"Come January, people were getting on the Web site looking for the music. They
want information quick and accessible," said Philip Lupsiewicz, media and
communications, for Lowell National Historical Park.

Making a repeat appearance is Bronx-born fiddle hero Eileen Ivers with her band,
Immigrant Soul. First performing in Riverdance before going on to become
synonymous with modern fiddle, Ivers is the daughter of Irish immigrants who
took up the fiddle at age 8 and became the All-Ireland Fiddle Champion nine
times.

Country crooner James Hand and the Magic Band will deliver the honky-tonk and a
touch of Hank Williams. The Lost Bayou Ramblers make the trek in from Lafayette,
La., for added contemporary Cajun.

The Franco-American sound this year comes to us via Burlington, Vt., in the name
of The Beaudoin Project. Dubbed the first family of Franco-American music and
dance, Louis Beaudoin and his kickin' kin keep the musical traditions of French
New England alive. This is the band you will be stepping to under the sun. And
young Armenian upstarts Aravod Ensemble, from Philadelphia and southern New
Jersey, spread the love with uplifting dance music.

This summer, when the musical party descends on Lowell during the last weekend
in July, festival-goers will notice changes, both subtle and pronounced, when
they traverse the cobblestones in search of food, music and exaltation.

The biggest physical change is the relocation of the Tsongas Arena stage to the
National Park Service Lot on Dutton Street.

"We want to bring it closer to the Market Street Stage and Art in the
Courtyard," said Lupsiewicz.

The outdoor art fair takes place in the Market Mills Courtyard and will feature
Lowell artists this year. Crafters, along Lucy Larcom Park, will continue to
highlight New England traditions.

Among the five producing partners of the 21-year-old free festival, the Greater
Merrimack Valley Convention & Visitors Bureau is the newest addition.

With the tourism bureau on board, expect to see more of a splash, said Deb
Belanger, executive director. "We want to get more folks involved."

Ethnic food representing the immigrant population in Lowell has always been a
big draw. This year, planners are looking to make it more so.

"Our core mission is to introduce the public to the variety of the foods that
attract so many each year," said Belanger, who came up with the slogan "Keeping
the Beat," a theme that ties in with the presence of Jack Kerouac's original On
the Road scroll in Lowell while the festival takes place July 27-29.

For more Lowell Folk Festival information go to www.lowellfolkfestival.org.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: No Published Caption

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Stirling Observer

                                 April 29, 2011
                                  1st Edition

Leading Irish fiddler Liz heads to Tolbooth

BYLINE: Gregor White

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 489 words


IF Liz Carroll had only lived in a bigger house growing up her musical life
today could have been very different indeed.

Now a leading American player and composer of Irish fiddle music she decided at
a very young age that, as well as the accordion, she would like to add the piano
to her stable of talents.

Thanks to the family's cramped Chicago quarters, though, it was a plan that was
over before it began.

"My parents bought an old upright piano when I wanted to take lessons, but the
movers couldn't get it up the front stairs or the back stairs - we lived in a
second floor apartment," she said.

"My mom encouraged me to try the violin since, one, Grandpa, my mom's father,
played the fiddle, and, two, because you can take a fiddle with you - unlike a
piano."

Fortunately Liz loved the fiddle as soon as she got it: "It felt really natural
- good in my hands.

"I imagine I felt about the fiddle like an athlete feels when they pick up a
basketball or a racket and they immediately know they like this.

"It makes it better when that thing you like seems to like you back, that it
responds in kind."

Classically trained it was traditional Irish music that really grabbed her,
though, with a family heritage that included that granddad who hailed originally
from West Limerick.

"When I started the fiddle my folks sought out the Irish Musicians Association
in Chicago, and there I got to sit down and play with wonderful people,
wonderful players," she said.

Moving from playing only, to actually composing, was a very natural progression
as she describes it, beginning with simply "picking out melodies" and with lots
of tunes that "went by the wayside" because she didn't know how to write music
and didn't have a recording device handy at home until she was older.

The Champaign Jig Goes to Columbia was the first jig she wrote and features on
2000 album Lost in the Loop.

Now her life is a mix of composing for herself, for other musicians and for
plays and dance pieces.

Racking up numerous awards along the way she was nominated for a Grammy last
year for the album Double Play with guitarist John Doyle who joins her on her
latest UK tour which started in Yorkshire this week and arrives at the Tolbooth
next Thursday (May 5).

As she describes it the pairing certainly sounds like a match made in musical
heaven and one where, again, things unfolded very naturally.

Playing on Lost in the Loop she invited him to join her on an England/ Scotland
tour shortly afterwards.

Working well together there it's a loose partnership that has been maintained
ever since.

"John's a dynamic player, there's drive in his playing. He's also a quick study
and, while I have my own ideas about chords, once he gets ahold of a tune he can
bring out chord ideas I wouldn't have thought of. It's a reason to keep at it,
just to hear what he's going to do."

Next week's Tolbooth gig starts at 8pm. Tickets pounds 10/ pounds 8.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  NATURAL: American Irish fiddle player Liz Carroll is playing the
Tolbooth.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: so


                           Copyright 2011 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Stirling Observer

                                 April 27, 2011
                                  1st Edition

Leading Irish fiddler Liz heads to Tolbooth

BYLINE: Gregor White

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 489 words


IF Liz Carroll had only lived in a bigger house growing up her musical life
today could have been very different indeed.

Now a leading American player and composer of Irish fiddle music she decided at
a very young age that, as well as the accordion, she would like to add the piano
to her stable of talents.

Thanks to the family's cramped Chicago quarters, though, it was a plan that was
over before it began.

"My parents bought an old upright piano when I wanted to take lessons, but the
movers couldn't get it up the front stairs or the back stairs - we lived in a
second floor apartment," she said.

"My mom encouraged me to try the violin since, one, Grandpa, my mom's father,
played the fiddle, and, two, because you can take a fiddle with you - unlike a
piano."

Fortunately Liz loved the fiddle as soon as she got it: "It felt really natural
- good in my hands.

"I imagine I felt about the fiddle like an athlete feels when they pick up a
basketball or a racket and they immediately know they like this.

"It makes it better when that thing you like seems to like you back, that it
responds in kind."

Classically trained it was traditional Irish music that really grabbed her,
though, with a family heritage that included that granddad who hailed originally
from West Limerick.

"When I started the fiddle my folks sought out the Irish Musicians Association
in Chicago, and there I got to sit down and play with wonderful people,
wonderful players," she said.

Moving from playing only, to actually composing, was a very natural progression
as she describes it, beginning with simply "picking out melodies" and with lots
of tunes that "went by the wayside" because she didn't know how to write music
and didn't have a recording device handy at home until she was older.

The Champaign Jig Goes to Columbia was the first jig she wrote and features on
2000 album Lost in the Loop.

Now her life is a mix of composing for herself, for other musicians and for
plays and dance pieces.

Racking up numerous awards along the way she was nominated for a Grammy last
year for the album Double Play with guitarist John Doyle who joins her on her
latest UK tour which started in Yorkshire this week and arrives at the Tolbooth
next Thursday (May 5).

As she describes it the pairing certainly sounds like a match made in musical
heaven and one where, again, things unfolded very naturally.

Playing on Lost in the Loop she invited him to join her on an England/ Scotland
tour shortly afterwards.

Working well together there it's a loose partnership that has been maintained
ever since.

"John's a dynamic player, there's drive in his playing. He's also a quick study
and, while I have my own ideas about chords, once he gets ahold of a tune he can
bring out chord ideas I wouldn't have thought of. It's a reason to keep at it,
just to hear what he's going to do."

Next week's Tolbooth gig starts at 8pm. Tickets pounds 10/ pounds 8.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  NATURAL: American Irish fiddle player Liz Carroll is playing the
Tolbooth.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: so


                           Copyright 2011 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             April 21, 2009 Tuesday

STU to honour N.B. fiddle master; Achievement Ned Landry to receive honorary
degree at May 10 convocation

BYLINE: Derwin Gowan Telegraph-Journal

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 554  words


St. Thomas University will confer an honorary degree on New Brunswick fiddle
master Ned Landry at its 99th spring convocation in Fredericton on May 10.

At the banquet the night before, he will play a tune he composed for the
occasion, STU Special.

If the plan comes together, four other musicians who back him up regularly -
Ellen Nightingale (keyboards), Harold Nightingale (guitar), Ed Blackier
(mandolin) and Eleanor Blackier (flute) - will join him on stage.

Family and musical friends will attend the event to help Landry, 88, celebrate a
remarkable achievement.

"It sure is," Landry, who grew up in Saint John, said Monday from his home in
St. George.

"Let me tell you something, I'm 88 and I came up from the Depression," he said.
"In 1930 we couldn't even buy a pair of sneakers, and I only went to Grade 5,
and now I'm getting a degree for my music."

He survived difficult times but music took him places he never imagined as a
youngster in Saint John.

As a child, he played the harmonica. He plays other instruments, and sings, but
he made his mark as a fiddle player and composer.

He made his radio debut at the age of seven. After service in the Second World
War, he performed throughout Canada, hosted his own radio show and wrote and
recorded countless jigs, reels, songs and waltzes.

He toured with Don Messer, Johnny Cash, Hank Snow and Wilf Carter among others.
He was three-time North American Fiddle Champion and has been inducted into the
North American Fiddlers Hall of Fame and the New Brunswick Country Music Hall of
Fame. Landry has received lifetime recognition awards from the Canadian Grand
Masters Fiddling Championship and the East Coast Music Awards. He is a member of
the Order of Canada.

These accomplishments stem from musical ability for which he does not take
credit.

"That's my work, and I don't know if you believe in this (but) it's a gift from
God," he said Monday.

"We were very poor - very, very poor, and we all went to church, and Grandfather
made fiddles, and I thank the Lord I got as far as I did." His grandfather gave
fiddles to people who could not afford them, Landry said.

The honorary degree from STU comes at a difficult time for Landry with his wife
Mildred in the hospital, but he plans to make the trip to Fredericton for the
event.

"I'm going up," he said.

STU will also present honorary degrees to writer, educator and actor Lee Maracle
of North Vancouver, and writer Rev. Ron Rolheiser, president of the Oblate
School of Theology in San Antonio, Texas.

Maracle, born of Salish and Cree ancestry, is a member of the Stó:lo Nation. Her
autobiographical novel Bobbi Lee was one of the first aboriginal works published
in Canada.

She has authored critically acclaimed works including Sojourner's and Sundogs,
Ravensong, Daughters Are Forever, Will's Garden, Bent Box, and I Am Woman. Her
scholarly research has focused on North American feminism and indigenous women,
writing from an indigenous perspective, and colonization and liberation.

Rolheiser is the author of more than 15 books including The Restless Heart
(winner of the Winifred Sanford Award for the most popular spiritual book in the
United Kingdom), The Shattered Lantern: The Atheism in our Daily Lives and The
Path Beyond (winner of the Catholic Book Award) and The Holy Longing (winner of
U.S.A. Catholic Press Book Award).

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                           February 5, 2009 Thursday

Former Humboldt fiddle prodigies return to Arcata

BYLINE: Monica Topping For the Times-Standard

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 545 words


The Bee Eaters is a fairly new project for Tristan and Tashina Clarridge, the
brother-sister string virtuoso duo that grew up in and around Humboldt County,
and now call Boston home.

The Clarridges, Tristan a fiddle and cello player and Tashina a 5-string fiddle
player, are both Grand Champions at the National Oldtime Fiddler's contest and
have both attended and taught at Mark O'Connor's string camps in Nashville and
San Diego.

"We started going to those (camps) as students, when we were kids," says Tristan
Clarridge. "That's sort of where we first met and got to listen to a lot of
fiddle and acoustic music heroes of ours from a lot of different genres. People
like Mark O'Connor and Daryl Anger and a lot of great players. That's sort of
been an inspirational thing over the years."

The Clarridges also competed in the annual Annie and Mary Day Fiddle Contest.

"After Tristan and Tashina kept winning all the time, the contest lost a little
momentum," says Patrick Cleary, president of the Humboldt Folklife Society. The
fiddle festival still exists as part of the week-long Humboldt Folklife
Festival, but the contest has been laid to rest.

The Bee Eaters formed about a year ago, after the Clarridges followed their
friend, banjo player Wes Corbett, out to Boston. Corbett grew up in Bainbridge
Island, Wash., and had been in a duo with hammered dulcimer player Simon
Chrisman for years, before uprooting and moving to the East Coast to take
advantage of its music scene.

"We're not there very much," says Tristan Clarridge who, like his Bee Eaters
bandmates, does double-duty with other projects back in Boston. He was at the
Mateel Community Center in December, playing cello with Crooked Still, and just
got back from a whirlwind trip to Scotland's Celtic Connections Music Festival
with that band. He flew straight back from Scotland to the Bay Area, where he
met up with his bandmates for this current tour.

Banjo player Corbett plays in a band called Joy Kills Sorrow, back at home, and
Tashina Clarridge teaches private lessons and plays with Mark O'Connor,
including the tour stop he made at Humboldt State University two years ago.

While most the Bee Eaters are in their early-mid 20s, hammered dulcimer player
Chrisman is the senior member of the band. At 28-years-old, he's the "only one
old enough to drive the rental car," said Tristan Clarridge as the band drove
around Grass Valley, trying to find their venue, last weekend.

The Bee Eaters started making their first record last year, produced by fiddle
legend Darol Anger, which will be released tomorrow night at the Arcata
Playhouse. The self-titled album is full of mostly original songs with an Everly
Brothers song, arranged by the band, and the Beatles' "Eleanor Rigby," arranged
by the band with Anger.

After the Arcata show and CD release party, the band will continue to bounce up
and down the west coast, ending up in Tacoma, Wash., in a couple of weeks, at
the Wintergrass festival.

Tomorrow night's show at the Arcata Playhouse, located in the Old Creamery
Building, will start at 8 p.m. Tickets are $12 for general admission and $10 for
Humboldt Folklife Society members.

For more information on the Bee Eaters and to listen to a couple of songs from
their new album, visit www.beeeasters.com .

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved

                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              Grayson County News Gazette (Leitchfield, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

Freedom and Fiddlin 2013 a success

BYLINE: Matt Lasley, Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 938 words


July 23--The Freedom and Fiddlin' Festival was held to a large turnout at
Leitchfield's Public Square on Saturday, July 20.

The event marked the first time when the annual Freedom Festival and Twin Lakes
National Fiddlers Championship were combined into a single, simultaneous event.

According to Leitchfield Tourism Director Ilsa Johnson, it is estimated that
about 6,000 people attended the event this year.

While the 2013 event "went well," Johnson said the 2014 Freedom and Fiddlin'
Festival will likely offer rides for older children, as well as toddlers.

Johnson said it has also been suggested that the fireworks display, which
started at dark on Saturday, be moved to its original location at Grayson County
Middle School.

However, Johnson said she felt the display would be best set off from its new
location, by the Judicial Building in Leitchfield due to the festival's location
on the Square.

Music for the second annual Fiddlers Championship started at 10 a.m. on Saturday
and featured 125 local and national contestants, according to Co-Festival Chair
Steven Elder.

Elder said the audience turnout and the number of contestants were double that
of the 2012 event, which had 61 contestants.

"It was bigger and more exciting that I could ever have imagined," he said.
"I've never seen more people on the Square."

Elder said after 4 p.m. on Saturday, the audience at the 2013 Fiddlers
Championship was "shoulder to shoulder on the Fiddle side of the Square."

The first, second, and third place winners in each category are as follows (for
a complete list of winners, visit The News-Gazette's website,
gcnewsgazette.com):

In the Small Fry Fiddle Category (ages 8 and under), Olivia Lee, of Versailles,
Kentucky, won 1st place; Tanner Marriott, of Ava, Missouri, won 2nd place; and
David Lin, of Lexington, KY, won 3rd place.

In the Junior Junior Fiddle (ages 9-12), River Lee, of The Woodlands, Texas, won
1st place; Matthew Lin, of Lexington, KY, won 2nd place; and Serena Hutchens, of
Winchester, KY, won 3rd place.

In the Junior Fiddle (ages 13-17) , Andrew Lin, of Lexington, KY, won 1st place;
Trustin Baker, of Birchtree, MO, won 2nd place; and Jacob Johnson, of Lincoln,
Alabama, won 3rd place.

In the Young Adult Fiddle (ages 18-39), Doug Fleener, of Leitchfield, KY, won
1st place; Megan Lynch Chowning, of Goodlettsville, Tennessee, won 2nd place;
and Maddie Denton, of Murfreesboro, TN, won 3rd place.

In the Adult Fiddle (ages 40-64), Joel Whittinghill, of Bowling Green, KY, won
1st place; Erik Payton, of Millwood, KY, won 2nd place; and Marcia Denton, of
Murfreesboro, TN, won 3rd place.

In the Senior Fiddle (ages 65 and over), John Paul Jarboe, of Philpot, KY, won
1st place; Leo Hickman, of Bloomington, IN, won 2nd place; and John Steuver, of
Dillsboro, IN, won 3rd place.

In the Junior Dancing (ages 16 and under), Ivy Philips, of Chapmansboro, TN, won
1st place; Kati Huntley, of Loretto, TN, won 2nd place; and Raygan Sellers, of
Goodlettsville, TN, won 3rd place.

In the Adult Dancing (ages 17-40), Robyn Durdin, of Nashville, TN, won 1st
place; and Michael Mason, of Greenbrier, TN, won 2nd place.

In the Senior Dancing (ages 41 and over), Tommy Jackson, of Franklin, TN, won
1st place; Traci Tuttle, of Portland, TN, won 2nd place; and Pam Jaggers, of
Falls of Rough, KY, won 3rd place.

In the Banjo Competition, Joseph Newman, of Scottsville, KY, won 1st place;
Jesse Riley, of Toledo, Ohio, won 2nd place; and Brad Bulla, of Spring Hill, TN,
won 3rd place.

In the Mandolin Competition, Joel Whittinghill won 1st place; Solly Burton, of
Sullivan, Indiana, won 2nd place; and Eli Bishop, of Nashville, TN, won 3rd
place.

In the Guitar Competition, Joel Whittinghill won 1st place; Tyler Andal, of
White House, TN, won 2nd place; and Tyler Sellers, of Goodlettsville, TN, won
3rd place.

In the Championship Fiddle-Off, Andrew Lin won 1st place; Doug Fleener won 2nd
place; and Joel Whittinghill won 3rd place.

And in the Bluegrass Bands Category, Justamere Bluegrass Band, of Leitchfield,
KY, won 1st place; The Baker Family, of Birchtree, MO, won 2nd place; and Higher
Ground, of Bowling Green, KY, won 3rd place.

Judges for the Fiddlers Championship were Junior Marriott, Mark Ralph, and Bobby
Taylor.

The weekend's festivities opened with the Twin Lakes Fiddle Festival Pageant on
Friday, July 19 at GCMS, during which Christina Boarman, of Owensboro, was
crowned the 2013 Pageant Queen.

1st Runner-Up in the Queen Pageant (ages 16-21) was McKenzie Morris, of
Somerset; 2nd Runner-Up was Lacy Graham, of Elizabethtown; and 3rd Runner-Up was
Jessica Wood, of Leitchfield.

In the Princess portion of the pageant (ages 13-15), Jocelyn Vincent, of
Chalybeate, was crowned 2013 Princess; Morgan Cecil, of Elizabethtown, was named
1st Runner-Up; Amber Horn, of Clarkson, was named 2nd Runner-Up; and Ally James,
of Clarkson, was named 3rd Runner-Up.

In the Little Princess portion of the pageant (ages 10-12), Jennay Leslie, of
Garfield, was crowned 2013 Little Princess; Allie Daugherty, of Morgantown, was
named 1st Runner-Up; Mackenzie Nelms, of Louisville, was named 2nd Runner-Up;
and Shanna McClung, of Leitchfield, was named 3rd Runner-Up.

And in the Little Miss portion of the pageant (ages 7-9), Kennedy Davis, of
Leitchfield, was crowned 2013 Little Miss; Olivia Durbin, of Leitchfield, was
named 1st Runner-Up; Kaylee Holderman, of Leitchfield, was named 2nd Runner-Up;
and Isabella Weedman, of Leitchfield, was named 3rd Runner-Up.

___ (c)2013 the Grayson County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) Visit the Grayson
County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) at www.gcnewsgazette.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130723-SY-Freedom-and-Fiddlin-2013-a-success-0723-20130723

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SY


                   Copyright 2013 Grayson County News Gazette

                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            September 4, 2015 Friday

Credit union adds 2 branches

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 551 words


Credit union adds 2 branches

BANNOCKBURN -- Great Lakes Credit Union said it acquired two branches as part of
a merger with McHenry County Federal Credit Union. Terms of the acquisition were
not announced. The Crystal Lake branch, 345 E. Congress Parkway, has reopened as
GLCU. The branch in Woodstock closed Aug. 20 and a new GLCU branch will be open
later this month at 180 S. Eastwood Drive. The Crystal Lake branch is open to
the public, as will be the new Woodstock branch. With the latest merger
complete, GLCU has just under 70,000 members and more than $720 million in
assets. The credit union is headquartered in Bannockburn and has 12 branches
located in Antioch, Bolingbrook, Country Club Hills, Crystal Lake, Gurnee,
Naperville, North Chicago, Oak Lawn, Round Lake Beach, Waukegan, Willow Springs,
and Zion. When Woodstock opens, GLCU will have 13 branches.

Copper Fiddle nets honors

LAKE ZURICH -- Copper Fiddle Distillery, the makers of handcrafted, small-batch,
grain to bottle, non-GMO bourbon and gin, recently received the Silver Medal for
Fiddle Gin, awarded by the American Distilling Institute. ADI is the nation's
oldest and largest organization representing craft distilleries. This was a
nationwide competition. The Fifty Best awarded Copper Fiddle Distillery's Tom
Gin the Gold Medal. A panel of judges blind-tasted Tom gins -- also known as
barrel gin -- and rated them individually on a point scale. After tallying the
scores, the Gold Medal was awarded to Copper Fiddle Tom Gin. The Fifty best is
an online guide to fine living. "Since we opened just over a year ago, it's
wonderful to be recognized so quickly," said Fred Robinson, co-owner of Copper
Fiddle Distillery.

Naperville OKs motor plaza

NAPERVILLE -- The Naperville City Council this week approved the expansion of
Iron Gate Motor Plaza, a garage lifestyle complex for motoring enthusiasts.
Council members unanimously approved business zoning for part of the 45-acre
site project. "Iron Gate Motor Plaza was contemplated to feature auto-related
businesses along the Ferry Road frontage. Businesses like car retail, a premium
car detail center, a high-end service and tuning center along with aftermarket
audio and video were all business types in the mix," said Iron Gate Motor Condo
developer Tom Burgess. The plaza has secured relationships with Brighton Car
Wash, Fluid Motor Union and Soundz Plus, Burgess said, and talks are ongoing
with other car-related services that seek a presence at the innovative garage
lifestyle complex.

Kemper Lakes names new chef

KILDEER -- Kemper Lakes Golf Club in Kildeer has named Jared Claude its new
executive chef. Claude joins the staff at Kemper Lakes after serving as the
executive sous chef at Conway Farms for two and a half years, where he gained
knowledge working major events, such as the 2013 BMW Championship as well as
preparing for this year's event. "I believe in raising standards to give an
overall better dining experience to the members by using local and sustainable
products as much as possible;" said Claude. "I want the food to match the
exceptional golf experience that members and guests have at Kemper Lakes."
Kemper Lakes General Manager John Hosteland said "his drive, determination,
experience and 'outside the box' thinking will be a welcome change for the
club."

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Coffs Coast Advocate (New South Wales)

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Heavenly musical addition;
Blues and roots fest

SECTION: Pg. 27

LENGTH: 335  words



HIGHLIGHT: Dorrigo Folk & Bluegrass festival on the mountain


THE Appalachian Heaven String Band is well-known for its tight, driving
arrangements of tunes and songs from the southern Appalachian mountains in the
USA.

And this weekend they will be heading up the mountain to Dorrigo to be part of
the fun that is the Dorrigo Folk & Bluegrass festival.

The string band is the precursor of bluegrass, featuring fiddle, banjo and vocal
harmonies transposed from the Celtic fiddle traditions, infused with
African-American cultures, and rural sensibilities.

Appalachian mountain music played with gusto and authenticity has been learned
directly from the masters during regular visits to the USA.

From sensitive and driving fiddle tunes, dance tunes with curly toes, to cheeky
songs and disarmingly touching ballads, Appalachian Heaven String Band delight
audiences young and young-at-heart.

The band loves to participate in community music events such as DFBG and share
their skills and knowledge through workshops (clawhammer banjo, old-time fiddle
or autoharp) and open jam sessions.

The names behind the faces are Graeme Fletcher who plays guitar, autoharp and
sings and has long been involved in the folk and old-time music scenes and is
recognised both in Australia and the USA for his autoharp playing.

Sally Taylor, fiddle player and founding member of the bands Flap!, Dev'lish
Mary and Triskel. She currently plays with Stray Hens, Nigel Wearne, Rising
Tide, and the Ugly Uncles.

Kime Wheeler's journey started with grunge metal and "electric bass shoe gazing"
in Boxmonster, then embraced the double bass in the Dan Hicks-inspired Innocent
Bystanders, before turning left at Albuquerque to the valley of bluegrass and
Uncle Bill. Kim plays double bass, mandolin and sings.

Ian Alexander, who has played clawhammer banjo in Australia and all over the USA
with the best old-time musicians for 25 years.

Ian is the founder of the band.

The 15th Dorrigo Folk & Bluegrass Festival, October 21 to 23.

More details/tickets/ or how to volunteer at dorrigofolkbluegrass.com.au

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCA


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Sherbrooke Record (Quebec)

                              June 23, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Master Fiddlers bring magic to the Haskell

BYLINE: Nancy Nourse, The Record

SECTION: TALK OF THE TOWNSHIPS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 441  words


For the fourth year in a row, music fans will have an opportunity to enjoy the
Magic of Master Fiddlers, first class fiddle and violin entertainment, at the
Haskell Opera House in Stanstead on June 24.

Representing both sides of the border, Louis Schryer and Scott Campbell will
present a show that blends Canadian and American styles.

Schryer, who lives in Chapeau, is an eight-time Canadian Open fiddle champion
and three-time Canadian Grand Masters champion in addition to being a four-time
winner of the famous Pembroke Fiddle Competition.

Schryer is one of the most sought after session and stage musicians anywhere. He
earned his bachelor of music degree from the University of Ottawa. His
appearances on the Tommy Hunter Show, Adrienne Clarkson's CBC show and PBS-TV
have developed a trail of fans throughout the country.

Schryer was born into the rich Franco-Ontarian musical traditions of a family
whose name has become synonymous with great traditional fiddle music and
step-dancing.

Along with triplet brothers Dan and Pierre, he was one third of a ready-made
trio who eventually all took up the fiddle. They competed and performed as The
Schryer Triplets or with brother Raymond (one of Ontario's finest fiddlers) and
sister Julie (a brilliant pianist) as The Schryer Family.

Continuing on what has become a family tradition, Schryer's own daughters,
Chelsey and Kaitlyn, will be joining their father at the Haskell Opera House,
both of whom are talented fiddlers and energetic step dancers.

Campbell has been a familiar face on the Magic of Master Fiddlers scene,
intriguing audiences with his versatility and dexterity on the violin and fiddle
.

Campbell has won more than 60 Open Fiddler championships throughout New England,
is a three-time Vermont Fiddle Champion, five-time Northeast Regional Junior
Fiddle Champion and was inducted into the U.S. National Fiddlers' Hall of Fame
in 2005.

Campbell was a child prodigy who began playing music at 18 months. Although
completely untrained, he has become a highly skilled musician. His talent was
first recognized at the age of 12 by Graham Townsend, Canadian fiddle champion,
who invited Campbell to accompany him on a world tour. He is now in high demand
as a studio musician and recording engineer.

The Magic of Master Fiddlers IV is a fundraising event for the Hospice program
of Orleans Essex VNA & Hospice, Inc.

The Haskell Opera House is the perfect setting for this event as the building
itself connects the two countries by straddling the border.

The show will begin at 7 p.m. Reserve tickets by calling 819-876-2020 or buy
them at the door -- $20 (adults), $17 (seniors) and $12 (under 12).

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Sherbrooke Record
                              All Rights Reserved

                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Fiddle championships 50 years in Oroville

BYLINE: Ryan Olson; rolson@chicoer.com @NorCalJustice on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1557 words

ABSTRACT

The 50th annual Old-Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championships are set for this
weekend in Oroville. Events begin with Thursday's Gospel Jam and continue with
the competition Friday afternoon and all day Saturday.

FULL TEXT

Oroville >> A statewide celebration of old-time fiddle music turns 50 this year
in downtown Oroville.

The 50th annual California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championships
starts tonight with the Feather River Gospel Jam and Hoedown. The competition
kicks off Friday afternoon and continues all day Saturday at a new venue, the
Oroville Veterans Memorial Hall, 2374 Montgomery St. While there is a modest
entry fee of up to $20 for anyone wishing to enter the contest, all events are
free for spectators.

"Come on down and enjoy," event co-chairman Brett Johnson said. "It's about
spreading the joy of this kind of music."

Some of that joy may be found among the recreational vehicles that will camp on
the levee between the Memorial Hall and the Municipal Auditorium, the event's
previous long-time venue. When the weather is good, like it is forecasted to be
through Saturday, Johnson said people may jam for hours even if they aren't
competing.

"When the weather is like this, it's going to be a hoedown," he said.

Keeping music alive

Johnson, who owns Howser Music, said the California State Old Time Fiddlers
Association was

founded in the Oroville area to help preserve and celebrate older types of
acoustic music, such as bluegrass and gospel. Back before electronic media and
personal devices such as iPhones, people used to entertain themselves and others
with fiddles, guitars and other string instruments.

"What it is is that we're trying to perpetuate old-time music," Johnson said.
"Some of it goes back to the Civil War."

The association now has 12 districts covering the entire state. Johnson said the
individual districts hold three or four contests with the winners advancing the
Oroville championships. The event also draws people from other Western states,
including Oregon, Nevada and Idaho.

After waning in popularity for a few years, Johnson said he's seen younger
people pick up acoustic instruments again. It's a trend fueled by a folk music
explosion and the popularity of music groups, like Mumford & Sons.

The Oroville City Council and Mayor Linda Dahlmeier recognized the impact of the
event and presented a proclamation to event organizers at Tuesday's council
meeting. A part of the proclamation, the mayor declared this week to be old-time
fiddle week.

"You will certainly enjoy the whole weekend," association President Ruth Oveland
said.

Oveland, of San Jose, said she's often asked what the difference is between a
fiddle and a violin. She said a violin sings, while a fiddle dances.

Oveland and a guitarist performed a couple of songs for the council, including
the "Texas Waltz" and a few folk dance reels.

Unique performances

The event begins with the free gospel jam and hoedown from 5:30 p.m. to about 8
p.m. at the Feather River Senior Citizens Center, 1335 Myers St. People
interested in St. Patrick's Day food may purchase a corned beef and cabbage
dinner for $10.

Johnson said performers often sign up ahead of time, but there can sometimes be
slots for people wishing to sign up. Some performers also put out a call for
players to join them on stage.

The competition kicks off in earnest at 3 p.m. Friday with seniors playing
first. Friday night features the "anything goes" contest, where different
ensembles can branch out with different styles of acoustic music and even
feature vocalists.

The anything goes contest can bring in some eclectic performances. Johnson
recalled prior wins by a young female yodeler and a swing trio.

A full day of competition is scheduled for Saturday, beginning with youth
performers at 7:30 a.m. and working up to adults. The picking competition is
held in the afternoon prior to a dinner break. Awards are presented at the end
of the day.

The top performers in each category may be eligible to participate in the
Western finals in Idaho.

Food and drink will be available for sale, according to Johnson. He said the
group will also accept donations.

Regarding the venue change, he said they had wanted to play at the auditorium,
but there was a possible conflict with a remodeling project. He said the
veterans hall was a cool building, but parking may be an issue.

There's parking in the adjacent Oroville Veterans Memorial Park for All of Butte
County and along surface streets. There are also parking lots about 1,000 feet
west on Montgomery Street and Bird Street. Johnson advised against parking in
the Boss Burger lot.

More information about the event is available on the association's website,
www.csotfa.org.

Reach reporter Ryan Olson at 896-7763 and facebook.com/NorCalJustice.

Oroville >> A statewide celebration of old-time fiddle music turns 50 this year
in downtown Oroville.

The 50th annual California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championships
starts tonight with the Feather River Gospel Jam and Hoedown. The competition
kicks off Friday afternoon and continues all day Saturday at a new venue, the
Oroville Veterans Memorial Hall, 2374 Montgomery St. While there is a modest
entry fee of up to $20 for anyone wishing to enter the contest, all events are
free for spectators.

"Come on down and enjoy," event co-chairman Brett Johnson said. "It's about
spreading the joy of this kind of music."

Some of that joy may be found among the recreational vehicles that will camp on
the levee between the Memorial Hall and the Municipal Auditorium, the event's
previous long-time venue. When the weather is good, like it is forecasted to be
through Saturday, Johnson said people may jam for hours even if they aren't
competing.

"When the weather is like this, it's going to be a hoedown," he said.

Keeping music alive

Johnson, who owns Howser Music, said the California State Old Time Fiddlers
Association was

founded in the Oroville area to help preserve and celebrate older types of
acoustic music, such as bluegrass and gospel. Back before electronic media and
personal devices such as iPhones, people used to entertain themselves and others
with fiddles, guitars and other string instruments.

"What it is is that we're trying to perpetuate old-time music," Johnson said.
"Some of it goes back to the Civil War."

The association now has 12 districts covering the entire state. Johnson said the
individual districts hold three or four contests with the winners advancing the
Oroville championships. The event also draws people from other Western states,
including Oregon, Nevada and Idaho.

After waning in popularity for a few years, Johnson said he's seen younger
people pick up acoustic instruments again. It's a trend fueled by a folk music
explosion and the popularity of music groups, like Mumford & Sons.

The Oroville City Council and Mayor Linda Dahlmeier recognized the impact of the
event and presented a proclamation to event organizers at Tuesday's council
meeting. A part of the proclamation, the mayor declared this week to be old-time
fiddle week.

"You will certainly enjoy the whole weekend," association President Ruth Oveland
said.

Oveland, of San Jose, said she's often asked what the difference is between a
fiddle and a violin. She said a violin sings, while a fiddle dances.

Oveland and a guitarist performed a couple of songs for the council, including
the "Texas Waltz" and a few folk dance reels.

Unique performances

The event begins with the free gospel jam and hoedown from 5:30 p.m. to about 8
p.m. at the Feather River Senior Citizens Center, 1335 Myers St. People
interested in St. Patrick's Day food may purchase a corned beef and cabbage
dinner for $10.

Johnson said performers often sign up ahead of time, but there can sometimes be
slots for people wishing to sign up. Some performers also put out a call for
players to join them on stage.

The competition kicks off in earnest at 3 p.m. Friday with seniors playing
first. Friday night features the "anything goes" contest, where different
ensembles can branch out with different styles of acoustic music and even
feature vocalists.

The anything goes contest can bring in some eclectic performances. Johnson
recalled prior wins by a young female yodeler and a swing trio.

A full day of competition is scheduled for Saturday, beginning with youth
performers at 7:30 a.m. and working up to adults. The picking competition is
held in the afternoon prior to a dinner break. Awards are presented at the end
of the day.

The top performers in each category may be eligible to participate in the
Western finals in Idaho.

Food and drink will be available for sale, according to Johnson. He said the
group will also accept donations.

Regarding the venue change, he said they had wanted to play at the auditorium,
but there was a possible conflict with a remodeling project. He said the
veterans hall was a cool building, but parking may be an issue.

There's parking in the adjacent Oroville Veterans Memorial Park for All of Butte
County and along surface streets. There are also parking lots about 1,000 feet
west on Montgomery Street and Bird Street. Johnson advised against parking in
the Boss Burger lot.

More information about the event is available on the association's website,
www.csotfa.org.

Reach reporter Ryan Olson at 896-7763 and facebook.com/NorCalJustice.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             June 17, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Fiddle flotilla has performers in canoes

BYLINE: Star News Services

SECTION: TRAVEL; Travel Briefs; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 828  words


RILEY BROOK, N.B. - Fiddlers will be taking their usual places - in their canoes
- for an annual musical event this month on the Tobique River in northwestern
New Brunswick.

The celebration of Celtic music involves fiddlers playing in canoes as they head
down the river from Nictau to Riley Brook.

"It takes between three and four hours, depending on the level of the water,"
said organizer Helen Edgar.

The fiddle flotilla is part of a three-day event, running June 23-25,
appropriately called Fiddles on the Tobique, which has grown steadily in
popularity since it began in the early 1990s.

This year some 800 vessels - kayaks and rafts are also involved - are expected
on June 24, Edgar said. Not all will contain fiddlers; some will just have
paddlers joining in the festivities.

"And there's a community brass band on a float. They just sit there and play."

Another highlight of the weekend is a concert featuring several prominent
performers including Mark Sullivan, Gordon Stobbe, Tom Wilkinson, Sherryl
Fitzpatrick, Ivan Hicks and Chad Wolfe.

The performers will also serve as instructors at a music camp for people of all
ages. The camp runs until June 29 and draws people from across Canada and the
U.S.

The river fiddle/paddle is free to watch. Tickets to the June 23 concert, held
in a gym at Plaster Rock high school, cost $13 per person or $30 per family. The
fiddle camp stages a nightly concert in Lower Kintore that is open to the
public.

Online: www.fiddlesonthetobique.com.

AIRPORT EXHIBIT EXPLORES HISTORY OF MORSE CODE

TORONTO - An exhibit of about 40 items at Pearson International Airport explores
the history of the language of dots and dashes known as Morse code.

The items, selected from the collection of the Canada Science and Technology
Museum in Ottawa, include early telegraph equipment, said a news release.

Among them are "little-known devices such as the siphon recorder and the
heliograph, as well as rare examples of early radiotelegraph equipment employed
on ships before the First World War."

The exhibit shows how systems for transmitting Morse code became essential in
making land, marine and air transportation reliable.

"Even today, Morse survives in the three-letter code used to identify airports
around the world," said the release.

The code is named after the 19th-century American inventor Samuel Morse.

The exhibit, which opened recently at the airport's Malton Gallery in Terminal
1, runs until next January.

Online: www.gtaa.com/artprogram.

MYRTLE BEACH BUILDS HUGE SAND CASTLE

MYRTLE BEACH, S.C. - This beach town has completed its attempt to build the
world's tallest sand castle, a 9.9-metre (321/2 feet) creation featuring two
dozen spires and guarded by a pair of gargoyles.

The castle, as tall as a three-storey building, was built on the beach at the
Myrtle Beach Pavilion Amusement Park and stands 71/2 centimetres (three inches)
taller than a castle built in 2003 in Falmouth, Maine.

Myrtle Beach already held the record for the world's longest sand castle - a
16.9-kilometre (101/2 miles) long castle in 1991.

Although the Myrtle Beach castle was vandalized a few days before completion,
the creators managed to repair it. City officials announced on June 7 that they
believed they had surpassed the existing record, according to the Sun News.

A small helicopter with a camera flew over the 18.3-metre (60 feet) wide castle
to take footage for submission to Guinness World Records for confirmation of the
world record, a process that could take months.

It took six professional sand castle builders from Team Sandtastic of Florida
eight days to build the castle.

AIRPORT LAVATORIES HAVE ARTWORK

STOCKHOLM, Sweden - Travellers hearing nature's call at Stockholm's Arlanda
airport may think they have ended up in a summer meadow - figuratively speaking.

The airport's newly designed lavatories, which open mid-June in Terminal 5,
combine pleasant flowery glass art with an improved solution to fight odours,
Arlanda's designer manager Karin Elfver Renstrom said.

The men's lavatories will have glass artwork portraying a flower-filled Swedish
meadow around and above the men's urinals. On the other side of the bathroom,
there is a window at eye-level with a view of the tarmac below.

A practical problem led to this unconventional solution that blends art, design
and functionality, Elfver Renstrom said.

"It is important that a lavatory should smell good. Urinals often have problems,
because odours emanate from the gaps between tiles. By using glass sheets
instead of tiles, however, we avoid gaps," she said. "And it is not more
expensive than tiles."

The ladies' room also comes with glass artworks, in the shape of giant red
buttercups.

The new lavatories are part of an extension of international Terminal 5, which
also includes new shops.

The airport last year completed an expansion program to be able to handle 25
million passengers a year and is now concentrating on improving passenger
amenities and comforts, Elfver Renstrom said.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Randall Hill, The Sun News; RECORD ATTEMPT: Mark Mason, owner of Team
Sandtastic of Sarasota, Fla., works on a walkway on a giant sand castle recently
at the Myrtle Beach Pavilion in Myrtle Beach, S.C. Six professional sand
sculptors are attempting to build the world's tallest sand castle.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 14, 1993 Monday

BYLINE: Deena Winter

LENGTH: 291 words


A 13-year-old Bismarck boy fiddled his way to two championships in the
International Peace Gardens Fiddle Contest held this weekend. John Lardinois
Jr., who enters the eighth grade at Simle Junior High School this fall, was
limited to entering two categories. So even though he's only been playing the
fiddle for about a year and was 10 years younger than the next oldest
contestant, he entered the North Dakota Open category.

That category, as the title hints, is open to any North Dakotan of any age. So
Lardinois was taking on a field of fiddlers whose hands have graced the strings
of fiddles long before his arrival. He proceeded to out-fiddle each and every
one of them. ""I saved my big guns (best tunes) for the last round,'' said
Lardinois, who composed his first song on his ukelele at age 2 and began playing
classical violin at age 4. ""After I finished that last round I just knew. I
could just tell that I won.'' Lardinois also took home a first-place showing in
the international juniors category, open to fiddlers up to age 18. ""I was
surpised that I won because there were a lot of good Canadians there,''
Lardinois said. The youth has won several fiddle contests in the state and
regularly performs his ""Fiddlin' Johnny'' act with his father. Susan Lardinois
was elated that her son ""blew them out of the water'' because it's the first
time he's entered the contest, which drew fiddlers from Wyoming, Idaho,
Minnesota and Canada. ""Nobody expected it,'' she said. Lardinois travels to
Idaho next week to compete in the biggest fiddle contest in the United States,
which he qualified for by winning a certified event.

CUTLINE From TRIBUNE files John Lardinois Jr. now heads to the largest contest
in the U.S., next week in Idaho.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 14, 2010 Thursday

Cloverdale fiddle fest saved by new donors

BYLINE: Clark Mason, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 502 words


Oct. 14--The Cloverdale Old Time Fiddle Festival's string of 36 years won't end
after all.

Sponsors have come forward to ensure the festival will be staged in January and
not cancelled by lack of funds.

Last month, the Cloverdale Historical Society, which has organized the festival
since 1975, said it was cancelling the event because a major sponsors -- the
City of Cloverdale -- was unable to commit money.

But because of the "generous response" from the community, organizers said the
event will be held as originally planned on Jan. 29-30.

"It was resurrected. It was nice to get that affirmation that people valued the
event," said Bonnie Asien, executive director of the Cloverdale Historical
Society.

Asien said Reuser Inc. of Cloverdale, Lagunitas Brewing Co. of Petaluma and Vine
Pro Vineyard Management of Cloverdale are putting up a total of $9,000, more
than making up for loss of the city's annual $5,000 contribution.

"The immediate response and interest, including commitments from new sponsors
who had never been involved before, came as a pleasant surprise," said
Historical Society President Doug Laurice.

Cloverdale Mayor Carol Russell said the fiddle festival is a "touchstone" for
Cloverdale.

"I can tell you that folks here were feeling kind of down," she said. "For the
fiddle festival to be at risk was very upsetting."

"Everybody was very happy it was saved," she said. "We would not be Cloverdale
without the fiddle festival."

Organizers said the festival served as a fund-raiser but also helped to preserve
unique music and highlight varied playing styles.

The festival attracts about 250 mostly amateur contestants and requires about
100 volunteers to put on. In recent years it suffered from declining attendance,
blamed on the economy and weather.

Even though is is held indoors at the Cloverdale Citrus Fairgrounds, rain for
the past few years didn't help.

The attendance record was 2,500 people over two days several years ago. But that
dipped to about 800 this and the Historical Society netted only about $2,000.

When the city was unable to commit to the 2011 event, the Historical Society
said it had to cancel, or it would lose money.

The Historical Society said the future of the event remains clouded. Several
changes are being considered for 2012, including moving the festival to
springtime and expanding into an Americana or Bluegrass festival, according to
Asien.

"It would be a larger event with three or four stages," she said of the
possibilities.

"We're just in the talking part now to see if it's even feasible," she said.

To see more of The Press Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Press Democrat, Santa
Rosa, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101014-UR-Cloverdale-fiddle-fest-saved-by-new-donors-1014-20101014

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2010

                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 25, 2010 Sunday

Victoria native returns to fiddle in honor of her Hall of Fame father

BYLINE: Erica Rodriguez, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 563 words


Apr. 25--HALLETTSVILLE -- Two performances in Branson, Mo., weren't enough to
keep professional fiddler Bonnie Riley, a Victoria native, away from playing for
her Fiddlers' Hall of Fame father, P.J.

"It was for my dad, really," she said, after playing during the first round of
the Texas State Championship Fiddlers' Frolic fiddle competition Sunday
afternoon.

The morning was emotional after her father, who was recently hospitalized with a
blood disorder, was unable to attend his own induction. P.J. was known for never
missing a frolic and his love of music.

"He loved the music more than anything," she said. "This was his favorite place
to be."

The event, in its 40th year, draws fiddlers from all parts of the country, but
only 25 Texas residents over the age of 16 competed Sunday.

Fiddle cases were open, shoulders rocking and boots tapping as musicians warmed
up to compete in and outside the building. Many were seasoned fiddlers like
Riley. The competition was stiff, but friendly.

Some come to win, like Carl Hopkins, a five-time world champion fiddle player
from Porter who won the prestigious competition about eight years ago.

"You just got to be on top of your game," Hopkins said, standing near his
alligator-skin violin case that held The General, a fiddle that belonged to his
great-great-grandfather. It was the instrument he hoped would win this year's
showdown.

"Our heritage is Texas fiddle playing," he said, describing his family.

Others came for the family of fiddlers.

"It's like a family reunion and a music festival all in one," said Eddie Davis,
a fiddler who's been competing in the event for more than 20 years.

Judges tapped their pencils and bobbed their heads as they listened to the 25
players from all over the state play a Texas breakdown followed by anything from
a waltz to a polka.

Outside, the smell of the Texas State Championship Barbecue Cook-Off rivaled the
twangy fiddle tunes heard inside.

Teams competed in categories from gumbo to chicken breast.

"I would like to be a musician, but I don't have the patience to fiddle," said
Oscar Ramirez, a competitive cook with Los Peesto-Leros barbecue team. The team,
who's signature item the pisto -- which translates to a shot of alcohol --
inspired the cantina-style camp.

It took them a full day to assemble their space, which was complete with
swinging doors and an old saloon-style piano inside. The group hoped to place in
the showmanship division, but mostly enjoyed the fellowship.

"The music is great, the atmosphere is great," Ramirez said. "So anyone who
wouldn't want to come out here must not like life."

Inside the hall, Riley hoped she at least placed among the top 20 players.
Although Riley has played in the competition since she was 12 years old, after
moving to Missouri she'd missed the last three years, but was happy for a
return.

"The history of the music is coming to life," she said. "It's kind of our
release from everyday life. ... It brings us all together."

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100425-VI-Victoria-native-returns-to-fiddle
-in-honor-of-her-Hall-of-Fame-father-0425

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2010 Victoria Advocate

                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      August 28, 1996 Wednesday 2D EDITION

Fiddle Fervor Woman passes on legacy of unique instrument

BYLINE: By Hsiao-Ching Chou, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. G-01

LENGTH: 1513 words

If Chris Doering could afford to teach her students the fiddle for free, she'd
do it.

But she and her husband, Andy, gave up their jobs years ago, the jobs that
brought in bigger salaries, to do what they loved.

Fiddle music comes from aural folk tradition. Without active messengers passing
it on, the music dies. So Chris Doering plays with a fury.

She wants only to master the fiddle. Others will say she has already, but she
disagrees. Others will cite her first-place win at nationals this year in
Weiser, Idaho, as proof she is a master, but that's not enough for her. So Chris
Doering practices 10 hours each day.

For the kids, learning the fiddle is a challenge. Many have had years of violin
technique ingrained in their minds and bodies. Those skills have to be
unlearned. There is no fiddle music to read, the bow is held differently and
there is an entire fiddle social life to get used to. Changing those violin
techniques is a struggle. So Chris Doering is ever patient with her more than 40
students.

That is her nature.

She recently taught a 10-day master fiddle class for the Crossover Project, a
non-profit, grassroots organization that promotes multicultural education for
all ages through the arts. Crossover, in conjunction with the CU-Succeed program
sponsored by the University of Colorado at Denver, was able to offer the
students one college credit for participating.

It's the end of the first week. Among the six students are a 12-year-old girl
whose goal is to learn how to play as many instruments as she can, a retired
media specialist and teacher, and a businessman who has a cellular phone
attached to his ear (in a previous session, he returned to class after a break
and announced that he had sold several hundred head of cattle). That's the
beauty of fiddling: Anyone can play.

As the students straggle in, Doering sips her hot coffee with cream and arranges
six folding chairs in a semicircle and makes conversation with a dad and
acknowledges with a compliment two little girls who have sneaked in the room to
tinker with the out-of-tune piano.

A teenage boy in a gray T-shirt enters and promptly takes out his fiddle to warm
up. He has dark, tousled hair, a lanky body and a determined face. On the far
side of the room, a 14-year-old girl proceeds with her pre-class routine of
gently unpacking the fiddle that belonged to her grandfather and taking off her
shoes.

This class is an early present for her 15th birthday.

The surroundings are less than ideal for a music class: The buzz of a lawnmower
fills the room; the carpet is warped, bunched-up in places and hazardous; the
incessant beat of an Aztec drum, which looks like a bongo but booms like a
timpani, permeates the entire building from the basement where some neighborhood
kids practice their dancing. It's the best facility the Crossover Project can
offer with its limited resources.

But it'll do.

The boy in gray offers to play his version of a tune Doering had taught the
class the day before. He plays a few measures, then stops to replay a missed
note. He tries again and misses the same note.

"I need to memorize that more," he says in apology.

"I don't want you to memorize, I want you to use these puppies," Doering says,
tugging on her ears. She speaks in a Chicago twang, the result of Southern roots
and a childhood spent in the Windy City.

Doering knew at age 4 that she wanted to play the violin. Her goal was to join
the orchestra and perform at Carnegie Hall. She started lessons at age 7.

"I took violin because I wanted to," she says. "Dad took me to Nashville outside
the Grand Ole Opry and asked, 'Don't you want to play in there?' and I said,
'No, Dad, I want to play in the symphony."'

Dad and Grandpa wanted her to play fiddle, but she didn't know how and no one in
the family could show her. They'd make her watch "Hee Haw," the country variety
show, hoping it would magically turn her into a fiddling champ. To no avail, of
course.

Doering says that fiddle music originates from Great Britain and that its sound
is made to resemble the bagpipe. Much of the American fiddle music comes from
Appalachia where, in folk tradition, it was the men who played the fiddle, each
one trying to outdo the others, while the women cooked dinner. Doering wanted
nothing of that. So she played her violin through high school and quit when she
got married afterward.

The marriage was short-lived. As a single working mother, Doering had no time to
play her violin. It wasn't until after she married Andy Doering 12 years ago and
moved to the Denver area that she even thought about playing again.

Fiddling had been around because of shows like "Hee Haw," but there wasn't an
organized effort to preserve it. Teaching the kids became Doering's goal. Of
course, she first had to learn the fiddle.

Now 38, Doering had to force Terry Morris, the man who would become her teacher,
to accept her as an apprentice. And she earned the title of the first female
national fiddle champion. The national championship took place in Weiser, Idaho
in June. She's the person budding fiddlers seek for tutelage - and autographs.

The only thing Doering likes better than playing the fiddle is catching that
moment when a child finally understands what fiddle music is. It's the moment
everything falls into place and Doering knows that person "got bit by the fiddle
bug."

Teaching children, making sure that this folk tradition remains just that, is
what fuels Doering. Every once in a while, Andy Doering has to force his wife to
slow down, to sit down, to take a breath. She does, but not for long. There's
too much to do, so many students to encourage, all these competitions to
organize, emcee and attend. School orchestras, private lessons, personal
practice time, family commitments.

Doering proclaimed herself the official liaison between the older generation of
fiddlers and the young. At every contest, she acknowledges the older folks, who
are all male, thanking them for keeping the music alive. Then she hoots and
hollers for the children and teens, whose ranks are at least half, if not more,
female.

"This is the future of fiddling," Doering often says.

These young musicians aren't shy, academic recluses. They're intelligent,
popular and well-versed in sartorial trends. At every contest, Doering is sure
to remind the audience that these kids could be doing worse things - getting
into trouble or playing with guns instead of fiddles. That's why the class for
the Crossover Project is important.

Doering has wanted to teach a workshop for several years. The opportunity to
share her knowledge and have students earn college credit was hard to refuse.
Because the Crossover Project is located in a lower-income neighborhood, there
was hope that more children and adults who don't get much exposure to fiddle
music would take advantage of the class.

The phone calls have poured in for the next session of the master fiddle class.
Those who attend will learn what might be called a fiddle philosophy.

"We're caretakers," Doering says. "My fiddle was made in 1802 and lots of others
have owned it. It has a tonal memory. The wood gets used to a certain way of
playing. I knew when I picked it up that it was my violin. We have a
responsibility and the privilege to care for our violins so that others can play
them in the future."

Doering feels it's important to learn and improve fiddle technique, but always
have fun. The fiddle social life consists of down-to-earth fun. Contests aren't
held in fancy concert halls. Likely, someone has pitched a large tent, fired up
the barbeque grills and poured the lemonade. Contestants perform in cutoffs or
billowy T-shirts and athletic shorts. Someone might hold a fiddlin' where
friends gather for potluck and a jam session.

And winning isn't everything.

"There are so many other lessons to learn: your poise, stage presence, how to
work the microphone," Doering says. "You compete with yourself, not others. You
can't lose because you have to win last place; you can't lose something you
didn't have."

Fiddlers learn the music by ear. Once they've picked up the basic melody, they
can make up the rest. Beginners who haven't grasped the concept of spontaneity
might play a basic tune that lasts about two minutes. But the great fiddlers can
take that same song and add embellishments until it's six or seven minutes long.
They create as they play, often unable, themselves, to repeat what they've
played. Fortunately, there are tape recorders and video cameras.

At the recent Fiddlers on the Gorge competition at the Royal Gorge, one of the
judges, who is a two-time national fiddle champion, brought his cassette
recorder to tape the performance of 15-year-old Katie Glassman.

Glassman has won first place in her age division in the last three competitions
in Colorado.

Glassman is one of Doering's students, as are many of the competitors. Most of
them are friends. Doering is proud to see them on stage whether they win first
or last place - especially if they compete just for fun.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Special to The Denver Post/Sharokin Isayo Chris Doering is
teaching master programs for fiddle playing. She earned the title of the first
female national fiddle champion in Idaho in June.

TYPE: PROFILE

                        Copyright 1996 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            March 14, 2013 Thursday

St. Patrick's Fiddle Frenzy returns to BF's Stone Church

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 319 words


Thursday March 14, 2013

BELLOWS FALLS -- On Saturday at 7:30 p.m., Stone Church Arts presents its annual
celebration of Spring and Celtic music, St. Patrick's Fiddle Frenzy at Immanuel
Episcopal Church, 20 Church St.

This year, two veterans to the Fiddle Frenzy, cellist Eugene Friesen and fiddler
Emerald Rae, are joined by two newcomers, multi-instrumentalists Rachel Clark
and Bob DeMarco of the Celtic duo Blackbird.

Friesen has broken new ground for the cello, using it in a wide variety of
non-classical settings and creating new techniques to expand its role as a solo
and accompanying instrument. He has also performed thousands of concerts for
young audiences as "Celloman." He is a multi-Grammy Award-winner for his work
with the Paul Winter Consort and a professor at the Berklee College of Music in
Boston.

Rae is an American singer and multi-instrumentalist. She grew up in a musical
family where country music and rock 'n' roll were prevalent and has spent the
last 20 years studying all facets of folk music. She has a degree in film
scoring from Berklee College of Music and won the National Scottish Fiddle
Championship.

Clark comes from a family rich in music. She lived in Sweden as a child and was
drawn to Celtic music in her teens. She plays the Irish flute, penny whistle,
accordion and piano.

DeMarco's mom came originally from County Limerick, Ireland, and inspired his
love for Celtic music. When he was a boy, she frequently sang in Gaelic and
loved to play the fiddle and piano. He plays the fiddle, guitar, cittern and
piano.

Admission is $17 for adults ($13 for seniors and children under 12) in advance
and $20 ($15) at the door. Tickets are available at Village Square Booksellers
in Bellows Falls, Toadstool Bookshop in Keene, N.H., Brattleboro Books, Misty
Valley Books in Chester, atwww.brattleborotix.com or at the door.

For information, visitwww.stonechurcharts.org or call 802-463-3100.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Kentucky

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 26, 2012 Thursday

Fiddling championship meshes past, present

BYLINE: Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 777 words


July 26--John Paul Jarboe counted Herman Alvey Sr. among his friends.

Alvey's influence led the 65-year-old Philpot man to switch to the fiddle about
10 years ago, when arthritis began making playing the guitar more and more
difficult.

"In his later years, he was one of the best friends I had," Jarboe said of the
man he'd known for about 50 years.

And that made winning the "Herman Alvey Award" for taking first place in the
senior division of Saturday's Twin Lakes National Fiddler Championship a little
more special.

The award, for the top fiddler age 65 and older, was named for the longtime
Grayson County resident and nationally known musician and fiddle maker.

Before Saturday's competition, Jarboe's best finish had been a third-place win
in Indiana a couple of years ago.

He had a little help from his old friend in taking home this trophey -- he was
playing on a fiddle Herman Alvey made.

"I bought it off him," Jarboe said. "It cost me $2,000."

The "Herman Alvey Award" was one of several recognitions given Saturday, July
21, during the inaugural Twin Lakes National Fiddler Championship.

Dan Kelly of Greenbrier, Tenn., received the "Bud Meredith Showmanship Award,"
named in honor of Grayson County native Bud Meredith, who played with artists
ranging from Pee Wee King to Faron Young, had a 15-year stint at Renfro Valley,
and won the Burl Ives National Fiddling Contest in 1963.

Twin Lakes Regional Medical Center CEO Stephen Meredith received the "Leo Mudd
Citizenship Award," named for the retired Kentucky State Police trooper,
motivational and anti-drug speaker, and community volunteer.

The winner of the championship fiddle-off, Maddie Denton of Murfreesboro, Tenn.,
received the "Jodie Hall Award," named for the founder of the Official Kentucky
State Championship Old-Time Fiddlers Contest, respected authority on old-time
string music, and competition judge.

The winning bluegrass band, Mr. French's Bluegrass Band of White House, Tenn.,
received the "Lonnie Peerce Award," named for the Grayson County native and
founder of the Blue Grass Alliance.

Early estimates are that several thousand people attended the day-long festival,
held around the courthouse square in downtown Leitchfield.

Steven Elder, one of the event's organizers, said the turnout was great and to
expect a return championship next year.

"Given that we had 10 weeks to pull it together, it was a phenomenal success,"
Elder said.

They were also happy with the number of vendors, and noted the festival gave
community groups the opportunity to raise several thousand dollars in one day.

Elder said organizers are considering some changes in next year's lineup,
including possibly offering categories or performance times for other
instruments, and more entertainment such as dancing.

Winners in the 2012 Twin Lakes National Fiddler Championship were:

Small Fry Fiddle ( Ages 8 and under)

1. David Lin, Lexington

2. Eli Park, Lexington

Junior Junior Fiddle (Ages 9 to 12)

1. Amber Adkins, Lexington

2. Ivy Phillips, Chapmansboro, Tenn.

3. Matthew Lin, Lexington

4. Josiah Newman, Scottsville

5. Bengamin Lin, Lexington

Junior Fiddle (ages 13 to 17)

1. Bethany Breakall, Lexington

2. Andrew Lin, Lexington

3. Alicyn Newman, Scottsville

4. Samantha Cunningham, Versailles

5. Allie Hagan, Nicholasville

Young Adult Fiddle (18 to 39)

1. Maddie Denton, Murfreesboro, Tenn.

2. Doug Fleener, Leitchfield

3. Joel Whittinghill, Bowling Green

4. Cody Marriott, Ava, Mo.

5. Tyler Andal, White House, Tenn.

Adult Fiddle (40 to 64)

1. Dan Kelly, Greenbrier, Tenn.

2. Marcia Denton, Murfreesboro, Tenn.

3. Michael Schroeder, Louisville

4. Carl Smith, Georgetown

Senior Fiddle (65 and over)

1. John Jarboe, Philpot

2. John Steuver, Knottsville

3. John Lanham, Dillshore, IN

Championship Fiddle-Off

1. Maddie Denton

2. Bethany Breakall

3. Dan Kelly

4. Amber Adkins

5. John Jarboe

Bluegrass Bands

1. Mr. French's Bluegrass Band, White House, Tenn.

2. Someday Soon, Greenbrier, Tenn.

3. Higher Ground, Leitchfield

4. String Theory, Lexington

5. Balaam's Mule, Olaton

Dancing -- Junior (Ages 16 and under)

1. Shelby Dunn, Fairview, Tenn.

2. Ivy Phillips, Chapmansboro, Tenn.

3. Alysa Matheny, Fairview, Tenn.

4. Kati Huntley, Loretto, Tenn.

5. Raygan Sellers, Goodlettsville, Tenn.

Dancing -- Adult (Ages 17 to 40)

1. Chris Stewart, Nashville, Tenn.

2. Joey Jonke, Murfreesboro, Tenn.

3. Jennifer Campbell, Nashville, Tenn.

Dancing -- Senior (Ages 41 and over)

1. Tommy Jackson, Franklin, Tenn.

2. Dennis Rhodes, Hawesville

3. Pam Jaggers, Falls of Rough

4. Gerald Rhodes, Philpot

___ (c)2012 the Grayson County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) Visit the Grayson
County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) at www.gcnewsgazette.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120726-SY-Fiddling-championship-meshes-past-present-0726-20120726

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SY


          Copyright 2012 Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Ky.

                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                November 2, 2005

Fiddling's future is a reel challenge

SECTION: Features; Music; Others; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1298 words


Scotland has produced some of the finest fiddlers and the greatest composers of
fiddle tunes the world has seen, but some fear that young players are now
forsaking their traditional heritage in favour of more-formal orchestral styles,
writes Mike Lowson The concert review in a major daily newspaper was the sort of
thing to send any Scottish fiddler totally pizzicato with glee.

It said: "This performance was a raucous, extemporaneous sampling of authentic
music from the Highlands and Islands of Scotland ... no delayed standing ovation
here; the audience instantaneously rose to its feet with the piece's final notes
... the capacity crowd of young and old dancing before their seats and in the
aisles was certainly a sight to behold." The review referred not to a stirring
performance in Oban, Inverness, Stornoway or Aberdeen, however, but one that
took place in Alaska. And hardly any of the musicians involved were Scottish.

It was written by Shannon Gramse, of the Anchorage Daily News, after a concert
by the San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers, a 60-strong ensemble formed in the US in
1986 and directed by celebrated Scottish fiddler Alasdair Fraser.

Scotland has produced some of the finest fiddlers and the greatest composers of
fiddle tunes. But while the music is thriving in many parts of the globe, from
San Francisco to Sydney, fears have been expressed about its future here.

At first sight, it seems it is as strong as ever. House Full signs usually go up
whenever a fiddle orchestra holds a concert and CDs featuring today's finest
players sell well. Last month, however, the Aberdeen Strathspey and Reel Society
- one of the country's largest - held a concert in the Aviemore Centre. Ticket
sales were so poor that there was almost as many people on stage as in the
auditorium.

That could be down to a variety of reasons, but could it suggest interest is
waning, especially as there are growing difficulties attracting young players,
as fiddle societies must compete with hundreds of other musical and non-musical
pursuits for a youngster's attention? The Aberdeen society was founded in 1928
and has 90 members, the youngest about nine and the oldest now 94. It rehearses
on Monday evenings from September until May.

Vice-president Graeme Henderson has been a member for 15 years, during which
time he has toured with the society at home and abroad. Members perform not only
in small groups at small venues such as church halls - more than 180 such events
were held last year - but also much larger concerts, such as the annual rally in
Aberdeen, the biennial Fiddler's Spectacular with the Elgin and Banchory
societies and the annual society concert.

Graeme said: "Currently, we have about 20 juniors, but it is becoming much
harder to attract new young players to join. Without an injection of young
blood, things will decline." He added: "We are not here to teach people how to
play the fiddle; we are here to teach them to enjoy Scottish music and we hope
that they will learn about their culture and heritage and discover that being
part of a group can be relevant and fun." Fiddle music's popularity in Scotland
took a knock after the Reformation, when the Church believed it to be a
precursor to dancing, of which stolid churchmen heartily disapproved. The music
was frowned upon and many instruments destroyed. The tradition also declined for
much of the 20th century, but has revived in the past 25 years.

This revival could fade, however, if new, young players don't come forward in
numbers.

Many groups, including the major fiddle societies, are trying hard to promote
fiddle music.

One such is the National Centre of Excellence in Traditional Music, based at
Plockton High School. It was established in May, 2000, with funding of £500,000
over three years from the Scottish Executive's Excellence Fund and assistance
from Highland Council.

Another group working hard to keep traditional music to the fore is the
Inverness-based Highland Music Trust, a charitable body established for the
encouragement of Scottish national and traditional music and run on a voluntary
basis by Eric and Helen Allan. They are both players with the Inverness Fiddlers
and Scottish music group Birl and have helped publish a number of new
collections of Scottish traditional music.

Their latest work is a compilation of some hidden gems of 18th and 19th-century
Scottish fiddle music. It brings together collections produced originally by
seven fiddler-composers from across the north - William Christie, of
Cuminestown, Isaac Cooper, from Banff, Grantown's Angus Cumming, Charles Grant,
from Knockando, Donald Grant, from Elgin, James Henry, from Garmond, and
Invernessian William Morrison.

Meanwhile, some of today's brightest talents, such as Aly Bain, Paul Anderson,
Dougie Lawrence and Jean-Ann Callender, follow in the footsteps of giants such
as Neil and Nathaniel Gow, and James Scott Skinner.

Scott Skinner, the Strathspey King, was born at Banchory-Ternan in 1843 and
composed more than 700 tunes. In fact, the founder of the Aberdeen Strathspey
and Reel Society, Alex Sim, was a pallbearer at his funeral in Aberdeen's
Allenvale Cemetery in 1927.

But last year, when Graeme inquired why youngsters were seemingly becoming more
reluctant to join the Aberdeen society, he had a shock.

He said: "We heard from various sources that music teachers in Aberdeen schools
were unwilling for children to join traditional music groups because it might
make it more difficult for them to get through their grade exams.

"It seemed there was a fear that traditional music might dilute more-formal
playing styles." He added: "I just don't agree, because diversity is the key to
so many good things. If a child has a French mother and a Scottish father then
by the time they are six years old, say, they are bilingual.

"I am the last one to stop youngsters playing whatever they want, but it seems
they have been told that they would be stopped from having fiddle lessons
through their schools if they joined a society like ours." But the director of
Aberdeen City Music School, Stephen Pinnock, denies fiddle playing takes second
place to classical orchestral work.

He said: "These fears have no foundation as far as the music school is
concerned. Several of our classical violinists at the school are also excellent
fiddle players".

His view is echoed by Aberdeen City Council.

A spokesman said: "Although there are different techniques involved in playing
classical violin and traditional Scottish fiddle playing, it doesn't follow that
there has to be a conflict of interest.

"In fact, pupils become more proficient with their chosen musical instruments by
enjoying and exploring all types of music.

"It is part of good musicianship to be able to adapt to different styles and the
council encourages the learning and playing of all musical traditions on the
violin." Such a ringing endorsement of traditional fiddle music is music to
Graeme's ears.

He said: "I think playing both styles can only enhance a youngster's playing."
Being associated with one of the major fiddle-playing societies or even a
smaller group also helps build social skills, he added, as does interaction with
other members.

"The most important thing we value is enthusiasm - those who have that and enjoy
their playing will love being involved." Graeme said: "After all, an orchestra
is probably the only thing where everyone has a part to play and everyone is
valued equally - no one can play faster or slower or louder or quieter than they
should, so it is a true team effort." And having today's young people learn
discipline and skill in an enjoyable environment is something every adult can
endorse, he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                  © Copyright 2005 Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Corning Observer (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 23, 2012 Tuesday

BRIEF: Fiddle championship starts Thursday

BYLINE: Corning Observer, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 124 words


Oct. 23--The 30th annual Western Open Fiddle Championships are coming to the
Tehama District Fairgrounds on Thursday, Friday and Saturday.

From left, Rich Reynolds, Pat Scott and Tex Ash perform during the Oct. 9 City
Council meeting in recognition of the event and to be presented with a city
proclamation declaring those dates as Western Open Fiddle Week, in the City of
Corning.

The proclamation states, "Western Open draws fiddlers and fans, ages 3 to 93
from throughout the Western United States and Canada to Tehama County."

For more information, call the fairgrounds at 527-5920.

___ (c)2012 the Corning Observer (Corning, Calif.) Visit the Corning Observer
(Corning, Calif.) at www.corning-observer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121023-YF-BRF-Fiddle-championship-starts-Thursday-1023-20121023

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YF


                        Copyright 2012 Corning Observer

                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            November 26, 2004 Friday

Childsplay brings top fiddle talent to Latchis

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 474 words

DATELINE: BRATTLEBORO


Childsplay returns to Brattleboro for a violin concert extravaganza, on
Thursday, Dec. 2, at 7:30 p.m., at the Latchis Theater, 50 Main St. For more
information, visit www.childsplay.org.

Childsplay features 35 of the world's best fiddlers, performing on instruments
all handcrafted by the same world-class violinmaker, Boston luthier Bob Childs,
whose artistry was recently featured on the cover of Fortune Small Business
magazine.

The cabaret-style concert presents virtuoso musicians in a world-tour of styles,
including six of the most prominent living Swedish fiddlers performing the
mesmerizing traditional music of Sweden, as well as several of Vermont's finest
fiddlers, including Mary Lea, Keith Murphy, Sam Amidon, Naomi Morse and Roger
Treat, accompanied by Keith Murphy on guitar, mandolin and piano.

Additionally, Amidon is featured as an actor and fiddler in the
soon-to-be-released motion picture, "American Wake," by Maureen Foley.

Also performing will be highly accomplished fiddlers from all over the United
States, representing Appalachian, Bluegrass, Irish, Scottish, Acadian, Cape
Breton and American Old-Time fiddle styles, as well as vocalists Aoife O'Donovan
and Joyce Andersen, renowned Appalachian dancer Amy Fenton-Shine, Irish step
dancers and All-Ireland champion Irish harpist Kathleen Guilday.

Among the many musicians, some of the featured performers include All-Ireland
fiddle champion Sheila Falls-Keohane, and Boston-based fiddlers Mark Simos, who
won the prestigious Cliff Top Fiddle contest in West Virginia last year, and
Hanneke Cassel, the National Scottish fiddle champion.

Tickets are $15 in advance, $18 at the door, and are available at Maple Leaf
Music, 23 Elliot St., and World Eye Bookshop, 156 Main St., in Greenfield, Mass.
Tickets are also available by sending SASE to Childsplay, c/o Mary Lamey, 58
Village Brook Lane, Unit 15, Natick, MA 01760. Call [508] 653-3482.

Thirty years ago, Bob Childs embarked on journey as an apprentice violinmaker
--a luthier -- and so began a lifetime exploration that would lead him to
perfect the precise art of sculpting fine violins.

Today, the dark and soulful sound of his meticulously crafted violins fetch some
$14,000, and his violins are sought after among the most passionate and talented
violinists in the world.

He and his performing group Childsplay have attracted the attention of national
and international media, including a very notable feature on the cover of
Fortune Small Business magazine this summer.

Childsplay includes the very best violinists and fiddlers in their respective
styles, all performing on Childs' custom-built violins.

Childsplay performs year-round at festivals and concerts, culminating in the
annual New England concert tour that assembles 35 virtuoso violinists from all
over the world.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.

                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              Grayson County News Gazette (Leitchfield, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Fiddle contest earns national certification

BYLINE: Matt Lasley, Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


Feb. 01--The Twin Lakes National Fiddler Championship, held annually in
Leitchfield, recently received national certification ahead of its upcoming
sixth year.

Founded in Leitchfield, which was designated "The Fiddling Capital of Kentucky"
by the Kentucky State Legislature, the Twin Lakes National Fiddler Championship
received national certification from the National Oldtime Fiddlers' Contest in
Weiser, ID.

The Certification and Advisory Board, in cooperation with the National Oldtime
Fiddlers' Contest, established the plan of certifying fiddling contests to
ensure that oldtime fiddling activities throughout the nation were being
coordinated in a professional and positive manner, according to Ed Carnes,
contest director of the Twin Lakes National Fiddler Championship.

Certification by the National Oldtime Fiddlers' Contest requires certain rules
and methods be followed and has a heavy emphasis on judging guidelines, Carnes
said.

"The fact that we have a very successful competition that adheres to the
National's rules and standards smoothed the way for our continued certification
approval," said Carnes. "We were looked at closely, we were reviewed extremely
favorably, and we were approved for another year. We are the only Nationally
Certified fiddle competition in the entire state of Kentucky."

Carnes said that being a Certified contest means the winners of each of the
contest's fiddle categories will receive special recognition during the U.S.
National Championship.

The recognition for a winner includes the following: National Certificate of
Award; inclusion in the special Certified Showcase Contest during the National
Contest; a special ribbon at the National Contest to identify him or her as a
Certified winner; prepaid registration to the National Contest; and the
year-long display of his or her picture in the National Oldtime Fiddlers'
Contest Hall of Fame in Idaho and at the yearly contest.

"Winning a certified contest is highly attractive to fiddlers and has given even
more emphasis to an event that is now one of the major fiddling events in the
entire region," said Carnes. "Strong support from the community, city and county
government, and world-class musicians and music enthusiasts makes sure that
Leitchfield is the place to be every third Saturday of July."

The 2017 Twin Lakes National Fiddler Championship will be held on Saturday, July
15 on Leitchfield Public Square, beginning at 9 a.m.

Reach Matt Lasley at 270-259-9622, ext. 2015.

comments powered by Disqus

___ (c)2017 the Grayson County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) Visit the Grayson
County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) at www.gcnewsgazette.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170201-SY-Fiddle-contest-earns-national-certification-0201-20170201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SY


                   Copyright 2017 Grayson County News Gazette

                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                              June 4, 2012 Monday

Eddy Poirier has a great ear for music

BYLINE:

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 489 words


Eddy Poirier picked up the fiddle and never looked back.

He was just seven when he started to play. His dad, Vital, was a fiddler and so
his first-born son was eager to follow in his footsteps. A very musical family,
Eddy never took lessons, but mastered the instrument.

"I always liked the fiddle," he recalls. "I always tried to make little fiddles
when I was a kid, take a board or a shingle or something and try to make
something. It never would work, but you could try. There was no such thing as
little fiddles like they get now, so I had to learn on a full-size fiddle. I had
a good ear. I could distinguish all different notes."

He played his first square dance at age 12, and there was never any question
that music would continue to play a major role in his life. During his 20's
there were "a lot of square dances" in his native Rogersville. He'd also gotten
an inexpensive little guitar when he was 11 which he learned to play
straightaway to accompany a fiddler if need be.

The Toronto music scene eventually beckoned and he moved to Ontario in 1966.
Upon returning to Moncton in 1974, where he still makes his home, he started The
Bluegrass 4.

Not surprisingly there was plenty of TV exposure, including CBC's weekly La
Country Show as it came to be called, from 1977-1984, and regular appearances on
The Carroll Baker Jamboree, Countrytime, and Up Home Tonight.

He also performed "in the States different times", and along the way he "learned
how to play the five-strong banjo, bass, drums and accordion - whatever was
needed in a band, I would tackle it."

Eddy Poirier was inducted into the New Brunswick County Music Hall of Fame in
1990.

Aside from his music, he drove transport truck for several years in both Canada
and the U.S.

Now retired, music is more of a pastime although he will perform with his son,
Terry, now living in Lexington, Kentucky, with his band, Newtown, and Eddy's
grandson, Brian, this July at the Nova Scotia Bluegrass &Oldtime Music Festival
in Bible Hill, and subsequently at the Old Mill Bluegrass Festival in Moncton on
July 30th.

There's also the Poirier Family Band with Eddy and his wife Rose (singer), their
son Robert (there are actually five grown children: Stella, Robert, Richard,
Terry and Monique), grandson Brian, and guitarist, Ron Arsenault. They "chase
the festivals and we do a lot of benefits and stuff".

As well as performing, Eddy also repairs some musical instruments, just taking
"what I can handle."

He's been told that he could tune mandolins when he was four or five years old,
because of his great ear for music.

Playing now for 61 years, Eddy Poirier is still very serious about his music.

"I'm very serious when I play music - you'll get no smile, no grin out of me,"
he says. "I sit there and I give it all I've got."

? 15 Minutes of Fame is published every week. If you have a candidate please
contact Linda Hersey via e-mail at news@timestranscript.com or by calling
859-7149.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Stolen fiddle had done some hard, hopeful traveling

BYLINE: John Kelly

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 826 words


Don't call the musical instrument that was stolen last week from  Jimmy Betts's
car a "violin." It's a fiddle.

"Fiddles are meant to be out and about in the world," Jimmy said. "Fiddles are
meant to get down and dirty, creating music. Violins, generally, are meant to be
kept in an orchestra pit."

And Jimmy's fiddle most definitely got around. Jimmy's a community activist and
climate-change protester, and he carried his fiddle with him on a 3,300-mile
walk from California to Washington. It accompanied him as he trudged through the
Mojave Desert. It was strapped to his back as he dodged thunderstorms in
Colorado. It entertained crowds in small towns across the country as part of the
Great Climate March.

Then, last week, someone smashed the driver's-side rear window of Jimmy's Honda
Civic while it was parked in the District's Columbia Heights neighborhood and
helped himself to the fiddle. The thief also stole $300 in cash from the car's
center console.

Not cool, man.

Every day it seems that someone is arriving in Washington via unconventional
means to deliver a message: on foot, by bike, by kayak, by gyrocopter. It's a
long American tradition, and if the message is sometimes obscured by the method,
well, occasionally the method gets the person some ink. Like today.

Jimmy, 31, is from Omaha. He instructs people in meditation, martial arts and xi
gong, a traditional Chinese health practice, though he prefers not to be called
a "teacher."

"I have issues with ego worship," he said. "I'm more of a guide as opposed to a
teacher."

Anyway, one of his students (guidees?) was a luthier named  Michael Richwine ,
who owns a company called KC Fiddles. When Jimmy decided to pick up an
instrument two years ago, he purchased a fiddle from Michael.

"I'm an adult learner," Jimmy said. "It's my very first instrument. Also, I
picked it very specifically to have as a tool to share in the process of what
people consider activism or community organizing."

Bigger than a harmonica but more portable than a tuba, a fiddle struck Jimmy as
the perfect thing to carry across the country. He had it when the Great Climate
March left Los Angeles on March 1, 2014, and played it with an ad hoc group of
musicians called the Climate Justice Gypsy Band. He played a waltz at a same-sex
wedding in Joshua Tree National Park.

Music, Jimmy said, serves as a useful bridge for reaching people. If  Woody
Guthrie's  guitar killed fascists, Jimmy's fiddle was designed to kill fracking.

The number of marchers waxed and waned over eight months as participants joined
for various segments. Jimmy was one of about 35 people who did the entire trip,
ending up in Washington on Nov. 1.

Since then, Jimmy has been involved in organizing "actions" on the East Coast. A
frequent target is the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. ("A rogue agency,
owned and operated by the industry," Jimmy said.) He thinks he must have been
with a group of protesters who were blocking North Capitol Street near FERC's
headquarters when his car was broken into.

All told, the KC Fiddles Bluestem fiddle, bow and case were worth about $1,500,
though the fiddle has priceless sentimental value. Jimmy filed a police report,
and he's been looking on Craigslist to see if it turns up there. He's called a
few pawnshops, too.

They say a conservative is a liberal who has been mugged. I wondered whether
this unfortunate episode had changed Jimmy's outlook. After all, here he is
doing what he thinks will make the world a better place, and someone busts his
window and swipes his precious musical traveling companion. Are humans worth
saving? Is he disappointed in his fellow man?

"I've had a little time to think about that very question," Jimmy said. "I would
hope wherever the fiddle may end up, it can bring some form of joy and
expression to whomever finds themselves playing it, in whatever community they
may be living in. I can't hope that it will be returned. I do know that if
something was stolen from me, someone needed it more than I did. I don't hold it
against them. It's a symptom of a larger problem, of how these systems oppress
people in our country."

Still, Jimmy Betts misses that fiddle.

Give a little bit

If you want to donate to a good cause without lifting a finger, you're in luck.
Well, you will have to lift a finger, tap a keyboard, click a mouse. June 4 is
Do More 24 day, a 24-hour online-giving marathon for Washington-area charities
that's organized by the United Way of the National Capital Area.

More than 600 nonprofits are participating. Starting at midnight, you can go to
domore24.org and search by nonprofit name, category and Zip code. Among those
taking part are two Washington Post Helping Hand stalwarts: Community of Hope
and Sasha Bruce Youthwork.

The donations go straight to the charities, not to United Way. Last year's Do
More 24 raised $1.1 million.

john.kelly@washpost.com

Twitter: @johnkelly

ï...OE For previous columns, visit washingtonpost.com/johnkelly.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Weiser Signal American (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 1, 2015

Second time is a charm for this years swing fiddler

BYLINE: Weiser Signal American staff

LENGTH: 671  words


Katie Glassman's rendition of "Sweet Georgia Brown" and "I'll See You in My
Dreams" in the final round earned her first place in the popular swing fiddling
competition at the National Oldtime Fiddlers' Contest.

The second time around was evidently the charm for Glassman, who finished as the
runner-up last year in the 18 and older division to James Mason of Vancouver,
Wash.

Glassman, of Denver, Colo., is also a top five National Grand Champion finalist.
In 1998, she was the junior champ at NOTFC and took the young adult title in
2001. She is a Colorado state fiddle champion, as well as the winner of the
Walnut Valley and Rockygrass fiddle contests.

She has been playing the fiddle for about 27 of her youthful 34 years.

What got her interested in swing fiddle? It's timeless music, she said, and she
"loves the era" of swing fiddle and when it began. The lineage goes back to
Dixieland and ragtime, the great roots of American music.

"It has the country and fiddle influences. I just love the context of swing
music and the melodies," Glassman said.

She also loves the improvisation that goes on with swing fiddling, and when she
does improvise she "hopes for the best." She's cites as her musical influences
jazz violinists and musicians like Joe Venuti, who was playing in the 1920s, and
Stuff Smith, a fiddler in the 1930s.

In college, she said she was playing a lot of jazz, but in the last decade, she
said she's really focused on western swing. Of course, she mentions the
legendary Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys as a tall icon wearing a cowboy hat
in the swing genre. He just might be the godfather of Texas swing music.

A tie for second and third place in the final round of the swing fiddling
competition on June 25 forced a play-off. The judges were stuck on two players,
Luke Price and Karl Kummerle.

Both Price, who is the reigning 2014 National Grand Champion, and Kummerle each
had to play a round of two tunes. They drew for order of play, with Price taking
the stage first. Price took second place in the play-off and Kummerle won third
place.

The tie occurred when Price was assessed for a time penalty in the second round
of the swing competition. He played for 5 minutes, 34 seconds, which is over the
time limit and is dinged for a 20-point penalty.

The three judges assessing the talent in the swing fiddling division were
looking for swing feel, creativity, overall ability and impression, and giving a
diversity bonus for tunes that were not similar. Each fiddler played two
contrasting songs in each round.

Rounding out the top five in the adult swing division were Jesse Maw, of
Kalispell, Mont., who won fourth place, and Paul Anastasio, of Shoreline, Wash.,
who took fifth place.

Glassman fiddles frequently at dances and plays in a couple of bands -- the
Western Flyers based in Texas and Katie Glassman and the Snapshot in Colorado.
She's recorded two CDs, one with her original songs and another with old
standards. She even covered an old Elvis rockabilly tune from his early Sun
Record sessions. She's also a music instructor.

"Honestly, I just hope to stay inspired with music," she said, of her future
ambitions.

The under age 17 division was won by repeat winner Justin Sherfey, who took the
title last year in the swing fiddling contest's inaugural event. Sherfey resides
in Spokane, Wash.

C.J. Neary, who is 9 years old, took second place, while Ben Shu won third
place. Rounding out the top five were Celeste Pena in fourth and Cara
DiGiovanni, who traveled all the way from Greenbrier, Term., in fifth in the
under 17 division.

Swing fiddling was introduced last year at the NOTFC. It is a fun category that
allows plenty of improvisation and is considered a highly danceable form of
fiddle music.

There are various definitions for swing fiddling and where it came from, its
imprecise roots. The influences on the genre include jazz from the major urban
centers of the United States. Its stylistic origins lie in old time, western,
blues, folk, swing, Dixieland and jazz from the 1930s and 1940s.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEI

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 Weiser Signal American

                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           November 17, 2005 Thursday
                                 SECOND EDITION

Local bluegrass musician has played for presidents

BYLINE: By Nick Pistor SPECIAL TO THE POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 455 words

DATELINE: SHILOH


To the surprise of some, the Metro East area has become a hotbed of bluegrass, a
traditional form of country music taking cues from jazz, using fiddles and
acoustic guitars. On most weekend nights, people come from all around to listen
to the back country sounds of one man: George Portz.

Portz and his group "George Portz & His Friends of Bluegrass" feature a fiddle,
two guitars, a bass fiddle and a banjo. They perform 60 shows a year -- mostly
in the bistate area.

The group performs bluegrass, traditional country, and Cajun music -- all
unplugged.

"We're all acoustic," Portz said. "It's a welcome change for people to hear
something that's not electric."

Portz won a national competition for fiddlers in 1982 in Springfield, Ill.

"My family kind of turned me onto it. There are four generations of fiddle
players in my family," Portz said.

Portz, who lives in Shiloh and is a retired coach at Collinsville High School,
taught two of his three children, Jason and Kaitlin, to play the fiddle.

"It's special to pass that on in the family," Portz said.

Throughout his years of playing professionally, Portz has mingled with some of
the greatest stars in bluegrass. In 1973, he played concerts in Washington for
the Smithsonian Institution with Bill Monroe, the recognized founder of modern
bluegrass music.

"To play with the man who invented bluegrass was a true achievement," Portz
said. "He's a legend in country music."

While Portz was in Washington, he played in the White House for President
Richard Nixon. "Watergate was really heating up, but the president came down and
listened. He didn't stay long afterward, but it looked like he got a break from
things," Portz said.

Portz, 50, also has played for President Ronald Reagan. Today, he limits his
playing, which includes the signature song, "Orange Blossom Special," to local
audiences.

Not only has Portz traveled America to perform with music legends, but also has
taught one.

"I used to show a young girl from Champaign a few things on fiddle," Portz said.
The girl was Alison Krauss.

Portz said Krauss, a Nashville star who is considered a torchbearer for
traditional country music, was "easy to teach" and has become a "dear family
friend."

Krauss became a superstar with her performances on the "O Brother,Where Art
Thou?" soundtrack and has won 14 Grammy awards.

"We paid her $100 once to do a concert" at Southwestern Illinois College, Portz
said. "She later told me that she was paid $10,000 to play at the Fox, and then
we had a good laugh. She's come a long way."

Future performances by Portz and his group include a free concert Saturday at
the United Methodist Church in Belleville and a Dec. 3 performance at the
Mascoutah American Legion Bluegrass Show. Admission is $7.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - George Portz (right) with his "Friends of Bluegrass."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 30, 2011 Thursday

San Jose: Free fiddle jam in Rose Garden on Independence Day weekend

BYLINE: By Lisa Fernandez, Mercury News

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 222 words


The Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers Association will be jamming for free on Sunday
at the Rose Garden Park on Naglee Avenue in San Jose from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.

Richard Brooks, president of the nonprofit association, is inviting anyone to
come and enjoy music from fiddlers of all ages.

While the Sunday jam is free, any donations made to the nonprofit group is
appreciated, Brooks said, because much of that money would be used to purchase
new sound equipment.

Just before Christmas, someone broke into a San Jose storage locker and ripped
off about $4,000 worth of the association's speakers, microphones and mixers. No
one's fiddle was stolen; fiddlers keep their instruments with them at home.

Brooks said he hopes to buy new equipment before Labor Day, which gives the
group enough time to practice before the annual Youth Fiddle Contest Nov. 6.

The Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers Association, which bills itself as the only
independent fiddlers association in the state, was founded 38 years ago to
revive, preserve, teach and enjoy traditional music. Unlike other fiddle
associations, it accepts not only old-time fiddle music, but also country music,
bluegrass, Western swing, Celtic, Scandinavian and other traditional styles.

For more information, click on www.fiddlers.org (formerly www.scvfa.org).

Contact Lisa Fernandez at 408-920-5002.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  November 15, 1995, Wednesday, Final Edition

Famed Fiddler Injured at GOP Rally Settles for $725,000

Michael D. Shear, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. D05

LENGTH: 474 words


A case involving Oliver North, a 600-square-foot American flag, a world-renowned
fiddler, Mother Nature and the Virginia GOP was settled Monday night for $
725,000, after more than three years of legal maneuvering.

Tommy Williams, who played the fiddle for 23 years on the "Hee Haw!" television
show, will receive compensation for injuries he received when a scaffold
collapsed on him at a Virginia Republican rally in 1992.

The settlement came after the first day in the trial of a $ 20 million lawsuit
Williams had filed against the Virginia State Republican Party and the GOP in
Suffolk, Va., where North was campaigning for congressional candidates.

"You have to be able to feel them strings with your fingers," said Williams, 57,
who has had two neck operations and says he can no longer play his instrument.
"I'll just break out crying for no reason if I look at my fiddle. I had to take
all my fiddle awards off the wall and I can't listen to fiddle tapes anymore."

Williams's fiddle-playing career -- which included 35 years at the Grand Ole
Opry and 69 "super-picker" awards -- came to an end on Oct. 3, 1992, in the
shadow of a 20-by-30-foot American flag, which had been draped across a
10-foot-tall scaffold. In the audience, 300 people stomped their feet to the
beat of the music.

As he recalls, it was a cool, crisp morning with a slight breeze when he and the
other band members arrived at the rally. But later, the wind mysteriously
whipped up and turned the huge flag into a sail, toppling the scaffold.

"I remember that huge flag was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen," Williams
said yesterday in an interview. "A gust of wind came up, I guess, and the next
thing I knew I was in the hospital. I could never play right again."

The metal scaffold broke bones in his neck and shoulder, causing paralysis in
his left hand that several operations have not been able to correct.

For the last three years, Williams's attorneys have said that the GOP, which
sponsored the rally, was responsible for securing the scaffold to the ground.
Attorneys for the Republicans repeatedly argued that the scaffold was assembled
correctly.

In addition, the GOP argued that the scaffold would never have fallen if several
band members had not tied the bottom corners of the flag to the scaffold to stop
them from flapping.

GOP attorney Richard Cullen said Royal Insurance Co., which represents the
Republicans, agreed to the settlement Monday night even though GOP attorneys
were confident they could win a jury verdict.

Williams, a Democrat, blames Mother Nature as much as he does the Republican
Party.

"If I'd been out racing a motorcycle or drunk in a motorboat, I'd understand,"
he said, marveling at his bad luck. "But I wasn't. I was standing on a stage
with twelve other professional musicians."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post

                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                          November 24, 2004 Wednesday

Top fiddlers converge on Latchis for Childsplay

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 475 words

DATELINE: BRATTLEBORO


Childsplay returns to Brattleboro for a violin concert extravaganza, on
Thursday, Dec. 2, at 7:30 p.m., at the Latchis Theater, 50 Main St. For more
information, visit www.childsplay.org.

Childsplay features 35 of the world's best fiddlers, performing on instruments
all handcrafted by the same world-class violinmaker, Boston luthier Bob Childs,
whose artistry was recently featured on the cover of Fortune Small Business
magazine.

The cabaret-style concert presents virtuoso musicians in a world-tour of styles,
including six of the most prominent living Swedish fiddlers performing the
mesmerizing traditional music of Sweden, as well as several of Vermont's finest
fiddlers, including Mary Lea, Keith Murphy, Sam Amidon, Naomi Morse and Roger
Treat, accompanied by Keith Murphy on guitar, mandolin and piano.

Additionally, Amidon is featured as an actor and fiddler in the
soon-to-be-released, acclaimed motion picture "American Wake" by Maureen Foley.

Also performing will be highly accomplished fiddlers from all over the United
States, representing Appalachian, Bluegrass, Irish, Scottish, Acadian, Cape
Breton and American Old-Time fiddle styles, as well as vocalists Aoife O'Donovan
and Joyce Andersen, renowned Appalachian dancer Amy Fenton-Shine, Irish step
dancers and All-Ireland champion Irish harpist Kathleen Guilday.

Among the many musicians, some of the featured performers include All-Ireland
fiddle champion Sheila Falls-Keohane, and Boston-based fiddlers Mark Simos, who
won the prestigious Cliff Top Fiddle contest in West Virginia last year, and
Hanneke Cassel, the National Scottish fiddle champion.

Tickets are $15 in advance, $18 at the door, and are available at Maple Leaf
Music, 23 Eliot St., and World Eye Bookshop, 156 Main St., in Greenfield, Mass.
Tickets are also available by sending SASE to: Childsplay, c/o Mary Lamey, 58
Village Brook Lane, Unit 15, Natick, MA 01760. Call [508] 653-3482.

Thirty years ago, Bob Childs embarked on journey as an apprentice violinmaker
--a luthier -- and so began a lifetime exploration that would lead him to
perfect the precise art of sculpting fine violins. Today, the dark and soulful
sound of his meticulously crafted violins fetch some $14,000, and his violins
are sought after among the most passionate and talented violinists in the world.

He and his performing group Childsplay have attracted the attention of national
and international media, including a very notable feature on the cover of
Fortune Small Business magazine this summer. Childsplay includes the very best
violinists and fiddlers in their respective styles, all performing on Childs'
custom-built violins. Childsplay performs year-round at festivals and concerts,
culminating in the annual New England concert tour that assembles 35 virtuoso
violinists from all over the world.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.

                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     February 5, 1988, Friday, City Edition

Fiddler sinks bluegrass roots into Florida // Homosassa Springs musician will
stir up a hoedown at state contest this weekend

SOURCE: Special to The St. Petersburg Times

BYLINE: CAMILLE POMACO

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 553 words

DATELINE: HOMOSASSA SPRINGS



HOMOSASSA SPRINGS - From the rocky peaks of Pennsylvania and    Tennessee to the
sandy Florida coast, Bartholomew Vick has spent most    of his life entertaining
with his fiddle.

     The 34-year-old musician and his wife, Cindy, will participate    today,
Saturday and Sunday in the second annual State Championship    Fiddle Contest.
There is no admission charge for the event, which is    sponsored by the
Homosassa Springs Sertoma Club.

     Growing up in the Pennsylvania mountains and later in Tennessee and
Arkansas, Vick learned the basics of bluegrass music and other country
styles.

     Besides fiddling, Vick strums a guitar and soothes a harmonica    while
playing a variety of country and western, bluegrass and    contemporary music.

     The Vicks spend each winter at the Camp 'n Water Outdoor Resort in
Homosassa Springs. They play and sing there frequently throughout the    season.

 Campground residents and visitors respond enthusiastically to    the animated
hoedowns, gliding waltzes and other music Vick plays.

     "One fiddle is as loud as three guitars ... kind of makes you want    to
stomp " Vick says.

     Vick's affection for the traditional American hoedown has deep    roots.
The father of a close friend helped develop the so-called    "mountain" music of
the type carried on today by country-western and    blues musicians, he says.

     Vick says it is not correct to lump together bluegrass, country and
western and the newer bluegrass revival types of music.

     "The best way to learn about them is to turn on a country music    radio
station for a few days and listen," he said. He said it takes    time to discern
the various genres. Each is an individualized medium in    itself, he says.

     Vick recently signed with Air Studios in Hendersonville, Tenn., to
record some of his songs.

     He also collects and repairs fiddles. He has several that are more    than
200 years old and some from Germany and Italy.

      Because age is what gives an instrument its sound, Vick says, he
prefers older fiddles to new ones. Some are not much to look at, but he    says
they are playable and a treasured part of his collection.

     In between playing and repairing fiddles at the Sertoma festival,    Vick
also will draw pictures.

     Mandolin and banjo players will participate in the competition.

 Cloggers from Florida and Georgia will entertain along with bluegrass    bands.


        The Sertoma Club will conduct a drawing every hour during the    weekend
events. And those who contribute more than $ 100 to the club are    eligible to
participate in a grand prize drawing for a new, furnished    house with a good
used car and boat. Proceeds will be used to assist    the speech- and
hearing-impaired.





   The contest will be held on U.S. 19 just south of the old Springs
Restaurant.

        The event begins at 5 tonight and continues from 11 a.m. to 11

L p.m. Saturday and from 11 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Sunday. Food and drinks    will be
available.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES; HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Bob Moreland; Bartholomew Vick and his wife,
Cindy, with fiddle and guitar (ran CI only)

                            Times Publishing Company

                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                          November 17, 2010 Wednesday

Frank Girardot: Mystery of Pasadena WWII veteran solved?

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 523 words


Australian Brian Morris spent the better part of 18 months seeking an American
soldier named James Fiddles of Pasadena.

Except Fiddles apparently never existed.

The name and those of eight other American soldiers is inscribed on a plaque at
St. Christopher's Chapel in Nerimbera, Australia.

The plaque recalls the men's achievements in a variety of athletic contests held
nearby as they recuperated from battle in New Guinea with Japanese forces in
1942. Fiddles won a rope-climbing contest.

But Fiddles might not have been Fiddles at all. There's a pretty good likelihood
he was James Fiddes, a 1939 graduate of South Pasadena High School.

According to WWII enlistment records, Fiddes, a Canadian born in 1920, signed up
for the Army on Oct. 9, 1941.

Those same records show Fiddes had one year of college under his belt and was
employed as a "semiskilled" painter or construction worker.

After returning home from the war, Fiddes lived in Glendora and Covina. He
retired to Prescott, Arizona, and died in 1991.

He was survived by his second wife, Ruth Ann, who subsequently died in 2006 at
the City of Hope in Duarte.

In their later years the couple became preachers and established the "Living
Truth Ministry," according to Ruth's obituary.

Beyond that, details of Fiddes life and service to his country remain shrouded
in mystery.

A stepson, Carl Mangine, of Beaverton, Oregon, recalled Fiddes as
"old-fashioned."

Like so many of the Greatest Generation, Fiddes "was a salt-of-the-earth,
honest-to-God type," Mangine said. "He was a hard worker."

Probably for good reason.

Sixty-eight years ago this week, men from the 126th Infantry, 32nd Division, to
which Fiddes/Fiddles was attached, took on Japanese forces in the Battle of
Buna, in New Guinea.

The 32nd, comprised mainly of National Guard troops from Michigan and Wisconsin
and enlistees who joined in late 1941, spearheaded a campaign through the South
Pacific jungle that was described in detail in a 1945 War Department pamphlet.

"Throughout the operation it was the individual soldier's battle," reads the
account. "Often cut off from his fellows by dense jungle underbrush, crawling on
his belly in the sticky mud, each infantryman had to learn to fight alone."

In a December 1942 dispatch from Associated Press photographer Edward Widdis
told one such story:

"Described as a `Wild Man' at the front and credited with killing between 30 and
40 Japs as his unit (trapped) the enemy ..., Private First Class Orin Sutton of
Charlevoix, Mich., (had his) leg bandaged after he was hit by a machine gun
bullet. He was back in action in less than 24 hours."

Its men like Fiddes/Fiddles and Sutton that Morris, 80, remembered from his
youth and wants to honor in Nerimbera.

"Every year on the Fourth of July a service is held at St. Christopher's to
commemorate the troops there were here protecting us all," Morris said. "I hope
to add a bit of the story of each of the men named on the wall - and how they
came here and what they did after they left so that their sacrifice will be
remembered."

Frank Girardot is editor of the Pasadena Star-News.

*This article was updated on Nov. 18, 2010 at 12:50 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 4, 2008 Saturday

Fiddle or violin? O'Connor does both;
Concert of his original works provides an unusual blend of classical and
American folk traditions.

BYLINE: By Carol Simmons Staff Writer

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 245 words


DAYTON - A Dayton Philharmonic Orchestra program devoted to "fiddle" music begs
the question: What's the difference between a fiddle and a violin?

"About $10,000," goes the old joke, although the classic assertion that a fiddle
dances while a violin sings is more poetic.

But the truth is, there is no difference.

The instrument is the same. The only distinction is in playing style. Fiddling
generally refers to playing associated with ethnic or folk traditions.

For its season-opening SuperPops concert Friday night, Oct. 3, (to be repeated
tonight) the DPO welcomed fiddler/violinist and composer Mark O'Connor to the
Schuster Center to perform a selection of his original works, which uniquely
meld classical and American folk traditions.

O'Connor joined the orchestra, conducted by Music Director Neal Gittleman, for
the second half of the evening, following an opening in which the orchestra
performed a variety of lively classical and light classical works that featured
the violin/ fiddle.

O'Connor's half of the evening included the third movement of his descriptively
titled The Fiddle Concerto, the popular Appalachia Waltz and the sweeping
Fanfare for the Volunteer.

O'Connor's work has passages that suggest Aaron Copland (whose Hoe-Down movement
from "Rodeo" concluded the first half of the program), especially in its
spirited dancing rhythms. But there's a meditative quality as well in the sweet
strains of Appalachia Waltz that feels as timeless as the hills.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             March 21, 2010 Sunday

Old-time fiddling alive in Oroville

BYLINE: By ROBIN EPLEY - Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 501 words


OROVILLE -- Some of them can't even read music, but every one of them can play a
mean fiddle.

Old timers and young 'uns from all over the state   and more than a few from out
of it   gathered this weekend in Oroville's Municipal Auditorium to attend the
44th Annual California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championships.

Nearly 100 competitors, from as young as 4 years old in the pee-wee division to
over 70 in the senior-senior, fiddled and picked their way to gold, silver and
bronze for the coveted title of State Champion. Competitions included fiddling,
guitar picking, twin fiddling and accompanist events, split by age brackets.

PHOTO GALLERY of fiddlers in Oroville

The competition was held by District 1 of the California State Fiddlers
Association, which is "dedicated to the preservation and perpetuation of
old-time fiddle music."

The fiddlers had four minutes in which to play three tunes: a fast hoe-down, a
slow waltz, and a tune of choice that could be neither a hoe-down nor a waltz,
but rather something like a polka, rag or jig. They were accompanied by a guitar
and occasionally a stand-up bass or banjo.

"In judging they score for what they call 'danceability' and rhythm," said
Esther Smith, a former judge from Bakersfield who now helps organize fiddling
competitions throughout the state. "They also judge according to tone quality,
difficulty and versatility."

Judges were cloistered in a back room, with the fiddle music piped in over a
speaker system so they couldn't tell who the player was.

Smith said the competitors were better off playing a simple tune and playing it
well, rather than stumbling through a difficult piece. Her husband is a former
six-time national fiddling champion and occasionally judges.

"It's very thrilling to see these young kids, because that's the future of our
fiddling," she said.

Allison Woodruff, 11, of Oroville, is one of those young kids. Among other
accomplishments, she's traveled to Idaho to compete, taken first place at a
Ukiah event in 2008, and competed Saturday in Oroville's junior-junior bracket.

Her grandfather, Ben Clark, was co-chairman of the event, and said his
granddaughter can listen to a CD one day and come back the next day to play it
on her fiddle, without ever having seen the sheet music for the piece.

Allison said she likes to entertain people and "see the smile on their face"
when she plays.

Wayne Agnew, state president of the California Old Time Fiddler's Association,
believes the fiddling and picking competitions are unique, because they're music
events that children can participate in.

"It's our heritage," Agnew said. "Most people have had a fiddle player in their
family."

Fiddles were the number-one instrument in the early 19th century, he said. "You
could buy it out of a Sears catalogue for $1.95."

"When they came over from Ireland, Scotland and England, they couldn't carry a
piano," Agnew said. "But they could carry a fiddle."

Staff writer Robin Epley can be reached at 896-7761 or repley@chicoer.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ella Campbell, 9, of Coarsegold, practices with Shannon Hall, 10, of
Clovis, as they prepare to compete in the 44th Annual California State Old Time
Open Fiddle and Picking Championships on Saturday. (Jason Halley/Staff Photo)
All Chico E-R photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 20, 2012 Sunday

BRIEF: Varied styles of music at Early Bird Fiddle Festival

BYLINE: Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 168 words


May 20--About 1,000 people enjoyed an afternoon of live music Saturday during
the 30th Early Bird Fiddle Festival at the Berks County Heritage Center.

The event featured bluegrass and folk music along with Irish and Celtic music on
stage and in the field and culminated in a fiddle competition, according to
Cathy Wegener of the Berks County Parks and Recreation Department, which
sponsored it.

Maggie Angstadt finished first in the 10-and-under age category, while her
brother, Daniel, topped the 11-to-18-year-old category.

Katie Johnston of Williamsport was first in the 19-and-over category and also
won the Mountain Folk Radio and website award for the best in traditional
Appalachian or Irish style.

A number of local and regional bands performed different styles of music
featuring the fiddle throughout the day.

There was also a pig roast and arts-and-crafts vendors.

___ (c)2012 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120520-RE-BRF-Varied-styles-of-music-at-Early-Bird-Fiddle
-Festival-0520-20120520

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2012 Reading Eagle

                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Portales, News-Tribune (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday

Q&A: Fiddlin' student has eyes on fame

BYLINE: Eric Norwood Jr., The Portales News-Tribune, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 497 words


Oct. 01--Coby Carter, a freshman at Eastern New Mexico University, may be headed
for the big time as a member of StateLine, a country music band from Eastern New
Mexico and West Texas. The youngest member and only Portales native has been
playing the fiddle for the group for only a few months, but has held his own,
while working full-time, and starting college in August at ENMU. StateLine
recently won the state competition of the 32nd Annual Texaco Country Showdown, a
national country music talent search that country stars such as Brad Paisley and
Garth Brooks have participated in, according to the web site of the event. If
StateLine wins the regional event Oct. 19 at the Shuler Theater in Raton, the
band will win an all-expenses paid trip to Nashville to compete for the title of
"Best New Country Act in Music."

How did you join the StateLine Band?

I had known Matt Wolfe, one of the lead guitarists, for as long as I could
remember. At the beginning of the summer they kind of called me up, and asked
me, and that was how it happened.

What's your musical background?

I been playing the fiddle for ten years. I started out as a little kid on the
piano, and one day I just asked my parents to play the fiddle. They got me a
fiddle and a teacher and it kind of took off from there. I also play the
mandolin, and a little guitar. I've also played the aIto and tenor saxophone and
I sing a little bit, too.

Where are you trying to take your music career?

Well right now, being in this Texaco Country Showdown, our main goal is to get
to Nashville for nationals. That is pretty much our focus for now, to make it
big. Everybody has dreams.

Did you always have musical dreams?

Pretty much, ever since I started music it was a dream, but it was at the back
of my mind. I've seen how rough of a road a musician's life is and I don't
really know if that is where I want to go with my life. I think I'd like to get
a degree and a career as a back-up plan and if we go big, great and if not, I'll
have something to fall back on.

How is college life so far?

College life is hard. There is a lot of homework involved with college. It's
tough to balance everything, going to school fulltime, and working fulltime, and
we've got band practice and performances and church, so it's a little tough.

How do your parents feel about your musical career?

They are behind me 100 percent. They are like me they've seen what its done for
some musicians as far as that long road, and they don't want that to happen to
me, shoot I don't want it to happen to me, but as long as I keep my head on
straight and keep everything in line they are fine.

Who is in your IPod right now?

I listen to the Randy Rogers Band. Of course George Strait. We might not have
enough time to go into all my music, I've got about 6,000 songs on here. Alan
Jackson, Stoney LaRue.

___ (c)2013 The Portales News-Tribune (Clovis, N.M.) Visit The Portales
News-Tribune (Clovis, N.M.) at www.pntonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131001-PV-Q-A-Fiddlin-student-has-eyes-on-fame-1001-20131001

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PV


                          Copyright 2013 The Portales

                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Tennessee: LMU MUSIC RESCHEDULES THE FRETLESS CONCERT FOR FEBRUARY 29

LENGTH: 300 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: Lincoln Memorial University, The state of Tennessee has issued the
following news release:



 The Lincoln Memorial University (LMU) Music Program will present The Fretless
in concert on Monday, February 29, 2016, at7:30 p.m. in the Sam and Sue Mars
Performing Arts Center in the Duke Hall of Citizenship on LMU's main campus in
Harrogate, Tennessee. The concert is free and open to the public.





 The Fretless is an award-winning group taking Canadian and Celtic fiddle tunes
to fascinating new places. The Canadian folk quartet is comprised of Karrnnel
Sawitsky (fiddle), Ivonne Hernandez (fiddle), Eric Wright (cello) and Trent
Freeman (fiddle). They have toured extensively and recently were nominated for a
Western Canadian Music award. The Fretless released its first album in 2012 and
a follow-up in 2014 and are currently finishing up a third. The band is known
for turning well-known fiddle tunes and folk melodies into intricate, lush and
exciting arrangement.



 The performance will consist of a range of tunes selected from their first two
albums and a sneak peak at tunes from their upcoming third album. The concert
will also feature the band's "old time jams" segment where The Fretless play
improvised and energetic sets of traditional Old Time Canadian, American and
Celtic tunes.



 Lincoln Memorial University is a values-based learning community dedicated to
providing educational experiences in the liberal arts and professional studies.
The main campus is located in Harrogate, Tennessee. For more information about
the undergraduate and graduate programs available at LMU, contact the Office of
Admissions at 423-869-6280 or e-mail at admissions@lmunet.edu



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Tennessee: LMU MUSIC RESCHEDULES THE FRETLESS CONCERT FOR FEBRUARY 29

LENGTH: 300 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: Lincoln Memorial University, The state of Tennessee has issued the
following news release:



 The Lincoln Memorial University (LMU) Music Program will present The Fretless
in concert on Monday, February 29, 2016, at7:30 p.m. in the Sam and Sue Mars
Performing Arts Center in the Duke Hall of Citizenship on LMU's main campus in
Harrogate, Tennessee. The concert is free and open to the public.





 The Fretless is an award-winning group taking Canadian and Celtic fiddle tunes
to fascinating new places. The Canadian folk quartet is comprised of Karrnnel
Sawitsky (fiddle), Ivonne Hernandez (fiddle), Eric Wright (cello) and Trent
Freeman (fiddle). They have toured extensively and recently were nominated for a
Western Canadian Music award. The Fretless released its first album in 2012 and
a follow-up in 2014 and are currently finishing up a third. The band is known
for turning well-known fiddle tunes and folk melodies into intricate, lush and
exciting arrangement.



 The performance will consist of a range of tunes selected from their first two
albums and a sneak peak at tunes from their upcoming third album. The concert
will also feature the band's "old time jams" segment where The Fretless play
improvised and energetic sets of traditional Old Time Canadian, American and
Celtic tunes.



 Lincoln Memorial University is a values-based learning community dedicated to
providing educational experiences in the liberal arts and professional studies.
The main campus is located in Harrogate, Tennessee. For more information about
the undergraduate and graduate programs available at LMU, contact the Office of
Admissions at 423-869-6280 or e-mail at admissions@lmunet.edu



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Corning Observer (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 22, 2014 Wednesday

BRIEF: Proclamation honors Fiddle Week

BYLINE: Corning Observer, Calif.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 185 words


Oct. 22--In preparation for the 32nd annual Western Fiddle Championships taking
place at the Elks Lodge in Red Bluff Oct. 18-25, Corning adopted a proclamation
on Oct. 14 honoring the event.

The proclamation reads, "The Western Open draws fiddlers and fans, age 3 to 93
from throughout the Western United States and Canada to Tehama County."

This is the 18th year the event will take place in Tehama County, and will again
be supported by the California State Old-Time Fiddle Association.

Tex Ash, who performed in a trio during the City Council meeting, said there are
people coming from as far away as Kentucky to be judges during the event.

"Billy and the Hillbillies are coming from Disneyland to perform on Oct. 20, at
7:30 p.m. They put on quite a show," he said.

The competition features music ranging from hoe-down to waltzes and the polka.

"We love to share our love of music with others," said Rich Reynolds, who
performs with Ash.

___ (c)2014 the Corning Observer (Corning, Calif.) Visit the Corning Observer
(Corning, Calif.) at www.appeal-democrat.com/corning_observer/ Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141022-YF-BRF-Proclamation-honors-Fiddle-Week-1022-20141022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YF


                        Copyright 2014 Corning Observer

                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 29, 1998 Friday

LENGTH: 319 words


INTERNATONIAL PEACE GARDEN -- The 23rd annual International Old-Time Fiddler's
Contest is scheduled for June 5 and 6. The fiddle contest attracts many of the
finest fiddler's from the central states and provinces of North America, as well
as about 2,000 visitors. Fiddlers, young and old, compete for cash prizes and
trophies. Judges for the event are Crystal Plohman from Glenboro, Manitoba and
Nashville, Tenn.; Jimmie Tengesdal from Minot; and Kay Werre from Fullerton.

All three judges are champion fiddlers who will perform during the contest.
Friday night special guests during the Fancy and Showmanship Competition will be
the ""Fantasy Fiddlers'' from Brandon, Manitoba. Daily tickets are $7 and
all-event tickets are $13. Plohman has studied violin since age 6. She competed
in fiddle contests throughout Canada and the northern U.S., consistently placing
in the top five, including first runner-up at the Canadian Grand Masters. She
lives in Nashville, Tenn., teaching country fiddling at the Blair School of
Music -- Vanderbilt University, and performs with Nashville's top musicians such
as Chet Atkins, Ray Price, Suzy Boggus, Eddy Arnold, Don Everly and K.T. Oslin.
Tengesdal has competed in numerous state and national competitions, finishing
among the top 10 fiddlers in five of seven national contests. A prolific
champion, Kay Werre's accomplishments include winning the National Invitational
Fiddle Contest in Yankton, S.D., the N.D. State Fiddle Championship; and
numerous competitions at the International Old-Time Fiddlers Contest. She was a
semi-finalist at the Weiser, Idaho, National Old Time Fiddling Contests in 1994
and 1995. The fourth annual Fiddle School and Workshop, taught by Plohman, will
take place before the contest on Thursday and June 5. For more information, call
838-8472 or write the winter office of the International Music Camp at 1725 11th
St. S.W., Minot. N.D. 58701.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                              July 31, 2011 Sunday

Folk Festival: Texas' Quebe Sisters wow crowds with virtuosity, harmonies

BYLINE: By Jocelyn Rousey, Sun Correspondent

SECTION: TOP

LENGTH: 568 words


LOWELL -- "It's a sin to tell a lie," sang the Quebe Sisters in a tight,
three-part harmony, their voices echoing off the concrete walls around the JFK
Plaza.

It was a sunny Saturday afternoon, and Grace, Sophia and Hulda were closing
their first show at the Lowell Folk Festival with one of their favorite songs.
They tucked their fiddles under their arms and leaned into the microphones.

One glance around the audience, and it was clear that it would be both a sin and
a lie to call the band anything less than a great summer folk-festival act.

There were tapping toes a-plenty, lots of smiles, and next to the stage, a
father twirled his young daughter on the dance floor.

"You gotta like women who can play fiddle and wear cowboy boots," said Tim
Kness, sitting in the grass outside City Hall after the show.

Kness and his good friend, Freeda Squires, were among a number of other couples
tempted onto the dance floor by the Texas fiddle trio.

"It's hard not to dance to it," Kness said.

Grace, 25, Sophia, 23, and Hulda, 20, have been wowing audiences across the
country for years. Introducing them at the top of the show, a festival official
joked that after being featured on A Prairie Home Companion and playing at the
Grand Ole Opry, "The Quebe Sisters are finally ready for the Lowell Folk
Festival."

The trio began playing fiddle 13 years ago after seeing a competition. Hulda,
who was only 7 at the time, said they had never been interested in playing
fiddle before that. They even got the terminology mixed up.

"We thought it was a violin," Hulda said with a laugh.

But within a few years of picking up the instrument, each of the sisters was
winning state, regional and national fiddle competitions. Eventually, their
longtime musical mentor and three-time fiddle-playing world champion Joey
McKenzie encouraged them to start playing together and taking gigs.

Today, McKenzie joins the sisters on stage, his upbeat rhythm guitar keeping a
driving beat behind the girls' fiddle playing. Filling out the lower registers
of the band is Drew Phelps on the upright bass. Not to be outdone by his
bandmates, Phelps can boast of playing with the Duke Ellington Orchestra, the
Dixie Chicks and Mary Williams.

What really makes the Quebe Sisters' act pop isn't just their technical prowess
on the fiddle. To be sure, Hulda got a standing ovation from the audience
yesterday after a fast-paced, foot-stomping instrumental duet with McKenzie. But
strings aside, the moment the sisters stop playing and start singing, you'd
think you had stepped back in time to an era of vinyl records and ragtime beats.

The trio has often been compared to the boogie-woogie queens The Andrews
Sisters.

And adding vocals to their act has only made the group far more versatile
compared to other fiddle bands.

"It gives us a broader repertoire," Grace said.

A typical Quebe Sisters show spans many genres, from western swing to bluegrass
to old fiddle jigs from across the pond.

With more versatility comes more opportunities to play, and the trio said they
enjoy life as professional musicians.

"One night, we might be playing some small theater, the next a private party,"
Sophia said. "The diversity makes it so interesting."

The sisters, who have family nearby in Framingham, said they are particularly
enjoying the outdoor venue of the Lowell Folk Festival.

The Quebe Sisters Band plays today at 3:15 p.m., at the St. Ann's Churchyard
Stage.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Quebe Sisters Band, from front, Grace, Sophia and Hulda, perform at
JFK Plaza yesterday at the 25th annual Lowell Folk Festival. The festival ends
today. SUN/tory Germann Sun staff photos can be ordered by visiting our
MyCapture site.
The Quebe Sisters Band of Texas, from left, Hulda, Sophia and Grace, play at JFK
Plaza yesterday during the Lowell Folk Festival. SUN/tory GermanN Sun staff
photos can be ordered by visiting our MyCapture site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            November 7, 2010 Sunday

A foot-stomping time as young fiddlers compete in San Jose

BYLINE: By Sharon Noguchi snoguchi@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; San Jose - Valley; Peninsula; Alameda County;
News; Local; Entertainment; Music

LENGTH: 632 words


If you were looking for an antidote to Sunday's dreary weather, you should have
moseyed on down to the cafeteria of Hoover Middle School in San Jose.

There you could have tapped your toes to 7-year-old Jacqueline Li playing "Blue
Goose," or cavorted to Elvin Hsieh's "Dill Pickle Rag," or raised your heartbeat
to Shawyon Ritter's 170-beats-per-minute version of "Morrison's Jig."

At the ninth annual youth fiddle contest of the Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers
Association, any one of the 22 fiddlers could have brought up your mood with
their get-down, hoedown fiddling.

First, stomp out those memories of screechy "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star." These
Charlie Daniels wannabe's ranged from the matter-of-fact naturals to virtuosos
who fiddle for the love of it.

"I get depressed if I go too long without playing," said Angelina Cress, 13, of
Campbell, who placed fourth in the under-16 age division. She was inspired to
take up the violin at age 3 when she heard a fiddle player while riding a train
in Oregon. Now she plays to relax from her studies and sometimes plays with her
sisters Juliana, 14, and Alicia, 11.

April Zhang, 6, only looked like she could be the subject of her piece, "Fly
Around My Pretty Little Miss." Clad in a plaid skirt, carnation pink sweater and
pink tights, and accompanied on guitar by her dad, Yong Jun Zhang, the San Jose
first-grader said she wasn't scared on stage in front of about 100 people.

Likewise, Elvin, who attends Crittenden School in Mountain View and has played
for five years, is a veteran performer. He placed first in the under-11 category
-- just like last year.

Is there a lot of pressure?

"I'm used to it," the 11-year-old said.

Each contestant played two pieces by heart: one fiddle tune and one piece of
their choosing. They were judged on style, rhythm, intonation, tone and the
difficulty of the pieces.

The competition was stiff, especially among the older players. Only a few points
out of 400 possible separated the winners, contest organizer Pete Showman said.

The singing fiddles belied their difficulty. "It's hard to get good tone out of
those small violins," said Steve Joynes, one of the judges.

For the audience, the hardest thing was abiding by the contest rules: No
applauding between a contestant's two numbers. Inevitably, a spontaneous
hand-clap burst out, or a restrained "Yeah!"

Finally, when the judges performed during breaks, the audience could express
unrestrained enthusiasm.

The Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers Association, the only independent fiddlers
association in the state, was founded 37 years ago to revive, preserve, teach
and enjoy traditional music. Unlike other fiddle associations, it accepts not
only old-time fiddle music, but also country music, bluegrass, Western swing,
Celtic, Scandinavian and other traditional styles.

Inspiration for young musicians abounded, including the judges jamming during
breaks and the Schwartz family of Walnut Creek playing "Angeline the Baker": dad
Bob on guitar; mom Gail on bass; Nate, 16, on the mandolin; Max, 12, on the
banjo and Tessa, 7, on the fiddle and vocals. Tessa placed first in the
under-age-8 division.

Then there was Griffin Stoller, who during a break made double-stops sound easy
with "Catharsis," a contemporary Celtic piece. The 15-year-old from Belvedere in
Marin County picked up a violin at age 2, and then won the association's contest
six years in a row, including in divisions older than his age.

"He won so many times we had to change the rules," said Richard Brooks,
association president. Now a fiddler can win only three years in a row, then
must sit out a year.

Fiddling, Griffin said, "is really fun for me. You can always take it to the
next level. There's no end to what you can do to make your songs more
challenging."

Contact Sharon Noguchi at 408-271-3775.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Oak Grove Bluegrass group, comprised of members of the Schwartz
family, perform at the 9th annual Youth Fiddle Contest, sponsored by the Santa
Clara Valley Fiddlers Association, at Hoover Middle School in San Jose, on
November 7, 2010. (LiPo Ching/Mercury News)
April Zhang, 6, performs in division I at the 9th annual Youth Fiddle Contest,
sponsored by the Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers Association, at Hoover Middle
School in San Jose, on November 7, 2010. (LiPo Ching/Mercury News)
From left in foreground, Peter Forrest, Mike Maurier and Curtis Leslie play
outside the auditorium at the 9th annual Youth Fiddle Contest, sponsored by the
Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers Association, at Hoover Middle School in San Jose, on
November 7, 2010. On the first Sunday every month, members of the Santa Clara
Valley Fiddlers Association get together and jam. In the background Joyce Lin,
11, prepares for the contest. (LiPo Ching/Mercury News)
Division III contestant Angelina Cress, 13, competes at the 9th annual Youth
Fiddle Contest, sponsored by the Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers Association, at
Hoover Middle School in San Jose, on November 7, 2010. Cress performed "Snow
Bird on the Ash Bank" and "Wizard's Walk." (LiPo Ching/Mercury News)
From left, Division I contestants and parents, April Zhang, 6, Jacqueline Li, 7,
Dianne Chao, and Grace Hsieh, 9, warm up and prepare for the 9th annual Youth
Fiddle Contest, sponsored by the Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers Association, at
Hoover Middle School in San Jose, on November 7, 2010. (LiPo Ching/Mercury News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               April 8, 2004 Thursday Five Star Late Lift Edition

(PHOTOS ONLY) FIDDLE BATTLE

SECTION: ST. CLAIR-MONROE POST; Pg. 7

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photos by BOB FEHRINGER - FIDDLE BATTLE/ (1) Members of the
Thunder and Lightning Cloggers from Shiloh perform at George Portz's 25th annual
Knights of Columbus Fiddle Contest and Bluegrass Show Saturday in O'Fallon./ (2)
Bubba Hopkins (from left), 14, of Spavina, Okla., Cody Marriott, 17, of Ava,
Mo., and Kyle Link, 15, of Lebanon, Mo., warm up before the start of the fiddle
contest./ (3) Gloria Bathon, 10, of Nashville, concentrates on her performance
Saturday at the fiddle contest. Musicians ages 8 to 88 participated in the
contest. "This is old-time country fiddling, part of our nation's heritage,"
Portz said. "It's a combination of a lot of fun with the cloggers and the
harmonica players, the fiddling competition and the bluegrass show." Kyle Link
won the under-17 competition, and Cody Marriott won the adult category.

                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            December 8, 2009 Tuesday

Martin discusses album at Regulator

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 612  words


By Cliff Bellamy

cbellamy@heraldsun.com; 419-6744

DURHAM -- Wayne Martin has been immersed in the traditional music of North
Carolina's Piedmont since the early 1970s, when he began playing the fiddle. In
1988, Martin joined the staff of the Folklife Program at the North Carolina Arts
Council (where he is now the folklife director) and began recording the
stringband music of the region.

Among the many musicians Martin (and other documentarians) recorded were fiddler
Joe Thompson (mentor to the Carolina Chocolate Drops) and cousin and banjo
player Odell Thompson, fiddler Lauchlin Shaw, banjo player A.C. Overton,
guitarist Fred Olson, and many others. Some of those field recordings have now
been digitized and are available on a two-disc release titled "Going Down to
Raleigh: Stringband Music In The North Carolina Piedmont 1976-1998," put out by
Pine Cone (Piedmont Council of Traditional Music), of which Martin also is one
of the founders.

Martin will discuss the field recordings documented on this new CD Thursday at
The Regulator Bookshop on Ninth Street. A short concert of traditional music
will follow the discussion. Joining Martin will be his wife Margaret (probably
on banjo), and fiddler Evelyn Shaw, daughter of Lauchlin Shaw.

Shaw's father "was an incredible second fiddle player" who was still playing
dances in the '50s and '60s, Martin said in a phone interview. Thursday, Evelyn
Shaw will reflect on growing up in a family that "had come to the Cape Fear
River Valley from Scotland in the early 1800s and had this fiddle music
tradition," Martin said. He and Evelyn Shaw likely will play a two-fiddle piece
at the event.

On several recordings on the CD, Martin plays guitar or fiddle with the Shaws
and other musicians. Other documentarians who made recordings are Barry Poss,
Bob Carlin and Wes Lachot. Jeff Carroll took the tapes, housed in the state
archives, and put them in digital form. Martin praised the sound quality
compared to the analog tapes. "They're very close to what the original sounds
like, " he said. "That saved a lot of valuable fieldwork."

Martin and other members of Pine Cone wanted these recordings released publicly
to create more awareness of the Piedmont stringband tradition. Martin led the
project and produced the CD, which comes with liner notes Martin wrote,
biographies of all the musicians, and details about each individual performance.

North Carolinians have what Martin calls "a big awareness gap" when it comes to
this indigenous music. "We are known around the country as one of the hotbeds of
string band music," he said. "Part of the point in releasing the record is a lot
of people who live in the area don't realize that." He would like for the state
to make better use of that musical history when it markets itself to the world.

When he originally made these recordings, Martin said he thought about making
CDs for each artist, who would then use them to get income and perhaps some
festival appearances. "But what I didn't really count on was that most of them
really didn't want that as much as I wanted that for them," Martin said.

Listeners get a good sense of the diversity of styles and influences --
European, African-American and Native American traditions -- and the diversity
of instruments (harmonic and hammered dulcimer), Martin said. "The artists
benefited from being presented together. ... You're hearing a lot of different
sounds to engage your ear," he said.

The counties represented on the recording are Alamance, Orange, Randolph,
Chatham, Wake, Lee, Harnett and Hoke. Martin said he also has recordings from
eastern North Carolina, but getting those digitized is a project for another
time.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Durham Herald Co.

                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Derry Journal

                             June 26, 2012 Tuesday

The Bluffer's Guide to NAFCo

LENGTH: 441  words


So the North Atlantic Fiddle Convention 2012 has finally arrived - after months
of organising and a fund-raising effort which has been a phenomenal success.

The budget is there, more than £400,000 of it, which has helped to create what
is the greatest celebration of fiddling the world has ever seen (we think).

The fiddlers are coming into town, the concerts and sessions are organised. All
that remains is for you to get out there and enjoy a very special musical
celebration.

Here's just some of the stuff that's on. For the full caboodle, check out the
NAFCo website www.nafco2012.com

NAFCo hub

That's the Millennium Forum, where there will be a trade fair running until the
weekend with all sorts of fiddle-related merchadise. If you ever wanted to talk
to anyone about your Stradivarius (and there was a Stradavari in town last
weekend, worth a seven figure sum) now's your chance.

Session trail

There are sessions happening across Derry, in Inishowen and probably a few other
places. Some are organised (see website for details), others will happen off the
cuff. Have a wander round and check it out.

Tuesday

It's all starting tonight in McGrory's in Culdaff in what promises to be a
sizzler of a night. Apart from the formalities, which tend to be quite informal
at NAFCo, you've got A Taste of NAFCo'. There's one of the hottest fiddle bands
on the planet, Blazing Fiddles, with Cathal Hayden from Four Men and a Dog, Tola
Custy from Clare and the wizard himself, Dezi Donnelly. And that's only the
start - Lau from Scotland, Habadekuk from Denmark and many more. John Sheahan
from the Dubliners is doing the honours at the opening. 9pm

Wednesday

One of the biggest names in Irish fiddle playing internationally is Martin
Hayes, who's from Clare but living in Seattle at the last count. His partnership
with guitarist Denis Cahill has wowed crowds across the world, and the pair are
just one of the acts in A Feast of Fiddles' at Sandinos. Alasdair Fraser is a
Scottish fiddle legend, also based in the States, and his partnership is with
the stunning cellist Natalie Haas. Plus Four Men and a Dog, musicians from
Quebec and Denmark and the rest. 9pm

Thursday

Fiddle and Feet brings the best of local dancers together with some of the top
visiting acts, including Frikar from Norway. The outstanding Shetland fiddler
and composer Chris Stout has a new work for the occasion, and the great dancer
Brendan de Gallai has a dance piece. And, as usual, lots more. If you like your
dancing, you can't miss this one. 8pm

Weekend

What we can say is that the Saturday bus trip is not for the fainthearted!

More about the weekend's activities in Friday's paper.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INJF


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 14, 2016 Tuesday

BRIEF: Headwaters Fiddle Camp performance Friday

BYLINE: The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 122 words


June 14--BEMIDJI -- The students and teachers of the 2016 Headwaters Fiddle Camp
will perform at 4 p.m. Fridayat Headwaters School of Music and the Arts, 519
Minnesota Ave. NW. The fiddle campers will perform a selection of Celtic,
Scandinavian and American fiddle tunes. Admission is free.BEMIDJI -- The
students and teachers of the 2016 Headwaters Fiddle Camp will perform at 4 p.m.
Fridayat Headwaters School of Music and the Arts, 519 Minnesota Ave. NW. The
fiddle campers will perform a selection of Celtic, Scandinavian and American
fiddle tunes. Admission is free.

___ (c)2016 The Bemidji Pioneer (Bemidji, Minn.) Visit The Bemidji Pioneer
(Bemidji, Minn.) at www.bemidjipioneer.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160614-JI-BRF-Headwaters-Fiddle-Camp-performance-Friday-0614-20160614

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                         Copyright 2016 Bemidji Pioneer

                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 May 18, 1995, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

HERITAGE: FIDDLE CONTEST AMONG LEWIS & CLARK EVENTS

BYLINE: Esther Talbot Fenning St. Charles Post Special Correspondent

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 903 words


St. Charles river man Pierre Cruzatte won the admiration of his fellow voyagers
on the Lewis and Clark expedition for his expertise with the fiddle as well as
for his river skills.

"Cruzatte entertained every night and actually introduced the fiddle and the jig
to the Indians," said Mimi Jackson, director of the Lewis and Clark Center in
St. Charles.  "The Indians were amazed as they watched the men dance, clasp
arms, and do the jig. It was so different from Indian dances."

In generations past, fiddlers like Cruzatte were important figures in the
community.  Fiddle competitions were as common as hoedowns, barn raisings and
"Turkey in the Straw." They drew folks from far and wide.

A fiddle contest scheduled for 2 p.m. Sunday in the South Main Street Gazebo
will re-create the early 19th century music of Pierre Cruzatte. Amateur and
professional fiddlers are welcome to register at 1 p.m.

The contest is one of the re-enactment activities at the annual Lewis and Clark
Heritage Days. The event runs from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday (and Sunday in the
Frontier Park/South Main area of St. Charles.

Some 20 to 30 fiddlers from 17 years old to 85 are registered to participate in
the contest. They come from outstate Missouri, Kansas and Illinois among others.
They will entertain, compete for cash prizes, compare styles, jam and share
their repertoire much as they did when Pierre Cruzatte fiddled in the same area
of St. Charles.

Jean Douglas, who heads the fiddlers contest, said more than 200 people gather
every year to hear the fiddlers. This is the 11th annual fiddlers contest.

"Many people stumble on the contest and then come back year after year," Douglas
said. "Some come just to watch the fiddle contest and have no idea it's one of a
larger schedule of events."

Lewis and Clark Heritage Days commemorate the encampment of the famous
expedition. William Clark and Meriwether Lewis and their party mapped the
Louisiana Purchase, called by some "the world's largest real estate deal."

Other activities include battle skirmishes, military and civilian encampments,
flag ceremonies, a parade and a non-denominational church service. Visitors can
sample dishes of the period, observe crafts demonstrations and participate in
children's activities. A replica of the keelboat used by Lewis and Clark will be
on display.

Violin maker Geoffrey Seitz won the Lewis and Clark fiddler contest three times
and judged the event once. Seitz, of south St. Louis, has been a fiddler and
violinist for 18 years and is the recognized local authority on the history of
fiddle-playing.

Seitz explained that old-time fiddle style comes from square and barn dances and
parlor music and is the root of today's bluegrass. "It's not known as
traditional American music. Most tunes that are played in these contests, for
example, are anonymous. Some are hundreds of years old and have been passed down
in this country in an oral tradition similar to storytelling, " he said.

Even before America was settled, the fiddle contest was popular in Europe, Seitz
said.

"Before television and movies, the fiddler in the community provided the escape
from the day-to-day toughness of life," Seitz said.

Seitz said a couple of famous black fiddlers came from Missouri. "Slaves played
fiddle music because they weren't allowed to have drums. Plantation owners
feared they could use them for communication," Seitz explained.

Largely because of the advent of mass communications, fiddling styles, like
colloquial speech, became more homogenized, Seitz said, making it difficult to
differentiate among regions.

"There are thousands of tunes. The Missouri style tends to be a lot like the
French, where there are many notes in a tune and horn pipes are popular," he
said. "The Ozark style is more rhythmical in the Appalachian tradition."

Although criteria for judging fiddling contests vary with each judge, technique,
style, music, timing and tone are taken into consideration, Seitz said.

"The music should be somewhat traditional and something you can dance to," he
said. "Good fiddle music makes it very hard to keep your feet still."

Pierre Cruzatte may have played for members of the expedition during their
five-day encampment in St. Charles before their departure, Jackson said.

"I'm looking for a fiddle to put in the museum to honor Pierre - a notable St.
Charles citizen whose fiddle was the first to travel to the Pacific Ocean and
back.

Lewis And Clark Heritage Days Schedule Saturday 11 a.m. LI Grand Parade Main
Street Fife-and-drum corps, crafters, re-enactment groups, and Newfoundland dogs
will march. Noon LI Flag-raising ceremony Frontier Park 1 p.m. LI Military
Skirmish Frontier Park 2 p.m. LI Fife-and-drum corps muster Frontier Park 5 p.m.
LI Retreat Flag-lowering ceremony Frontier Park Sunday 9 a.m. LI Ecumenical
church service Frontier Park parade ground 10 a.m. LI 1804 flag-raising ceremony
11 a.m. LI Fife-and-drum corps march Main Street 2 p.m. LI Fiddle competition
South Main Gazebo (Registration at 1 p.m.) 4 p.m. LI Departure ceremony Frontier
Park 5 p.m. LI Retreat 1804 flag-lowering ceremony Daily: Children's activities
including frontier skills, games and demonstrations, keelboat tours, crafts
demonstrations, period foods, and a Lewis and Clark Postal Station with a
specially designed cachet.

Note: The above schedule is subject to change.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                             April 7, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Lapp It Up

BYLINE: Christine Skorepa, The Citizen

SECTION: PG A&E; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 541  words


Sounding like something out of a Dr. Seuss children's book, famous fiddle player
Daniel Lapp, will be playing the flumpet during the PGSO concert Saturday night
at 7 at Vanier Hall.

The flumpet, a hybrid between a flugelhorn and a trumpet, is Lapp's latest pride
and joy when it comes to instruments and he can't wait to show it off at the
concert.

Lapp is best remembered for his rambunctious faux-hawked fiddle performance
during the opening ceremonies of the 2010 Winter Olympics at B.C. Place in
Vancouver in front of 63,000 people live, with millions watching on television.

He said he's had his eye on this spectacularly innovative instrument for 20
years. The flumpet was originally created by Art Farmer and craftsman Dave
Monette of Portland, Oregon made the flumpet Lapp will be playing Saturday
night.

"It's pretty beautiful and has this big sound which I'm really looking forward
to playing at Vanier Hall with the orchestra," he said. "The trumpet hasn't
changed design in probably a hundred years and Monette has brought it to a new
level [with the flumpet]."

There's a vibrancy and vitality to this instrument, Lapp added.

"When you look for a fiddle you look for an older instrument because they get
better with age," he said. "Brass instruments aren't like that. Brass
instruments - for me - are about being innovative and having an instrument at
the cutting edge of technology and this is it [flumpet]."

Lapp will also be playing the fiddle during the Lapp It Up at Vanier Hall with
the Prince George Symphony Orchestra.

"We're going to be doing a couple different things," said Lapp. "I'm going to be
playing my fiddle and my trumpet and the fiddle tunes were both arranged by
Scott McMillan in Halifax."

One is a Scottish medley of tunes and there will be a few surprise guests.

"There will be six local kids who will jump up on stage to perform," said Lapp.
"And also my sister Beverley Eggen will play the piano. One of these pieces I
have played a few times before. It's basically like you'd hear a set of Scottish
Cape Breton tunes with a fiddle and piano but it's embellished with the entire
symphony orchestra. This is straight-up spirited fiddling, one set of Irish
tunes for one medley and a set of Scottish tunes for the other."

Lapp grew up in Prince George playing trumpet for all the high school bands in
town and spent many years performing at Vanier Hall.

"I have a lot of memories in that room from when I was a kid," Lapp said. "I
think I was known more as a trumpet player when I was going to Duchess Park, not
as a fiddle player so much."

The focus on fiddle as a career came after he moved away.

"Fiddling was a family thing for me," he added. "It was more something I did in
the summer time because there was fiddle contests in the summer."

He said he became part of the fiddle revival for the last 20 years and he did
his music degree in trumpet at UVic. He also studied in Humber College in
Toronto.

Now he's playing both instruments pretty much equally again.

This concert features not only the delightful music of Lapp, but will be
complimented by treats from Ohh...Chocolat! as a fundraiser for the PGSO.

Tickets are available at Studio 2880, by calling 250-563-2880 or at the door.
Adults $29, seniors $25 and under 25 $15.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Daniel Lapp, best known for his fiddling  talent, will play
another instrument during the Lapp It Up concert  with the Prince George
Symphony Orchestra Saturday night at Vanier  Hall.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved

                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                             March 15, 2013 Friday

Two-day fiddle, picking championship begins tonight

BYLINE: By BARBARA ARRIGONI-Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 612 words


OROVILLE   Upbeat music is sure to resonate in Oroville today as more than 200
musicians from throughout California gather at the Municipal Auditorium in
Oroville for the 47th annual Open Fiddle and Picking Championship.

The contest runs today and Saturday and is sponsored by the California State
Old-Time Fiddlers Association, District 1.

Early Thursday, a group of students from St. Thomas School helped set up the
auditorium. Oroville Old-Time Fiddlers Association president Larry Jendro was
also there preparing for the kickoff event, a country gospel jam held later in
the evening.

Jendro said the annual championship is held in Oroville because the Fiddlers
Association started in Oroville. It began in the 1960s and has grown to 12
districts stretching from Mount Shasta to San Diego.

He wasn't sure how the competition started, but gave an opinion.

"I can just imagine it was fiddlers, musicians, trying to get kids involved.
They determined that along with content they could set goals and learn new
tunes," Jendro said.

Jendro said the difference between fiddle and picking is that a fiddle is music
played on a violin, and picking is done on guitar, banjo, mandolin and other
stringed instruments.

Jendro began playing fiddle himself 10 years ago at the age of 59, when he first
came to Oroville. At the time, his sister gave him a violin as a present. He
found support in learning to fiddle from the association. Since then, he's
competed three times, but gave that up a few years ago because of the work
involved in organizing the event.

For the fiddle competition, musicians will each play three tunes, with very
little time in between. They'll play a waltz, a "hoe-down" piece and another
tune, all within four minutes, he said.

Jendro said he didn't know the details about the picking competition.

Rules are strict, and the judges will be situated in another room, unable to see
any of the performers.

"It's blind judging," he said. "They know what tunes are going to play. That in
itself is a complicated system, insuring the integrity of the contest."

In addition to the regular contest, there will be an event tonight called
"Anything Goes," where any type of acoustical instrument can be played by an
individual or group. The tunes don't have to fit into the criteria of "old-time
fiddler," he said.

"Two years ago, it was won by a man playing a saw," Jendro recalled, smiling.

What stands out to him with the contest over the years is "watching the kids
develop, the incredible things that young people can do."

"There's a little girl who started playing the fiddle the same time I did," he
said. "I was 59 and she was 4. I have a wonderful memory of this little girl
peeking around the corner as I was playing the fiddle. We looked at each other
and smiled, because we're both fiddlers."

That child, Alison Woodruff, is a teenager now and has become a state champion
fiddler, he added.

Jendro said putting on the Fiddle and Picking Championship is a difficult task.

He credited "wonderful volunteers" from districts throughout the state who come
to Oroville and put the event together.

"It involves a lot of work and dedication," he said.

In addition to the music competition, the local Old-Time Fiddlers Association
will provide breakfast, lunch and dinner at a reasonable price.

The contest is open and anyone can sign up and participate. Musicians must
register 30 minutes before their event starts.

People from other states can also participate, but the California State
Champions all have to be residents of the state.

Admission to the event is free, but donations will be accepted.

Reach Barbara Arrigoni at 533-3136, barrigoni@orovillemr.com, or on Twitter
@OMRBarbara.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Karl Herringer of Gridley jams on the Feather River levee with other
Old-Time Fiddlers on Thursday in Oroville. (Mary Weston/Staff Photo)
Rayburn McDonald and Merrilee Grover (left to right) perform for a crowd during
a country gospel jam, which is the kickoff to the Open Fiddle and Picking
Championship at the Oroville Municipal Auditorium Thursday. (Jason Halley/Staff
Photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             March 15, 2013 Friday

Two-day fiddle, picking championship begins tonight

BYLINE: By BARBARA ARRIGONI-Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 709 words


OROVILLE   Upbeat music is sure to resonate in Oroville today as more than 200
musicians from throughout California gather at the Municipal Auditorium in
Oroville for the 47th annual Open Fiddle and Picking Championship.

The contest runs today and Saturday and is sponsored by the California State
Old-Time Fiddlers Association, District 1.

Early Thursday, a group of students from St. Thomas School helped set up the
auditorium. Oroville Old-Time Fiddlers Association president Larry Jendro was
also there preparing for the kickoff event, a country Gospel jam held later in
the evening.

Jendro said the annual championship is held in Oroville because the Fiddlers
Association started in Oroville. It began in the 1960s and has grown to 12
districts stretching from Mount Shasta to San Diego.

He wasn't sure how the competition started, but gave an opinion.

"I can just imagine it was fiddlers, musicians, trying to get kids involved.
They determined that along with content they could set goals and learn new
tunes," Jendro said.

Jendro said the difference between fiddle and picking is that a fiddle is music
played on a violin, and picking is done on guitar, banjo, mandolin and other
stringed instruments.

Jendro began playing fiddle himself 10 years ago at the age of 59, when he first
came to Oroville. At the time, his sister gave him a violin as a present. He
found support in learning to fiddle from the association. Since then, he's
competed three times, but gave that up a few years ago because of the work
involved in organizing the event.

For the fiddle competition, musicians will each play three tunes, with very
little time in between. They'll play a waltz, a "hoe-down" piece and another
tune, all within four minutes, he said.

Jendro said he didn't know the details about the picking competition.

Rules are strict, and the judges will be situated in another room, unable to see
any of the performers.

"It's blind judging," he said. "They know what tunes are going to play. That in
itself is a complicated system, insuring the integrity of the contest."

In addition to the regular contest, there will be an event tonight called
"Anything Goes," where any type of acoustical instrument can be played by an
individual or group. The tunes don't have to fit into the criteria of "old-time
fiddler," he said.

"Two years ago, it was won by a man playing a saw," Jendro recalled, smiling.

What stands out to him with the contest over the years is "watching the kids
develop, the incredible things that young people can do."

"There's a little girl who started playing the fiddle the same time I did," he
said. "I was 59 and she was 4. I have a wonderful memory of this little girl
peeking around the corner as I was playing the fiddle. We looked at each other
and smiled, because we're both fiddlers."

That child, Alison Woodruff, is a teenager now and has become a state champion
fiddler, he added.

Jendro said putting on the Fiddle and Picking Championship is a difficult task.

He credited "wonderful volunteers" from districts throughout the state who come
to Oroville and put the event together.

"It involves a lot of work and dedication," he said.

In addition to the music competition, the local Old-Time Fiddlers Association
will provide breakfast, lunch and dinner at a reasonable price.

The contest is open and anyone can sign up and participate. Musicians must
register 30 minutes before their event starts.

People from other states can also participate, but the California State
Champions all have to be residents of the state.

Admission to the event is free, but donations will be accepted.

Reach Barbara Arrigoni at 533-3136,barrigoni@orovillemr.com , or on Twitter
@OMRBarbara.

Open Fiddle and Picking Championship

Today at 3 p.m.   Opening ceremony and contest. Fiddle divisions are
Senior-Senior (70 and older), Senior (60c69), with awards at 5:50 p.m.

Saturday at 7:30 a.m.   Registration opens and competition begins at 8 a.m. for
fiddle divisions Young Adults (18-36), Junior (13-17), Junior-Junior (9-12), Pee
Wee (8 and younger), Adult (37-59), Open (any age), Junior Twin (17 and over),
and Open Twin (any age).

The picking competition begins with Open (any age) and Junior (17 and under).
Awards for the above divisions are at 8 and 9 p.m. approximately.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rayburn McDonald and Merrilee Grover (left to right) perform for a
crowd during a country gospel jam, which is the kickoff to the Open Fiddle and
Picking Championship at the Oroville Municipal Auditorium Thursday.(Jason
Halley/Staff Photo) All Chico E-R photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             March 15, 2013 Friday

Two-day fiddle, picking championship begins tonight

BYLINE: By BARBARA ARRIGONI-Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 709 words


OROVILLE   Upbeat music is sure to resonate in Oroville today as more than 200
musicians from throughout California gather at the Municipal Auditorium in
Oroville for the 47th annual Open Fiddle and Picking Championship.

The contest runs today and Saturday and is sponsored by the California State
Old-Time Fiddlers Association, District 1.

Early Thursday, a group of students from St. Thomas School helped set up the
auditorium. Oroville Old-Time Fiddlers Association president Larry Jendro was
also there preparing for the kickoff event, a country Gospel jam held later in
the evening.

Jendro said the annual championship is held in Oroville because the Fiddlers
Association started in Oroville. It began in the 1960s and has grown to 12
districts stretching from Mount Shasta to San Diego.

He wasn't sure how the competition started, but gave an opinion.

"I can just imagine it was fiddlers, musicians, trying to get kids involved.
They determined that along with content they could set goals and learn new
tunes," Jendro said.

Jendro said the difference between fiddle and picking is that a fiddle is music
played on a violin, and picking is done on guitar, banjo, mandolin and other
stringed instruments.

Jendro began playing fiddle himself 10 years ago at the age of 59, when he first
came to Oroville. At the time, his sister gave him a violin as a present. He
found support in learning to fiddle from the association. Since then, he's
competed three times, but gave that up a few years ago because of the work
involved in organizing the event.

For the fiddle competition, musicians will each play three tunes, with very
little time in between. They'll play a waltz, a "hoe-down" piece and another
tune, all within four minutes, he said.

Jendro said he didn't know the details about the picking competition.

Rules are strict, and the judges will be situated in another room, unable to see
any of the performers.

"It's blind judging," he said. "They know what tunes are going to play. That in
itself is a complicated system, insuring the integrity of the contest."

In addition to the regular contest, there will be an event tonight called
"Anything Goes," where any type of acoustical instrument can be played by an
individual or group. The tunes don't have to fit into the criteria of "old-time
fiddler," he said.

"Two years ago, it was won by a man playing a saw," Jendro recalled, smiling.

What stands out to him with the contest over the years is "watching the kids
develop, the incredible things that young people can do."

"There's a little girl who started playing the fiddle the same time I did," he
said. "I was 59 and she was 4. I have a wonderful memory of this little girl
peeking around the corner as I was playing the fiddle. We looked at each other
and smiled, because we're both fiddlers."

That child, Alison Woodruff, is a teenager now and has become a state champion
fiddler, he added.

Jendro said putting on the Fiddle and Picking Championship is a difficult task.

He credited "wonderful volunteers" from districts throughout the state who come
to Oroville and put the event together.

"It involves a lot of work and dedication," he said.

In addition to the music competition, the local Old-Time Fiddlers Association
will provide breakfast, lunch and dinner at a reasonable price.

The contest is open and anyone can sign up and participate. Musicians must
register 30 minutes before their event starts.

People from other states can also participate, but the California State
Champions all have to be residents of the state.

Admission to the event is free, but donations will be accepted.

Reach Barbara Arrigoni at 533-3136,barrigoni@orovillemr.com , or on Twitter
@OMRBarbara.

Open Fiddle and Picking Championship

Today at 3 p.m.   Opening ceremony and contest. Fiddle divisions are
Senior-Senior (70 and older), Senior (6069), with awards at 5:50 p.m.

Saturday at 7:30 a.m.   Registration opens and competition begins at 8 a.m. for
fiddle divisions Young Adults (18-36), Junior (13-17), Junior-Junior (9-12), Pee
Wee (8 and younger), Adult (37-59), Open (any age), Junior Twin (17 and over),
and Open Twin (any age).

The picking competition begins with Open (any age) and Junior (17 and under).
Awards for the above divisions are at 8 and 9 p.m. approximately.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rayburn McDonald and Merrily Stover (left to right) perform for a crowd
during a country gospel jam, which is the kickoff to the Open Fiddle and Picking
Championship at the Oroville Municipal Auditorium Thursday.(Jason Halley/Staff
Photo) All Chico E-R photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Record

                           December 20, 2004, Monday

The Record, Stockton, Calif., business spotlight column

LENGTH: 995 words



Business: Fiddle Fix

Spokesperson: Cecil Rendon, owner

Hours: by arrangement

Information: (209) 462-5886

Established: 1976


QUESTION: Tell me about what you do.

ANSWER: School kids break lots of violins. The biggest problem is that the black
fingerboard usually comes unglued. It's hard for me to remove one, but school
kids can sure do it.

A lot of times it just cracks on top. The top of a violin is made of pine spruce
wood with straight grain and it's easy to break.

Sometimes I take a violin apart sometimes I don't. It's nothing special, but
it's not a thing that very many people do. Whatever happens I fix it. That
doesn't make me an expert but the kids don't make expert breaks.

There is a room in back, full of stuff that's fixed, waiting to be fixed or
waiting to be picked up.

I'm probably the wisest choice for schools, because they're limited on funds. I
don't have to do this to make a living; I enjoy it.


Q: How did you become involved in this?

A: There was a local man, who repaired violins. When my daughter was in high
school, he passed away. I told my daughter she was pretty good with her hands
and this would perhaps be a good opportunity for her to go into business.

Jeanine, 17 at the time, was the only one in town who fixed violins. I had a
western store and I told her I'd give her a room and some equipment to get her
started. She thought about it and she said OK. It was pretty good for a high
school kid.

I started to help her and by the time she was ready to get married, she no
longer needed this little sideline. By then, I was familiar with most of the
school people, since I was there when they brought the instruments in and picked
them up--I made the tags and everything. I felt they were kind of dependent on
me, so I kept doing it. It's more like a hobby.


Q: What is the difference between fiddles and violins?

A: If there is a difference with fiddles and violins is that most fiddles have
steel strings. Traditionally fiddle players were poor as Cajuns and people from
Oklahoma. Steel strings are far less expensive than gut strings or synthetic
strings. Another thing is a lot of people say the bridge on a fiddle is flatter;
it's not necessarily.

If you play fiddle music then it's a fiddle. As a child I had violin lessons and
my teacher always referred to it as a fiddle. I believe I've heard Yitskhak
Pearlman referred to it as a fiddle. It is just an affectionate term. Fiddle
music is not country western, fiddle music is pure, comes from the Irish, the
English, the Welch, and I think some from Iceland or Greenland.

Fiddle music is mostly based on Irish tunes. They just have to be old
tunes--simple and melodic to play. You don't have to go to University of the
Pacific to tap your feet to fiddle music.


Q: What school districts do you serve?

A: I do pretty much all of Stockton Unified. Lately I've been doing a lot for
Lincoln Unified School District and occasionally Lodi School District.

If their budget is higher, they tend to go to people who are more expensive than
I. I have all I want to do anyway. This is kind of a retirement thing.

It's not always eight-hours-a day of one thing.


Q: Do you see changes in your work volume, associated with school decisions
regarding music programs?

A: Teachers are always afraid that programs will get dropped. Apparently they do
discuss it a lot and they do drop programs. But I've seen as many broken violins
as I ever have. Music and arts is always the first thing to go. I guess it's
just not as important to people who want a bottom line.

Maybe they're right. So if you're a musician you better not quit your day job,
because there isn't a whole lot of money in it. Being a musician is a labor of
love and if you're lucky enough to have someone pay you for it then you're just
lucky, that's all.


Q: What are the other services you provide besides fixing fiddles.

A: I do that business up there (pointing to a hypnotherapy certificate). My
first certification was in 1979 from the Hypnotherapist Examining Council as a
Certified Master Hypnotherapist, but I was doing it about 20 years before that
-- 10 or 15 years at least. The next four years later it was Certified
Hypnotherapist by the American Council of Hypnotherapists.

Generally, this isn't something I tell people. If someone asked at a party and I
told them I was a hypnotist, I would almost be a little embarrassed because you
wouldn't know what the next remark would be. If they force me, I tell them it's
one of the things I do, then I tell them not to look into my eyes. I don't do
anything weird; I strictly work with people who are trying to quit smoking,
people who are going into surgery or people who are going to take test.

I've also been in the horse business all of my life as a horse trainer. I'm
still a horse trainer for the San Joaquin County Sheriff's Posse.

I use to announce 45 rodeos a year from Crescent City to Palm Springs. I still
announce motorcycle races occasionally. The first thing I ever announced in my
life was a fashion show.

I've never had a job I didn't like; it's the reason I've always looked forward
to working.

Q: Out of all those things, what is your biggest accomplishment?

A: My kids. Both of them are productive citizens and they're both honest. I did
a lot of things with them. I gave up a lot of things to go to motorcycle races
with my son and to go to horse shows with my daughter; although, I was the one
training horses, Jeanine chose to go with me. She won four state championships
in a row through high school.


-----

To see more of The Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.recordnet.com.

(c) 20042, The Record, Stockton, Calif. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune
Business News. For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800)
661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SK-BIZ-SPOTLIGHT-COL-20041220

JOURNAL-CODE: SK

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                           Copyright 2004 The Record

                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                         September 12, 2007, Wednesday

Appalachian String Band Music Festival winners chosen

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P3

LENGTH: 523 words


The 18th Appalachian String Band Music Festival at Camp Washington-Carver in
Clifftop, Fayette County, concluded on Aug. 5.

During the event, some of the nation's finest string band musicians and old-time
dancers won prizes in four old-time "traditional" contests: fiddle, banjo,
string band and flat-foot dance, plus one "neo-traditional" string band contest.

In addition, ribbons for best original song and best original tune were awarded
in the neo-traditional band category.

More than 3,500 people attended the festival, which began Aug. 1. The annual
gathering features concerts, contests, crafts, dancing and workshops.

Next year's festival will be held July 30 through Aug. 3.

The contest winners were:

Fiddle

1st place ($400) - Mike Bryant, Harriman, Tenn.

2nd place ($200) - Stephanie Coleman, Durham, N.C.

3rd place ($150) - Mark Simos, Watertown, Mass.

4th place ($100) - Chance McCoy, Martinsburg

5th place ($50) - Darin Gentry, Brevard, N.C.

Youth Fiddle - 15 years of age and under

1st place ($100) - Meade Rickter, Sugar Grove, N.C.

2nd place ($50) - Jordan Rast, Lancaster, Pa.

3rd place ($25) - Riannon Fowler, Scott Depot

Senior Fiddle - 60 years of age and over

1st place ($200) - Jim Cauthen, Birmingham, Ala.

2nd place ($100) - Benton Flippen, Mount Airy, N.C.

3rd place ($50) - Walt Koken, Avondale, Pa.

Banjo

1st place ($400) - Adam Hurt, Winston-Salem, N.C.

2nd place ($200) - Brien Fain, Stuart, Va.

3rd place ($150) - Hilarie Burhans, Athens, Ohio

4th place ($100) - Frank Evans, Toronto, Canada

5th place ($50) - Bob Smakula, Elkins

Youth Banjo - 15 years of age and under

1st place ($100) - Frank Evans, Toronto, Canada

2nd place ($50) - Corbin Hayslett, Amherst, Va.

3rd place ($25) - Cole Holland, Athens, Ala.

Senior Banjo - 60 years of age and over

1st place ($200) - Walt Koken, Avondale, Pa.

2nd place ($100) - Jim McKown, Hardy, Ky.

3rd place ($50) - Mac Benford, Trumansburg, N.Y.

Traditional Band

1st place ($700) - New Dixie Entertainers, Harriman, Tenn.

2nd place ($400) - Orpheus Supertones, Avondale, Pa.

3rd place ($300) - Haywire Gang, Natural Bridge, Va.

4th place ($200) - Clef Twangers, Watertown, Mass.

5th place ($100) - Cork Burners, Clay, Ala.

Neo-Traditional Band

1st place ($700) - Old-Time Liberation Front, Lancaster, Pa.

2nd place ($400) - Hound Dog Hill, Churchville, Va.

3rd place ($300) - Pan-Demonium, Greensboro, N.C.

4th place ($200) - The Common Taters, Fayetteville

5th place ($100) - Bull City Six Shooters, Durham, N.C.

Best Original Song

Hound Dog Hill, Churchville, Va.

Best Original Tune

Bull City Six Shooters, Durham, N.C.

Old-Time Flat-Foot Dance - 13 years of age and under

1st place ($75) - Molly McGuigan, Hellam, Pa.

2nd place ($50) - Haley McGuigan, Hellam, Pa.

3rd place ($25) - Rebecca Molaro, Asheville, N.C.

Old-Time Flat-Foot Dance - 14 years of age through 59

1st place ($75) - Ira Bernstein, Asheville, N.C.

2nd place ($50) - Josephine Stewart, Charlottesville, Va.

3rd place ($25) - Ryan Clover-Owens, Ithaca, N.Y.

Old-Time Flat-Foot Dance - 60 years of age and over

1st place ($75) - Thomas Maupin, Murfreesbourgh, Tenn.

2nd place ($50) - Margaret Hale, Ferrum, Va.

3rd place ($25) - Mary Butner, Winston-Salem, N.C.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers

                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              June 3, 2012 Sunday

Fiddlers gather in San Jose to teach new hands old traditions

BYLINE: By Lisa M. Krieger lkrieger@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; San Jose - Valley; News; Local

LENGTH: 661 words


This has been a springtime of heartache in traditional American music, with the
deaths of Earl Scruggs, Doug Dillard and Doc Watson leaving holes as huge as
their talents.

But harmonies of hope could be heard on Sunday afternoon, as young hands
lovingly learned old tunes at a gathering of the Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers
Association in San Jose.

Brightly, with dollops of sheer sweetness, 9-year-old Helen Lude practiced
"Liberty" and "Boil The Cabbage." She was coached by Pete Hicks, 60.

"We'll keep it going," vowed Hicks, who gladly drove the 50 miles from Aromas to
join the dozens of participants. "There's no generation gap in this music."

There are youngsters who perfect the Suzuki method, or who craft a 16-bar
measure of hip-hop until it is as hot as summer asphalt. These are not those
people.

"I just do whichever," said  a laughing Lili Newberry, 8, in a ponytail and
sandals, then launched her fiddle into a sprightly "Old Joe Clark," crooked as a
barn door.

Nearby, 90-year-old Arsie Bigby sat on a bench and fiddled "San Antonio Rose."
The swinging song reminds him of when he was a young man in 1940s-era Tulsa,
Okla., he said, when he heard Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys every lunch hour
on radio station KVOO.

Trading tunes

The gathering of the Fiddlers Association, with 200 members from San Francisco
to Gilroy, offers a formal stage at Hoover Middle School for bands to perform.

But the real action is to be found in the courtyards and under tall shade trees,
where musicians cluster to trade everything from dazzling techniques to lovely
old tunes.

For almost 40 years they've been meeting on the first Sunday of every month. The
association is independent, said President Richard Brooks -- giving it the
freedom to explore many different genres of music.

All this music engages plenty of instruments besides the fiddle. There are also
many guitars, banjos and basses, with the occasional mandolins, Dobros,
recorders and even bongo drums.

Some musicians are beginners, practicing slowly enough for each song to give up
its secret.

Others are more advanced, playing syncopated dance music that's grafted with a
jazzy swing. The afternoon is rich with bluegrass favorites, and even a few
pretty ballads done up in waltz time.

All mourned the loss of Watson, a master of acoustic folk and country music who
brought the guitar from a largely supportive rhythmic role to a lead instrument.
Best known for his flat-picking virtuosity -- fast, precise and deeply melodic
-- he died Tuesday at age 89 in a Winston-Salem, N.C., hospital.

"Doc introduced the guitar as a solo instrument and greatly influenced some of
the greatest musicians," said the Fiddler Association's Brooks, of Palo Alto.

Optimistic future

Watson, Scruggs and Dillard "built the foundation," said Brooks. "They were the
originals -- the people who developed extremely poor rural south Appalachian
music, that was mostly for dance, and cemented it into a performance style."

Their generation etched a deep impression on folk-rockers such as the Grateful
Dead's Jerry Garcia and the Byrds' Clarence White, whose own influences have
rippled out in the musical universe.

"Their impact will continue forever," said Brooks.

While saddened, fiddle teacher Hicks spends a lot of time with tech-savvy kids
who have a deep dedication to tradition -- and is optimistic about the future.

"When you say 'Have you heard Bill Monroe's 1937 version of this song?', they
hold up their phone and say: 'You mean this?' " he said with a laugh. "There are
19-year-old kids who know more about old-timey music than any of us."

"We've lost a lot of our old voices," he said.

"But when you listen to what's coming up," he added, "there's good news."

Contact Lisa M. Krieger at 408-920-5565.

for more information

The next Fiddlers Association jams will be held July 1 and Aug. 5 at San Jose's
Rose Garden Park. To contact the association, call 650-328-3939,
emailpresident@fiddlers.org or go towww.scvfa.org orwww.fiddlers.org .

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lili Newberry, 8, of San Jose, plays fiddle with a circle of adults at
Hoover Middle School in San Jose, Calif. on Sunday, June 3, 2012. The Santa
Clara Valley Fiddlers Association meets monthly for jam sessions. (Jim
Gensheimer/Staff)
In a circle of musicians, Paul Barnett, of San Jose, plays the fiddle with
guitar player Chip Curry, of San Jose, at Hoover Middle School in San Jose,
Calif. on Sunday, June 3, 2012. The Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers Association
meets monthly for jam sessions. (Jim Gensheimer/Staff)
Helen Lude, 9, of San Francisco, takes a fiddle lesson from Pete Hicks at Hoover
Middle School in San Jose, Calif. on Sunday, June 3, 2012. The Santa Clara
Valley Fiddlers Association meets monthly for jam sessions. (Jim
Gensheimer/Staff)
Pete Hicks, of Aromas, teaches kids to play the fiddle at Hoover Middle School
in San Jose, Calif. on Sunday, June 3, 2012. The Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers
Association meets monthly for jam sessions. (Jim Gensheimer/Staff)
As a band plays, Sydney Roberts, 9, of San Francisco, dances with her mother,
Anne Marie Burgoyne, left, and Lee Clarke, of Sunnyvale, at Hoover Middle School
in San Jose, Calif. on Sunday, June 3, 2012. The Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers
Association meets monthly for jam sessions. (Jim Gensheimer/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

Fiddler Mark O'Connor to perform with Santa Rosa Symphony

BYLINE: Diane Peterson, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 1040 words


Jan. 07--At age 13, Mark O'Connor was the youngest person to win the Grand
Master Fiddler Championships, which snagged the teen-ager a spot on the popular
TV series "Hee Haw."

By the age of 31, he had composed "The Fiddle Concerto," his first full-length
score for orchestra, which went on to become the most performed violin concerto
composed in the last 40 years.

"It's the first of its kind that is influenced by American fiddling, not only
from a thematic point of view, but from a musical language and a technical
perspective," he said. "It was really the immersion of American fiddling into a
classical concerto composition."

Through the years, the talented fiddler has continued to straddle different
musical genres and professions as a classical, bluegrass, jazz and country
violinist, as well as an award-winning composer and music teacher.

This weekend, the daring musical explorer will join the Santa Rosa Symphony for
the first time, performing his popular "Fiddle Concerto" along with his
Grammy-winning 1986 suite, "Strings and Threads," originally composed for
guitarist Sharon Isbin. He will perform the two-violin version with his wife,
violinist Maggie O'Connor.

"She's going to play with me as a double violin with strings and orchestra,"
O'Conner said by phone from Portland, Ore., where he was finishing up his "An
Appalachian Christmas" tour along with Maggie and his son, mandolinist Forrest
O'Connor.

The three-concert Santa Rosa Symphony set, led by Guest Conductor Michael
Christie, underscores the Americana theme of O'Connor's works, offering up Aaron
Copland's Suite from "Billy the Kid" as the curtain-opener and Copland's
endearing "El salon Mexico," inspired by the percussion of the Latin dance
pulse, as the closer.

While O'Connor was influenced by Copland's orchestrations, his starting point
for composing was always the fiddle tunes and the fiddle language he first
picked up as a young boy in Seattle, learning the musical ropes from American
fiddler Benny Thomasson.

"Copland used fiddle tunes, but he basically used the thematic content without
it influencing the orchestra texture," he said. "I have the language of a lot of
American music under my fingers, so when I compose, I can draw from that and
create a whole new piece. It's different from anyone around me."

O'Connor's musical journey began with classical violin training, but by the time
he was 9 years old, he had branched out into folk music. By 11, he had started
playing bluegrass fiddle music, and by 13, he was deep into jazz, which he
studied with the famous French jazz violinist Stephane Grappelli.

"I was steeped in all these pillars of musical training, including flamenco and
Balkan music," he said. "As a child, I had these four pillars: classical, world,
folk and jazz."

O'Connor's biggest breakthrough came when he first showed his fiddle-inspired
composition, "Appalachian Waltz," to classical cellist Yo-Yo Ma. Along with
bassist Edgar Meyer, the trio went on to make a wildly popular recording by the
same name, then spun off another album, "Appalachian Journey," which received a
Grammy Award in 2001. Together, the albums sold over a million copies,
unprecedented in the genre of chamber music.

"It changed the landscape of my career, and it changed the direction of how
people viewed American string playing in a classical setting," O'Connor said.
"It just took off, like a new American classical music."

After those albums, he said, other musicians became more open to the
possibilities of injecting classical music with the styles and inflections of
America's musical language.

At that point, O'Connor decided to develop a curriculum that could teach
beginner string students through the American music repertoire. This was a gap
that he felt needed to be addressed, having held string and fiddle camps all
over the country for decades.

"The same reverence to Mozart in the conservatory was happening in 1900 as it
was in 2000," he said. "It was the status quo being copied over for
generations."

With the O'Connor method, the fiddler has developed a series of five violin
books, plus various other books for violists and cellists, as well as a
certification program to train teachers of the method. The students learn good
posture and intonation, and how to use the bow and move the fingers, all through
the lens of the American repertoire.

"If you become advanced, then you'll need further training at anything," he
said. "But for children, the method puts the student in a very good position to
have choices -- whether to join the youth orchestra or a bluegrass band, or just
improvise in jazz."

This summer, O'Conner and his wife will co-direct a new string camp in New York
City, along with other string camps in Maine, Massachusetts and South Carolina.

"There's a whole other part of this that's emerging, and that's adult
beginners," he said. "They appreciate the instrument, and they love the
repertoire. It's inspiring to see multiple generations interested in learning,
so it creates a new community, sharing the love of the instrument."

In his "Strings and Threads" suite, O'Conner will share a bit of his family
history. The work incorporates the music of his mother's side of the family --
the Dutch who landed in New York, then went down to the Eastern Seaboard to
Memphis, eventually landing in Seattle. It also includes pieces influenced by
his dad's Irish family, who settled in Minnesota in the 1940s, homesteaded in
the Dakotas and Montana, then moved west to Seattle.

"So Seattle is the merging of the two separate families," he said. "The violins
create a conversation with these pieces, which is quite beautiful."

One of the defining aspects of American music is the dominance of rhythmic
energy over thematic content, O'Connor said.

"When the Americans got hold of instruments, they were on fire with rhythm," he
said. "It's really exciting to bring that to the bow, and it creates an
incredible pulse and groove that has been missing in Western classical music."

You can reach Staff writer Diane Peterson at 521-5287 or
diane.peterson@pressdemocrat.com

___ (c)2015 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150107-UR-Fiddler-Mark-O-Connor-to-perform-with-Santa-Rosa-Symphony-0107-20150
107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2015 The Press Democrat

                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           August 30, 2006, Wednesday

Winners chosen at Appalachian String Band Music Festival

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P16

LENGTH: 518 words


The 17that Camp Washington-Carver in Clifftop, Fayette County, wrapped up on
Sunday, Aug. 6.

During the event, some of the nation's most renowned string band musicians and
old-time dancers won prizes in four old-time "traditional" contests: fiddle,
banjo, string band and flat-foot dance, plus one "non-traditional" string band
contest.

In addition, ribbons for best original song and best original tune were awarded
in the non-traditional band category.

More than 3,500 people attended the festival, which began Aug. 2.

The annual gathering features concerts, contests, crafts, dancing and workshops.

Next year's festival will be held Aug. 1-5 at Camp Washington-Carver, operated
by the West Virginia Division of Culture and History.

The contest winners were:

Fiddle:

1st place ($400): Jake Krack, Orma

2nd place ($200): Christina Wheeler, New York City

3rd place ($150): Charlie Walden, Evanston, Ill.

4th place ($100): Rhys Jones, New York City

5th place ($50): Richard Bowman, Ararat, Va.

Youth Fiddle Honors - 15 years of age and under:

1st place ($100): Isaac Akers, Chapel Hill, N.C.

2nd place ($50): Jerrica Hilbert, St. Albans

3rd place ($25): Chloe Edmonston, Atlanta

Senior Fiddle Honors - 60 years of age and over:

1st place ($200): Jerry Lewis, Nettie

2nd place ($100): Sandy Hofferth, Columbia, Md.

3rd place ($50): Skip Ashby, Marshall, Va.

Banjo:

1st place ($400): Jeremy Stephens, Danville, Va.

2nd place ($200): Rick Good, Spring Valley, Ohio

3rd place ($150): Chris Coole, Toronto

4th place ($100): Brien Fain, Mt. Airy, N.C.

5th place ($50): Rebekah Weiler, Murfreesboro, Tenn.

Youth Banjo Honors - 15 years of age and under:

1st place ($100): Cole Holland, Athens, Ala.

2nd place ($50): Ernest Thompson, Greensboro, N.C.

3rd place ($25): Trinity Kronk, Pittsburgh

Senior Banjo Honors - 60 years of age and over:

1st place ($200): Pete Peterson, Oxford, Pa.

2nd place ($100): Ray Alden, Croton, N.Y.

3rd place ($50): Dave Leddel, Seattle

Traditional Band:

1st place ($700): Whoopin' Holler String Band, Orma

2nd place ($400): Downward Dogs, Ithaca, N.Y.

3rd place ($300): Forge Mountain Diggers, Asheville, N.C.

4th place ($200): Nanny Goat Vibrato, Evanston, Ill.

5th place ($100): Orpheus Supertones, Avondale, Pa.

Non-Traditional Band:

1st place ($700): Polecat Creek, Greensboro, N.C.

2nd place ($400): Billy Goat Gruff, Athens

3rd place ($300): Open Door Mission, Florence, Maine

4th place ($200): Tanglewood, Morgantown

5th place ($100): Ukrainian String Band, Hamlin

Best Original Song:

Lonesome Sisters, Woodstock, N.Y.

Best Original Tune:

Jane's Gang, Niskayuna, N.Y.

Old-Time Flat-Foot Dance - ages 13 and under:

1st place ($75): Alice Jameson, Asheville, N.C.

2nd place ($50): Rebecca Molaro, Asheville, N.C.

3rd place ($25): Molly McGuigan, Hellam, Pa.

Old-Time Flat-Foot Dance - ages 14-59:

1st place ($75): Ira Bernstein, Asheville, N.C.

2nd place ($50): Sharon Leahy, Spring Valley, Ohio

3rd place ($25): Rodney Sutton, Marshall, N.C.

Old-Time Flat-Foot Dance - 60 years of age and over:

1st place ($75): Carole Bendick, Winfield, Pa.

2nd place ($50): Daniel Butner, Winston-Salem, N.C.

3rd place ($25): Mary Butner, Winston-Salem, N.C.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers

                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                            April 20, 2005 Wednesday

Harp and Fiddle adds Irish flair to kitchens tour

BYLINE: MICHAEL VYSKOCIL<cm-bd> For The York Dispatch

SECTION: FOOD

LENGTH: 665 words


Even though Saint Patrick's Day was over a month ago, the spirit of Ireland is
alive and well at 110 N. George St. in downtown York.

At the Harp and Fiddle Irish Pub, diners can sample hearty Irish fare like
Shepherd's Pie, Corned Beef and Cabbage, Irish Lamb Stew and even Fish and
Chips.

This year, the Irish merriment and unique cuisine will be going on a field trip
of sorts when sous chef Bryan Alfano represents the Harp and Fiddle at the
Spring Market Fare of Kitchens April 28.

This marks the first year the Harp and Fiddle will be on the tour. However,
Alfano, a seasoned veteran, represented Heritage Hills Golf Course in 2002.

He said that the tour was a "really good experience."

During the tour, groups of 12 to 15 people visit homeowners throughout York
County to see various chefs demonstrate selected dishes from their culinary
repertoire. According to Alfano, the chef performs the demonstration and then
addresses questions from audience members afterward.

Those who attend will get to see Alfano prepare an appetizer course of Guinness
Scallops at the Dallastown home of Rick and Carolyn Martin.

To prepare the dish, he first sautes the scallops and then adds heavy cream to
the saute pan. Alfano then drops in some Guinness stout for an added flavor
boost.

At the Harp and Fiddle, Alfano serves the scallops in hollowed out bread bowls,
but for the Spring Market Fare of Kitchens demonstration, he will pour the
scallops over large croutons.

Considers logistics: To get ready for the tour, Alfano said, a dose of
preparation is involved. "I start early in the morning, prepare a big batch of
the dish, let it cool down, transport it to the home, reheat it and demonstrate
the dish at the home," he said.

Alfano says an event like this tends to draw people who have an interest in
food. "People like to learn how to make something," he said.

He especially credits the homeowners on the tour who are receptive to the
visiting chefs.

"They're basically letting you use their stoves, ovens, refrigeration and their
kitchen equipment," he said. "The homes on the tour too are some really nice
homes."

The Harp and Fiddle is "an authentic Irish pub and restaurant," Alfano said.
"It's homey with a lot of personal touches."

He noted that many of the staff were actually brought over from Ireland to work
in the restaurant.

Seasoned newcomer: Alfano, in fact, is a newcomer to the Harp and Fiddle family.
Prior to joining the restaurant, he worked at the Heritage Hills Golf Course and
the Country Club of York. He attended culinary school at the Pennsylvania
Institute for the Culinary Arts in Pittsburgh.

A job search and a New Year's Eve revelry during First Night York introduced him
to the Harp and Fiddle, where his first reaction was, "Wow, this place is
amazing," he said. A short time after he filled out an application, Alfano was
hired as sous chef.

Since he puts in nearly 60 hours a week at the Harp and Fiddle, he tends to
scale meals down when he's at home.

"I pretty much take it easy," he said. Alfano prefers to serve more family-style
meals at home for his family, ones that are easy to prepare.

Irish culture and cuisine does carry a few stereotypes --most notably the notion
that Irish foods are considerably alcohol-laden. But according to Alfano, this
stereotype is ill founded.

"People often say the same about other types of food like French food," he said.
"We try to use alcohol in dishes in the right ratio. We don't overload it."

Alfano attributes the success of the Harp and Fiddle to two things: location and
the unique concept of the place.

Just down the street from the Strand-Capitol Performing Arts Center and close to
the courthouse, the Harp and Fiddle regularly serves theatergoers and court
employees who frequent the restaurant for lunch.

As for the uniqueness of the place, "There isn't any place in York like it," he
said.

-- Reach Michael Vyskocil at 854-1575 or news@yorkdispatch.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.

                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                October 24, 2005

Fiddlers from around the world tune up for tarland workshop

BYLINE: Claire Elliot

SECTION: News; People; Events; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 218 words


Fiddlers from the north-east - and the world - descended on Tarland at the
weekend to learn how to play traditional Scottish music. Former Scottish fiddle
champion Paul Anderson helped found the Scottish Fiddle College earlier this
year in an effort to keep the sounds of the strathspeys and slow airs alive.

On Saturday, as part of the Doric Festival, the college staged a successful
workshop in the village's Commercial Hotel.

About 14 pupils attended the event from all over the north-east and as far as
New York and Seattle.

Mr Anderson said: "It was a great success and I couldn't have asked for better."
The idea of the Scottish Fiddle College was to promote traditional fiddle music,
Mr Anderson added.

He said there had been a lot of homogenisation of music and many people were not
sure what the traditional Scottish style was.

To educate more people the college hopes to stage similar workshops throughout
the country.

They also hope to produce a tutoring DVD on Scottish fiddle music in the near
future.

Ahead of Saturday's workshop, on Friday night a concert was held in the
village's MacRobert Hall.

Performers included the Cromar Fiddlers, the world's greatest piper Willie
MacCallum, and top Scottish fiddlers Douglas Lawrence, Gregor Borland and Mr
Anderson.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                  © Copyright 2005 Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                October 24, 2005

Fiddlers tune up for tarland workshop

BYLINE: Claire Elliot

SECTION: News; People; Events; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 218 words


Fiddlers from the north-east - and the world - descended on Tarland at the
weekend to learn how to play traditional Scottish music. Former Scottish fiddle
champion Paul Anderson helped found the Scottish Fiddle College earlier this
year in an effort to keep the sounds of the strathspeys and slow airs alive.

On Saturday, as part of the Doric Festival, the college staged a successful
workshop in the village's Commercial Hotel.

About 14 pupils attended the event from all over the north-east and as far as
New York and Seattle.

Mr Anderson said: "It was a great success and I couldn't have asked for better."
The idea of the Scottish Fiddle College was to promote traditional fiddle music,
Mr Anderson added.

He said there had been a lot of "homogenisation of music" and many people were
not sure what the traditional Scottish style was.

To educate more people the college hopes to stage similar workshops throughout
the country.

They also hope to produce a tutoring DVD on Scottish fiddle music in the near
future.

Ahead of Saturday's workshop, on Friday night, a concert was held in the
village's MacRobert Hall.

Performers included the Cromar Fiddlers, the world's greatest piper Willie
MaCallum, and top Scottish fiddlers Douglas Lawrence, Gregor Borland and Mr
Anderson.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                  © Copyright 2005 Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             April 30, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

AFTER HEALTH SCARE, ENERGIZED DANIELS FEELS FIT AS A FIDDLE

BYLINE: By LESLIE GRAY STREETER Palm Beach Post Staff WriterColumnist name here

SECTION: TGIF; Pg. 28T

LENGTH: 609 words


Charlie Daniels came down to Florida. He was looking for some fans to steal.

And given his more than 50-year career as a fiddle-playing, guitar-picking,
proudly Southern good old boy, it's pretty likely he'll get 'em.

"What keeps me going is doing the live concerts, going from place to place, town
to town," says the 73-year-old Grammy winner and Grand Ole Opry member, who
plays SunFest with the rest of the Charlie Daniels Band at 9:15 p.m. Saturday at
the Tire Kingdom Stage.

The Wilmington, N.C., native, best known for raucous hits such as (What the
World Needs Is) A Few More Rednecks, The South's Gonna Do It Again, Long Haired
Country Boy and the fiddle-burning anthem The Devil Went Down to Georgia, is a
certified road warrior, despite a potentially devastating health crisis in
January.

Daniels suffered a mild stroke while snowmobiling in Colorado during an annual
break in the band's schedule.

"I was having a little fatigue," he says. "Everything's well on its way now and
we're back to full tilt."

Daniels says the stroke was a wake-up call for him not only to take better care
of himself, but to cut back on activities that might complicate his ability to
put on the best show possible for his fans.

"I had two main goals: to get completely healthy and to have a good touring year
with my band," says Daniels, who typically takes each January and February off.

"We went back to work when we were supposed to. I had no doubt I would recover.
What I had was a small vessel stroke -- I'd had blood pressure problems, but I
got careless about keeping up with it."

Daniels says he feels well and is riding a wave of goodwill from longtime fans,
as well as some new ones who may have discovered him from his recent Geico
commercials, in which he strides into a fancy restaurant, picks up a fiddle from
the violinist and lays out a blistering tune before handing the instrument back
to the stunned violinist and grabbing a breadstick on the way out.

"The whole thing was somebody else's idea. We followed their script. But we had
a great director, really great," Daniels says. "That kind of thing can be a
little tiring, doing the same thing over and over. We didn't move out of the
same spot until I walked off and grabbed that breadstick. But we had a really
nice crew with a good sense of humor. It was a good day. I think the results
speak for themselves."

Though the band had a following before 1978's The Devil Went Down to Georgia,
Daniels admits that the Grammy-winning, genre-busting song about a fiddle
showdown between a country boy and the devil remains his signature.

"It was a universal hit in countries where they don't speak English. But it was
that type of song. It was a hit in Australia, in Europe. It's our key to most
people."

Daniels admits that he has no idea exactly what made Devil so irresistible to
country, rock and pop fans, and what makes it a favorite on radio and in clubs
decades later.

"I wish I knew! If I did I would write 10 more," he says. "At the time we did
it, you didn't hear fiddle on Top 40 stations, and that's one of the things that
made it unique. And then there's the story about it, about this boy and the
fiddle. He went up against the odds. And everybody likes to see the devil lose."

Ironically, Daniels' biggest hit was invented, as some things are, from
necessity.

"That was the last song on the album. We didn't have a fiddle song," he says.
"We had a couple of days' break, and went into the rehearsal studio and wrote
it. It became a highly contested song when it came out, and just one of those
things that defies genre.

"I wish I could put my finger on it. It was just one of those things that
happens."

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  IN CONCERT

GRAPHIC:  RICK DIAMOND/2009 Getty Images file photo Charlie Daniels admits he
doesn't know what makes his signature hit, The Devil Went Down to Georgia, so
irresistible.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                            August 27, 2009 Thursday

14-year-old Belvedere fiddle prodigy wins awards for artistry while crossing the
spectrum of musical genres

BYLINE: Paul Liberatore

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 941 words


I've been hearing about Griffin Stoller since he was a 10-year-old prodigy from
the backwoods of Belvedere shredding the competition at fiddle contests across
the country.

A four-time defending California State Fiddle Champion, he's also the three-time
defending Colorado Mountain Fiddle Champion and the Western Open Fiddle
Champion.

Most recently, he took the title of "best male entertainer" at the National
Fiddle Championships in Weiser, Idaho, and he's been inducted into the National
Fiddlers Hall of Fame.

He performs at 3:30 p.m. at Belvedere's Concert-in-the-Park on Labor Day.

I finally got to see him dazzle a crowd the other evening at a Mill Valley
Concert in the Plaza, and I quickly understood what all the excitement is about.

Now 14, Griffin effortlessly ripped through a set of high-speed Texas-style
fiddle tunes, a Celtic number and, most impressively, a minor swing by the great
Gypsy jazz guitarist Django Reinhardt. He played like it was the easiest, most
natural thing in the world.

Afterward, I watched him kicking a soccer ball around with a couple of buddies
on the Mill Valley

City Hall lawn, looking like any other teenage boy. But only when he wasn't on
stage with a violin in his hands.

His physician father, David Stoller, head of radiology at California Pacific
Medical Center, told me he first noticed Griffin was special when he was a
toddler.

"We were listening to a jazz group at Gate 5 restaurant in Sausalito when
Griffin stood up and started tapping his foot," he recalled with a fond smile.
"I said, 'Look at that.' That's when we realized he had it."

By "it," he means his son's extraordinary musical talent.

"I'm surprised to have ended up with a child with this passion for music," his
mother, Marcia McGovern, also a physician, said. "You never know what your kid's
going to be like. It took us by surprise."

She left her career as a pathologist to raise her remarkable son, getting him a
child-size violin so he could start lessons with a Suzuki teacher when he was 2.

That classical music teacher turned him on to American country fiddle music,
thinking, correctly, that he'd be a whiz at it. He later took up jazz, blues and
rock, playing at the House of Blues in Chicago and before thousands at the 2007
Mountain Play, opening for Country Joe McDonald before the production of "Hair."

He's now come full circle and is studying classical violin again with Deborah
Tien of the New Century Chamber Orchestra.

Evident early on, Griffin's prowess is just now starting to really blossom,
which is kind of scary, when you think about it, not only on violin, but guitar
as well.

"Over the years I've improved exponentially," he said. "If you took me playing
when I was 12, and juxtaposed it to where I am now, it's two completely
different levels. I couldn't play half the things on the violin, technically
speaking, that I can play now. If that keeps going, and I'm sure it will because
I'm putting that kind of effort into improving, I'll never stay satisfied. It's
always an improving process for me."

We were sitting in the lobby of the Tiburon Lodge, where he and his parents are
staying temporarily while their Belvedere home is being remodeled. Peering out
from under a mop of light brown hair, Griffin, folded onto a couch in front of a
fireplace, was dressed in Marin teenage boy mufti - basketball sneakers, gym
shorts and a dark hoodie over a Branson T-shirt.

He recently graduated from the exclusive Town School for boys in San Francisco,
where he won the $5,000 Gershwin Scholarship, an award given to a promising
student musician. He'll be a freshman at the Branson School in Ross this fall.

At Branson, he hopes to play basketball and lacrosse and to hook up with other
teenage musicians of his caliber, something that's been difficult in the past.

"It's been challenging to find kids who can keep up," is how he politely put it,
admitting at the same time that he's got a ways to go before he's in the same
league on violin as someone like former child prodigy Rachel Barton Pine, 34,
one of his inspirations.

"When I hear someone play who's better than me," he said, "I want to be able to
play what they played just like they played it."

A year and a half ago, Griffin turned his talent to the guitar, playing Van
Halen and Metallica solos on his Gibson Custom Les Paul Axcess, an electric
guitar favored by Jeff Beck, Jimmy Page and Slash.

"He locks himself in his room for five hours and practices guitar," his mother
said. "He's become extremely independent and self-motivated. To see him teach
himself a Metallica tune is amazing."

Griffin has recently come under the wing of a major Marin rock musician, but
asked me not to mention the name because he doesn't want to sour the
relationship.

"I play a lot of rock stuff," he said. "I do a lot of Van Halen-type guitar
acrobatics, but I also play a lot of blues, too, because I really like Stevie
Ray Vaughan and Jimi Hendrix. They're both pretty big influences."

It may not be that long before Griffin is known as a rock guitarist as well as a
violin champion. But he's diplomatically noncommittal. After all, he's only 14.

"Right now, I'm enjoying playing and getting to the level where I'm comfortable
with in any style of music," he said. "As far as a career, I'm too young to
tell. But I'm always going to play music."

If You Go

- What: BelvedereConcert-in-the-Park with Griffin Stoller and Cosmo

- When: 3:30 p.m. Sept. 6

- Where: Belvedere Community Park, San Rafael Avenue and Community Road

- Cost: Free

- Information: www.belvedereconcerts.org

Contact Paul Liberatore via e-mail at liberatore@marinij.com; follow him on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/LibLarge.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Griffin Stoller of Belvedere has won numerous regional and national
championships and recently won a Gershwin Scholarship Award and best male
entertainer at the National Fiddle Championships.
Griffin Stoller of Belvedere plays at Chicago's famed House of Blues

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2009 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved

                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            August 2, 2007, Thursday

String band festival has a lot to offer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P13D

LENGTH: 451 words


Get those fiddles and banjos ready, those mandolins and dobros, too.

The five-day Appalachian String Band Music Festival runs through Sunday at Camp
Washington-Carver in Clifftop. The annual event draws thousands of string band
musicians and fans from across the country for its contests, concerts, workshops
and square dances.

Music contests include banjo and fiddle today, neo-traditional string band
Friday and traditional string band Saturday. The top five winners in each
category receive prizes ranging from $100 to $700 for bands and $50 to $400 for
fiddle and banjo. Three people win prizes in the senior (age 60 and over) and
youth (age 15 and under) categories in fiddle and banjo. The old-time dance
contest on Saturday emphasizes the flat-foot style, and prizes range from $25 to
$75 in three age categories.

Workshops, which include beginning square dancing and flat-foot dancing, are
free with festival admission. Nightly square dances in the Great Chestnut Lodge
and outdoor concerts on Friday and Saturday evenings are additional festival
attractions.

Highlights for children and families include yoga, bingo, pottery, arts and
crafts, bead jewelry, tie dying, basket making, wire wrapping, split-bottom
woven stool making, Three Rivers Avian Center demonstrations, Allegheny Echoes'
Please Touch the Instruments and slow jams with dulcimer, guitar and banjo. Food
and instrument vendors and craft demonstrators will set up on the grounds and in
the Great Chestnut Lodge.

In addition, there will be masters' showcases featuring old-time musicians Gerry
Milnes of Elkins, Bob Carlin of Lexington, N.C., and Alice Gerrard of Durham,
N.C. Fans of Hazel Dickens may recall that Gerrard was the "Alice" of "Hazel and
Alice," the recording that propelled Dickens to fame as a singer of Appalachian
women's, coal and social-issue songs.

Daily admission is $15 for adults and $10 for senior citizens and children ages
6 to 17. Rough camping for the five-day festival is available on a first-come,
first-served basis for $45 for adults, $40 for seniors and youths or $90 per
family. The rough camping rate and daily admission fee include admission to all
activities.

Listed in the National Register of Historic Places and operated by the West
Virginia Division of Culture and History, Camp Washington-Carver serves as the
state's mountain cultural arts center. The facility nurtures the cultural
heritage embodied in the site since its dedication in 1942 as a 4-H and
agricultural extension camp for West Virginia's blacks. The camp is located in
Fayette County adjacent to Babcock State Park, just off U.S. 60 (Midland Trail)
on W.Va. 41.

Call 438-3005 or 558-0162 or visit www.wvculture.org.

- By Bob Schwarz

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers

                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            January 27, 2012 Friday

Fiddle festival will honor Art Link

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 167 words


A fiddle festival named after late North Dakota Gov. Art Link will bring fiddle
and violin students from across the state to play at the Former Governors'
Mansion in Bismarck on Feb. 4.

The Society for the Preservation of the Former Governors' Mansion is sponsoring
the fourth annual Arthur A. Link Fiddle Festival at the mansion from noon to 4
p.m. that day.

The festival is held to promote Link's lifelong love of music and to give an
opportunity for music-making. The family festival is free and open to the
public. Registration is not required to participate.

Performances by local elementary school orchestras will start the afternoon.
Kelly Kiemle on guitar and Aaron Hummert on violin will perform fiddle and old
time music at 1 p.m., followed by an open mike section. Students interested in
performing during that time are asked to contact site supervisor Johnathan
Campbell at 328-9528 or jcampbell@nd.gov so enough time can be scheduled for
everyone to participate.

The Mansion is at 320 E. Ave. B.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      March 15, 1998, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Ear for music, nack for fiddles;
After retirement, accountant figured on musical hobby

BYLINE: Rheta Grimsley Johnson

SECTION: READER; Pg. 03B Rheta Grimsley Johnson

LENGTH: 616 words

DATELINE: LaGrange ---


A fiddle sounds better the older it gets, but only if played, not put on a
shelf.

You might say the same about people.

The luthier of LaGrange has both a young man's bearing and the wisdom of his 89
years --- clear eyes and mind, steady hand, seasoned soul. His Yorkie dog, Sunny
Day, circles at his feet, yapping excitedly around and around the old man's
calm.

Carlton E. Woodson Sr. was just a boy in rural Upson County when his
grandfather, Herschel Virgil Johnson Woodson, handed him a fiddle. It was a big
moment, like being knighted by King Arthur for the Round Table. In a real sense,
Carlton never put that fiddle down.

As a young man, he played for square dances, for money, for fun. "I even studied
violin a little while, but it seemed like it would be too far in the future that
you'd be worth anything."

Instead he became an accountant, working 35 years for Callaway Mills. After
retirement, he and his wife prepared income tax returns in their home.

But figures couldn't satisfy the music in his heart, couldn't make him tap his
foot or hum a tune. So in 1964, he bought a $ 3 book called "How to Make a
Violin."

"I was fortunate to get it, because I never saw another one exactly like it,"
Carlton says in his patient voice. He read everything else he could find on
violin-making, too.

The precise, time-consuming hobby filled his leisure hours for nearly 30 years.
He worked alone in a small blue shop behind his house, gluing and clamping,
shaving and gouging, sanding and varnishing, then sanding again.

The curly maple for the back plate and spruce for the top came from the Alpine
woods of Europe --- by way of an international luthiers' supply house in Tulsa,
Okla. (The aged wood has an even grain that affects the violin's tone.)

A meticulous man, Carlton first practiced on cheap wood. He took his sweet time
with that inaugural fiddle, which today hangs in a special cabinet with dozens
of others he's made. That little closet is proof of his enterprise and talent, a
cabinet that remains an empty and mocking shell in so many houses.

The exacting, but somehow mysterious business of fiddle-making suited the
retired accountant and experienced woodworker. Soon he was chin-deep in his
avocation, selling the fiddles only if someone happened by and asked to buy one.
He never intended to make any money at it.

The thickness of the plates has everything to do with the violin's tone. With
special calipers Carlton measured and remeasured, "And we're not talking about
inches," he says. The varying degrees of thickness in a fiddle are measured in
64th's of an inch, not inches.

He cut sound holes shaped like the letter "f." He grooved the edges and inlaid
curved pieces of decorative purfling. He made the soundposts. He carved his name
and a date and a number inside, the luthier's label.

And he varnished. "You can't take a sorry violin and make it a good one with the
varnish job," Carlton says. "But you can take a good one and ruin it with
varnish."

You don't learn how to make a fiddle in a single afternoon or with a single
fiddle, of course. But it can be taught over time, and Carlton found a willing
apprentice in his friend and neighbor Martin Brown. It seems to mean the world
to Carlton that someone shares his esoteric love. Martin carries on, seeking out
his mentor when problems arise.

Carlton made his last fiddle in 1993. His arthritis pains him, and the litttle
shop in the backyard seems to be getting farther away.

But once a week or so, Carlton takes the afternoon and plays all his fiddles,
keeping them fit, improving their sound.

For an unused fiddle is a shame and a waste. E-mail: rheta@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 1974 original: Carlton Woodson exercises his ninth fiddle. "You can't
 take a sorry violin and make it a good one with the varnish job," he
 says. "But you can take a good one and ruin it with varnish." / DWIGHT
 ROSS JR. / Staff
 Photo :
 Shelf life grows: Fiddles get better with age, especially these made,
 and played, by Carlton Woodson, 89. / Dwight Ross Jr. / Staff
 Photo :
 Carlton E. Woodson reaches for a violin. / Dwight Ross Jr. / Staff
 (Teaser)

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution

                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 11, 2006 Monday

Lack of fiddle fest doesn't halt jamming: Some musicians who go to Lyons don't
know the show is canceled; others know but show up anyway.

BYLINE: Erin Negley, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 423 words


Sep. 11--It's tradition at fiddle festivals for musicians to form impromptu
groups and jam while more organized performances are presented on the stage.

At Lyons Borough Park on Sunday it was all jam and no stage as more than a dozen
musicians put on their own show at the site where the Lyons Fall Fiddle Festival
had been held annually for 23 years.

Lyons Borough Council announced in early August that the event was canceled.
Festival organizers Arlan and Donna Schwoyer said they could no longer handle
the work.

At 11 a.m. Sunday, when the festival would have begun, Carl H. Adams was the
only musician in the park. He waited alone with his guitar for the others he
knew would arrive.

"I get tired of playing by myself on my porch," the Greenwich Township resident
said.

A few hours later, he was one of six musicians jamming under some trees, playing
bluegrass, old country and mountain tunes.

Jim B. and Shirley A. Reilly hadn't heard the annual festival was canceled. They
drove from Philadelphia as usual with Jim's steel guitar. But they knew when
they pulled into a nearly empty parking lot that something was amiss.

They weren't happy about the cancellation, but Jim joined the other musicians
and played a few songs.

As the afternoon passed, more than a dozen musicians played fiddles, guitars,
Dobros, banjos and a mandolin for an audience of about a half dozen. A train
whistle in the background added to the stories the group wove with their music.

Mount Penn resident Mike E. Laudanski and Josh A. Sceurman of Rockland Township
enjoyed themselves Sunday but missed some aspects of the festival.

"This thing really showcased the locals," Laudanski said of the annual event.

"It didn't seem right not to come," Sceurman said.

They said they also missed the homecooked ham and string beans. But there's good
news for Laudanski and Sceurman and fiddlers who would rather play on a stage
and for a larger audience: The fall fiddle festival will return next year,
borough Councilwoman Suzanne F. Reed said Sunday. Council plans to appoint a
recreation board that will organize the event. Reed expects the 2007 festival to
be in mid-September. "People really want it and they're interested in it," Reed
said. "It's a tradition and we miss it."

Copyright (c) 2006, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business
News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060911-RE-0911-Lack-of-fiddle-fest-doesn-t-halt-jamming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2006 Reading Eagle

                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              July 20, 2007 Friday
                                  City Edition

Fiddle fantastic

BYLINE: JEFF KORBELIK, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: X; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 509 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


The Little Brown Jug band has distinctive sound to share with audiences

The music drew a crowd to the northeast corner of the parking lot at 16th and
South streets.

In the middle of the throng jammed the Little Brown Jug, an old-time string
band.

They were prepping for their time on stage at Meadowlark Coffee's open mic
night.

The foursome already was off to a hot start.

People bobbed their heads, tapped their feet and clapped their hands to the
infectious music.

And when fiddler player Nissa Evenson looked up from the instrument perched
under her chin and smiled, you knew the quartet was having just as much fun as
its audience.

"Us four have a rapport," said Randy Adams, the band's guitar and banjo player
and a dead ringer for Willie Nelson. "We're kind of family. We all love it, and
we have fun while we're doing it.

"I think it comes across."

Indeed, it does.

Within the past year, the string band has become quite popular in Lincoln. You
can find the foursome on a stage somewhere in the city just about every week.

Tonight, Little Brown Jug will be at Mo Java Cafe in north Lincoln.

The band is made up of Evenson, Adams, fiddle player Bill Adams (Randy's son)
and Manuel de la Torre, the stand-up bass player and Evenson's fiance.

The four met at a fiddle contest in Fort Calhoun a little more than two years
ago.

"It was love at first sight," Randy joked.

From there, Nissa, Bill and Randy got together in Nissa's basement to play
old-time tunes.

Seeing how much fun they were having, Manuel, a keyboard player, picked up the
bass  an instrument he had never played before  and joined in the fun.

They play old-time music with a twist. Their repertoire includes such oldies as
"Watermelon on the Vine," "Battle of New Orleans" and, of course, "Little Brown
Jug."

Evenson even has started writing some pieces for the group.

"The main thing is we're not afraid to show people what we do and what we got,"
de la Torre said. "Our energy is noticeable on stage."

The band is unique because it features two fiddles instead of one. Bill and
Nissa often take centerstage, whipping their bows back and forth across their
instruments in a frenzy of fun.

"People are not used to having fiddles lead everything," Bill said. "It's kind
of unique to them to hear that sound."

The band took a hiatus shortly after its conception in November 2005 when
construction workers Randy and Bill headed south to Louisiana and Florida for
employment.

They returned in April 2006, only to find Evenson and de la Torre planning a
move to Colorado at the end of May.

But after a couple of revitalizing jams, Evenson said she began to second-guess
the move. Plus, her violin studio was starting to take off. She and de la Torre
decided to stay.

And now the band is beginning to take off.

The group self-produced a CD and is planning to do another. The musicians
continue to learn new material.

"We're definitely not just leaving it to fate," de la Torre said. "We're working
hard on it, finding new venues and expanding our horizons."

Reach Jeff Korbelik at 473-7213 or jkorbelik@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Members of the Little Brown Jug band, Nissa Evenson, on the fiddle, and
Randy Adams, on the guitar, play old-time string music during the 2007 Stransky
Park Concert Series on June 28. KAINAZ AMARIA/Lincoln Journal Star file photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved

                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

Fiddle Festival adds to ambiance

BYLINE: Andrea Mills, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 434 words


Sept. 05--ROCKFORD -- It's called The Grove, but the name barely describes what
the site holds.

This outdoor classroom is an embrace from nature at the Severson Dells Nature
Center. It features a pergola and stage supported with the help of black locust
trees. And it's all about the woods -- tree stumps and logs to sit on, a drum,
and objects to explore.

One way to get to know The Grove is on a musical note during the Fiddle
Festival. The seating is outdoors, but in case of bad weather, limited seats are
available inside the center. Donations from those attending are appreciated.

The planned concerts will be from 12:30 to 5 p.m. Sept. 14 featuring:

n Dirt Simple, at 12:30 p.m., known for strong vocals and informal performances.
They've also been known to lead impromptu dances and singalongs.

n Ida Jo, at 2 p.m., classical skills with folk fiddle flourishes.

n Barbara Jean, at 3:30 p.m., a multi-instrumentalist and song writer.

Later in the fall, Kraig Kenning will perform at 3 p.m. Oct. 4 in The Grove. His
music runs the gamut of folk, roots rock, and blues.

It isn't only about music. Severson Dells has something for adventurers. Canoe
Convoys take place at 6 p.m. Mondays through Sept. 29. Participants will get out
into Winnebago County on canoes. The cost is $20, which includes guides,
equipment, and shuttle rides; those with their own canoes pay $5. The program is
for ages 10 and older. Those attending need to call each week on the Friday
before the trip to make a reservation: 815-535-2915.

Family fun is slated for 1 to 3 p.m. Sept. 13, during the Animal Olympics.
Comparisons will be made between humans and animals. Can a participant run as
fast as a deer? Can a human remember as well as a squirrel hiding food? It's
free to find out. Call the above number to register.

Those who have an interest in camping, but don't know where to start, might want
to take a look at the Camp Techniques program from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Sept. 20.
Students will learn how to cook a meal in the wilds, start a fire, and build an
outdoor shelter. There's no cost; registration is required.

It's back in the water from 10 a.m. to noon Sept. 27 for Fall Float the Kish.
Center staff will guide participants, as everyone floats along the Kishwaukee
River in canoes. The cost is $20; those with their own canoe pay $5. Early
registration is recommended.

With all this going on, it's worth a meander toward Rockford to spend some time
getting to know nature better.

___ (c)2014 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140905-YG-Fiddle-Festival-adds-to-ambiance-0905-20140905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2014 Daily Gazette

                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            March 15, 2012 Thursday

St. Patrick's Fiddle Frenzy returns to BF

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 451 words


Thursday March 15, 2012

BELLOWS FALLS -- Stone Church Arts presents St. Patrick's Day Fiddle Frenzy on
Saturday at 7:30 p.m., at Immanuel Episcopal Church, 20 Church St.

This annual event has gathered four performers -- Eugene Friesen, cello, Maeve
Gilchrist, Celtic harp and vocals, Andy Reiner, fiddle, and Stash Wyslouch,
guitar and vocals -- for an evening celebration of traditional and original
Celtic and world music that will stir your soul and rock your body.

Reiner on fiddle has his own unique groove drawing on traditional styles from
around the world. A graduate of Berklee College of Music, Reiner has shared the
stage with Herbie Hancock, Paul Simon, Gloria Estefan and more at Berklee's 60th
Anniversary Concert.

The 25-year-old Gilchrist is an innovator on the Celtic harp due to her uniquely
chromatic use of the instrument. Born and raised in Edinburgh, Scotland, she is
daughter to an Irish mother and Scottish father. She grew up immersed in
traditional folk music. From her early teens, Gilchrist was an in-demand member
of the traditional music scene in Scotland where she performed at events such as
the opening of the Scottish Parliament, the Celtic Connections Festival and the
International Edinburgh Harp Festival. At 17, she received a full scholarship
from the Berklee College of Music in Boston, where she studied jazz and world
music. Recent performance highlights include the Tanglewood Jazz Festival, the
World Harp Congress (Netherlands), Celtic Connections Festival (Scotland), the
Edinburgh International Jazz Festival and the ICONS Irish Festival.

Wyslouch tours as a vocalist, guitarist and songwriter in bands such as Blue
Moose and the Unbuttoned Zippers, The Boston Boys and The Deadly Gentlemen
fronted by Greg Liszt, banjo player of the band Crooked Still. Also a Berklee
graduate, Wyslouch has studied and played with some of the best musicians in
genres ranging from bluegrass to folk music to rock to jazz.

Friesen is the founder of Stone Church Arts and professor at Berklee College of
Music. A multiple Grammy Award-winner and a master of improvisation, he brings
immense depth and power to the world music scene. He has broken new ground for
the cello, using it in a wide variety of non-classical settings and creating new
techniques to expand its role as a solo and accompanying instrument.

Admission is $17 for adults ($13 for seniors and children under 12) in advance
and $20 ($15) at the door. Tickets are available at Village Square Booksellers
in Bellows Falls, Toadstool Bookshop in Keene, N.H., Brattleboro Books, Misty
Valley Books in Chester, atwww.brattleborotix.com or at the door. For
information, visit www.immanuelepiscopal.org or call 802-463-3100.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                                 April 28, 2011

There's a fiddle fair to feast on in Baltimore

SECTION:

LENGTH: 246 words


The four-day music extravaganza is widely acknowledged by fiddle and folk
enthusiasts as Ireland's best small festival and has become a key fixture on
Irish and international music calendars.

Over the years, the Baltimore Fiddle Fair has been extraordinarily successful in
building world-class line-ups of musicians and performers from the four corners
of the world.

The jam-packed programme for 2011, which includes Highlights include a rare
Irish appearance from Scottish legends Aly Bain and Phil Cunningham, Chicago
Fiddle Queen Liz Carroll with John Doyle, Manchester's finest, Dezi Donnelly
with Dermot Byrne and Jim Murray and the ever-popular Foghorn Trio from Portland
Oregon, continues the festival's fine tradition and will not disappoint.

These intimate concerts will be held in unique venues across Baltimore, from
garden amphitheatres to castles to marquees, all set to the back drop of one of
Ireland's most picturesque fishing villages.

The Baltimore Fiddle Fair will also include a host of additional events
including music workshops and art exhibitions, plus of course a plethora of
sessions in and around the village's hostelries and no doubt, a living room or
two.

A few pints, the Catch of the

Day, some world famous fiddlers and their friends are all on offer at the
Baltimore Fiddle Fair, May 5th to 8th, Baltimore, West Cork. Tickets are on-sale
now for individual performances.

For line up, ticket prices and ticket sales, log on to www.fiddlefair.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                              June 5, 2016, Sunday

2016 Vandalia award winners announced

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 743 words


Joni Hoffman of Duck, Braxton County, received the 2016 Vandalia Award on May 27
at the annual Vandalia Gathering at the state Capitol. The Vandalia Award is the
highest folk life award that is presented by the state of West Virginia. It
celebrates the heritage, spirit and wonder of West Virginians who are dedicated
to the preservation, promotion and presentation of folk life traditions.

Hoffman has won prizes for her own quilts and for quilting she has done for
others, including awards at the Mountain State Art and Craft Fair at Cedar
Lakes, Three Rivers Quilt Show in Pittsburgh and shows in Virginia. She has won
the Best Hand Quilting Award twice at the West Virginia Quilt Festival. She
quilted the Sesquicentennial Quilt that features quilt pieces made by men, women
and children from around the state.

Hoffman teaches a basics-of-hand-quilting class for West Virginia quilt guilds
and has taught elementary school children to make a Log Cabin quilt block.

West Virginia's champion old-time fiddle, bluegrass banjo and mandolin players,
and pound cake and favorite family cookie bakers competed for top honors on May
28. On May 29, old-time banjo, lap dulcimer and flatpick guitar musicians, and
liars vied for awards.

The winners were:

Youth Old-Time Fiddle (age 15 and under): First place, Ben Davis, Marlinton;
second, Hannah Snuffer, Beckley; third, Liam Farley, Chapmanville.

Old-Time Fiddle (age 59 and under): First place, Dan Kessinger, St. Marys;
second, Jesse Pearson, Huntington, third, Bob Smakula, Elkins; fourth, Jenny
Allinder, St. Albans; fifth, Cody Jordan, Point Pleasant.

Senior Old-Time Fiddle (age 60 and over): First place, Greg Bentle, Huntington;
second, Gerry Milnes, Elkins; third, John Morris, Ivydale; fourth, Terry
Vaughan, Cross Lanes; fifth, Jim Mullins, St. Albans.

Mandolin (all ages): First place, Karl Smakula, Elkins; second, Joshua Brown,
Summersville; third, Jake Eddy, Parkersburg; fourth, Dan Kessinger, St. Marys;
fifth, Silas Powell, Salem.

Bluegrass Banjo (all ages): First place, Andrew Kidd, Morgantown; second, Jake
Eddy, Parkersburg; third, Josh Lanham, Buckhannon; fourth, Levi Sanders,
Fairview; fifth, Karl Smakula, Elkins.

Lap Dulcimer (all ages): First place, Hunter Walker, Beckley; second, Jesse
Pearson, Huntington; third, Patricia Westman, Beckley; fourth, David O'Dell,
Glenville; fifth, Ezra Drumheller, Prosperity.

Old-Time Banjo (59 and under): First place, David O'Dell, Glenville; second,
Hunter Walker, Beckley; third, Nick Freeman, St. Albans; fourth, Ben Townsend,
Romney; and fifth, Cody Jordan, Point Pleasant.

Senior Old-Time Banjo (age 60 and over): First place, Jim Mullins, St. Albans;
second, Paul Gartner, Yawkey; third, John Morris, Ivydale; and fourth, Warren
Owings, Hamlin.

Youth Flatpick Guitar (age 15 and under): First place, Silas Powell, Salem.

Flatpick Guitar (all ages): First place, David Watson, Huntington; second,
Bryant Underwood, Charleston; third, Matt Lindsey, Culloden; fourth, Joshua
Brown, Summersville; fifth, Rick Hall, Princeton.

Liars (all ages):

Biggest Liar (First place and Goldenseal magazine's Golden Shovel award): Jacob
Hall, Charleston.

Bigger Liar (second place): Ian Nolte, Huntington.

Big Liar (third place): Pete Kosky, Charleston.

Youth (age 15 and under, and Goldenseal magazine's Golden Shovel award): Claire
Kosky, Charleston.

Favorite Family Cookies (all ages): First place, Ella Hoffman, South Charleston;
second, Jennifer Foreman, Red House; third, Toni McCullough, Bridgeport.

Youth (age 15 and under): Victoria Scarberry, Charleston.

Pound Cake (all ages): First place, Ella Hoffman, South Charleston; second,
Casey Pruitt, Charleston; third place, Bridget Pauley, Pinch.

The annual Vandalia Gathering is a free celebration of the traditional arts,
music, dance, stories, crafts and foods of West Virginia. The Culture Center and
Capitol Complex grounds play host to this expanding family-style gathering each
year on Memorial Day weekend.

The unique blend of ethnic and cultural heritage combines an atmosphere as
comfortable as a family reunion with the excitement of a state fair. The
statewide folk festival, named for the proposed 14th colony, pays tribute to the
state's ethnic heritage through a variety of exhibitions and programs.

Vandalia Gathering is a program of the West Virginia Division of Culture and
History. For more information, contact Caryn Gresham, deputy commissioner and
communications director for the division, at 304-558-0220.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers

                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                         September 13, 2006, Wednesday

Winners chosen at 17th Appalachian String Band Music Festival at Clifftop

SECTION: METRO NORTH; Pg. P8

LENGTH: 524 words


The 17th Appalachian String Band Music Festival at Camp Washington-Carver in
Clifftop, Fayette County, wrapped up on Sunday, Aug. 6.

During the event, some of the nation's most renowned string band musicians and
old-time dancers won prizes in four old-time "traditional" contests: fiddle,
banjo, string band and flat-foot dance, plus one "non-traditional" string band
contest.

In addition, ribbons for best original song and best original tune were awarded
in the non-traditional band category.

More than 3,500 people attended the festival, which began Aug. 2.

The annual gathering features concerts, contests, crafts, dancing and workshops.

Next year's festival will be held Aug. 1-5 at Camp Washington-Carver, operated
by the West Virginia Division of Culture and History.

The contest winners were:

Fiddle:

1st place ($400): Jake Krack, Orma

2nd place ($200): Christina Wheeler, New York City

3rd place ($150): Charlie Walden, Evanston, Ill.

4th place ($100): Rhys Jones, New York City

5th place ($50): Richard Bowman, Ararat, Va.

Youth Fiddle Honors - 15 years of age and under:

1st place ($100): Isaac Akers, Chapel Hill, N.C.

2nd place ($50): Jerrica Hilbert, St. Albans

3rd place ($25): Chloe Edmonston, Atlanta

Senior Fiddle Honors - 60 years of age and over:

1st place ($200): Jerry Lewis, Nettie

2nd place ($100): Sandy Hofferth, Columbia, Md.

3rd place ($50): Skip Ashby, Marshall, Va.

Banjo:

1st place ($400): Jeremy Stephens, Danville, Va.

2nd place ($200): Rick Good, Spring Valley, Ohio

3rd place ($150): Chris Coole, Toronto

4th place ($100): Brien Fain, Mt. Airy, N.C.

5th place ($50): Rebekah Weiler, Murfreesboro, Tenn.

Youth Banjo Honors - 15 years of age and under:

1st place ($100): Cole Holland, Athens, Ala.

2nd place ($50): Ernest Thompson, Greensboro, N.C.

3rd place ($25): Trinity Kronk, Pittsburgh

Senior Banjo Honors - 60 years of age and over:

1st place ($200): Pete Peterson, Oxford, Pa.

2nd place ($100): Ray Alden, Croton, N.Y.

3rd place ($50): Dave Leddel, Seattle

Traditional Band:

1st place ($700): Whoopin' Holler String Band, Orma

2nd place ($400): Downward Dogs, Ithaca, N.Y.

3rd place ($300): Forge Mountain Diggers, Asheville, N.C.

4th place ($200): Nanny Goat Vibrato, Evanston, Ill.

5th place ($100): Orpheus Supertones, Avondale, Pa.

Non-Traditional Band:

1st place ($700): Polecat Creek, Greensboro, N.C.

2nd place ($400): Billy Goat Gruff, Athens

3rd place ($300): Open Door Mission, Florence, Maine

4th place ($200): Tanglewood, Morgantown

5th place ($100): Ukrainian String Band, Hamlin

Best Original Song:

Lonesome Sisters, Woodstock, N.Y.

Best Original Tune:

Jane's Gang, Niskayuna, N.Y.

Old-Time Flat-Foot Dance - ages 13 and under:

1st place ($75): Alice Jameson, Asheville, N.C.

2nd place ($50): Rebecca Molaro, Asheville, N.C.

3rd place ($25): Molly McGuigan, Hellam, Pa.

Old-Time Flat-Foot Dance - ages 14-59:

1st place ($75): Ira Bernstein, Asheville, N.C.

2nd place ($50): Sharon Leahy, Spring Valley, Ohio

3rd place ($25): Rodney Sutton, Marshall, N.C.

Old-Time Flat-Foot Dance - 60 years of age and over:

1st place ($75): Carole Bendick, Winfield, Pa.

2nd place ($50): Daniel Butner, Winston-Salem, N.C.

3rd place ($25): Mary Butner, Winston-Salem, N.C.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers

                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           August 23, 2006, Wednesday

Winners chosen at 17th Appalachian String Band Music Festival

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P9

LENGTH: 524 words


The 17th Appalachian String Band Music Festival at Camp Washington-Carver in
Clifftop, Fayette County, wrapped up on Sunday, Aug. 6.

During the event, some of the nation's most renowned string band musicians and
old-time dancers won prizes in four old-time "traditional" contests: fiddle,
banjo, string band and flat-foot dance, plus one "non-traditional" string band
contest.

In addition, ribbons for best original song and best original tune were awarded
in the non-traditional band category.

More than 3,500 people attended the festival, which began Aug. 2.

The annual gathering features concerts, contests, crafts, dancing and workshops.

Next year's festival will be held Aug. 1-5 at Camp Washington-Carver, operated
by the West Virginia Division of Culture and History.

The contest winners were:

Fiddle:

1st place ($400): Jake Krack, Orma

2nd place ($200): Christina Wheeler, New York City

3rd place ($150): Charlie Walden, Evanston, Ill.

4th place ($100): Rhys Jones, New York City

5th place ($50): Richard Bowman, Ararat, Va.

Youth Fiddle Honors - 15 years of age and under:

1st place ($100): Isaac Akers, Chapel Hill, N.C.

2nd place ($50): Jerrica Hilbert, St. Albans

3rd place ($25): Chloe Edmonston, Atlanta

Senior Fiddle Honors - 60 years of age and over:

1st place ($200): Jerry Lewis, Nettie

2nd place ($100): Sandy Hofferth, Columbia, Md.

3rd place ($50): Skip Ashby, Marshall, Va.

Banjo:

1st place ($400): Jeremy Stephens, Danville, Va.

2nd place ($200): Rick Good, Spring Valley, Ohio

3rd place ($150): Chris Coole, Toronto

4th place ($100): Brien Fain, Mt. Airy, N.C.

5th place ($50): Rebekah Weiler, Murfreesboro, Tenn.

Youth Banjo Honors - 15 years of age and under:

1st place ($100): Cole Holland, Athens, Ala.

2nd place ($50): Ernest Thompson, Greensboro, N.C.

3rd place ($25): Trinity Kronk, Pittsburgh

Senior Banjo Honors - 60 years of age and over:

1st place ($200): Pete Peterson, Oxford, Pa.

2nd place ($100): Ray Alden, Croton, N.Y.

3rd place ($50): Dave Leddel, Seattle

Traditional Band:

1st place ($700): Whoopin' Holler String Band, Orma

2nd place ($400): Downward Dogs, Ithaca, N.Y.

3rd place ($300): Forge Mountain Diggers, Asheville, N.C.

4th place ($200): Nanny Goat Vibrato, Evanston, Ill.

5th place ($100): Orpheus Supertones, Avondale, Pa.

Non-Traditional Band:

1st place ($700): Polecat Creek, Greensboro, N.C.

2nd place ($400): Billy Goat Gruff, Athens

3rd place ($300): Open Door Mission, Florence, Maine

4th place ($200): Tanglewood, Morgantown

5th place ($100): Ukrainian String Band, Hamlin

Best Original Song:

Lonesome Sisters, Woodstock, N.Y.

Best Original Tune:

Jane's Gang, Niskayuna, N.Y.

Old-Time Flat-Foot Dance - ages 13 and under:

1st place ($75): Alice Jameson, Asheville, N.C.

2nd place ($50): Rebecca Molaro, Asheville, N.C.

3rd place ($25): Molly McGuigan, Hellam, Pa.

Old-Time Flat-Foot Dance - ages 14-59:

1st place ($75): Ira Bernstein, Asheville, N.C.

2nd place ($50): Sharon Leahy, Spring Valley, Ohio

3rd place ($25): Rodney Sutton, Marshall, N.C.

Old-Time Flat-Foot Dance - 60 years of age and over:

1st place ($75): Carole Bendick, Winfield, Pa.

2nd place ($50): Daniel Butner, Winston-Salem, N.C.

3rd place ($25): Mary Butner, Winston-Salem, N.C.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers

                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     January 19, 1998, Monday, ALL EDITIONS

OBITUARIES;
Anita E. Mathis, 92, regional fiddling champion

BYLINE: Joel Groover; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 06B

LENGTH: 567 words


Two decades after it started in 1913, the Georgia Old-Time Fiddle Convention
remained a showcase for fiddle-playing country boys.

But in 1931, a young fiddler from Paulding County, Anita E. Mathis, defeated
country music legend Fiddlin' John Carson.

She became the first woman to win the convention, and the country boys weren't
happy about it.

"All the men were complaining about her, and my grandfather was hollerin' the
loudest," said Johnny Carson of Stone Mountain, co-founder of the Atlanta
Country Music Hall of Fame. "She won first place in 1931, then won the
interstate championships later that year. She won the interstate championships
again in 1934."

Mrs. Mathis, 92, toured with the Oklahoma Cowgirls during the 1930s and played
on WSB radio shows with the Dixie String Band and the Tennessee Firecrackers.
She died of pneumonia Friday at the New London Health Center in Snellville. A
graveside service will be at 1 p.m. Tuesday at Eastview Cemetery in Rome. Tom M.
Wages, Snellville Chapel, is in charge of arrangements.

Mrs. Mathis grew up on a farm in Powder Springs and began learning to play the
fiddle from her father when she was 8. Her sister played the mandolin, and her
two brothers played banjo and guitar.

The family entertained at square dances and church functions, and by the time
Mrs. Mathis was a teenager, she had become an accomplished fiddler.

She entered her first fiddling contests during the 1920s, winning second place
at the state convention and taking the first prize at the Old Fiddlers' Contest
in Chattanooga in 1926.

"Her style was that of the traditional North Georgia mountain fiddler, the style
of Gid Tanner and Fiddlin' John Carson," said Wayne Daniel, author of "Pickin'
on Peachtree: A History of Country Music in Atlanta," which contains an entry
about Mrs. Mathis.

"There were not a lot of women fiddlers back then," he said. "In the time the
state convention got so much publicity, there's documentation of only three
different women who entered the contest."

Mrs. Mathis became a Georgia celebrity after she won the state convention in
1931. Newspapers wrote about her performance, and Mrs. Mathis won several other
fiddling titles in subsequent years, including two interstate championships. She
joined the Oklahoma Cowgirls during the mid 1930s and performed throughout the
Southeast.

Mrs. Mathis played the fiddle all her life, but stopped playing professionally
during the years she raised her children.

Her playing became a bit rusty as a result, but while in her late 80s, living at
a Snellville nursing home, Mrs. Mathis picked up the fiddle again.

After reading a newspaper article about Mrs. Mathis, Barbara Panter of Tucker, a
fiddle player with a local Cajun band, began visiting and playing with Mrs.
Mathis.

"She was dying to play," Panter said. "She had a list of fiddle tunes, and we
played every song on that list. The more I went, the more she got back into the
swing of it. Sometimes her fingers were just flying and I could hardly keep up
with her. Her timing was perfect. You could tell that she played all her life."

The Atlanta Country Music Hall of Fame inducted Mrs. Mathis in 1982, and gives
an annual award in her name, Mr. Carson said.

Survivors include her son, John Wheeler of Monroe; a sister, Lorine Aikens of
Douglasville; four grandchildren; and six great-grandchildren.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mug of Anita E. Mathis

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution

                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                       July 13, 2015 Monday 11:40 AM  EST

FIDDLE WORKSHOP PART OF FOLK FESTIVAL

LENGTH: 1075 words


NATCHITOCHES, La., July 13 -- Northwestern State University issued the following
news release:

Fiddlers Ron Yule and Dennis Elliott are bringing their unique playing styles to
this year's Natchitoches-NSU Folk Festival. While both musicians will be
performing on stage, they will also be conducting a fiddle workshop in which
they will share their expertise of improvised fiddle playing. Held from
11:00-12:30 on Saturday July 18 at the Festival, the workshop is open to all
ages, skill levels, and playing styles. The workshop is for anyone interested in
learning more about the history of fiddle playing in Louisiana, fiddle
techniques, style, pedagogy, or just looking forward to a fun time playing.
Participants are simply encouraged to come with an interest in learning more
about fiddle music. Fiddlers are more than welcome to bring their instruments if
they would like to do so. Participation in the workshop is at no extra charge
for Festival patrons.

Ron Yule began playing the fiddle in 1968 while a student. In 1973, Ron began
producing fiddle contests and promoting bluegrass shows throughout Louisiana and
southeast Texas. He and his wife Georgia produced the first bluegrass/fiddle
club and newsletter in the state of Louisiana, the Southwest Louisiana Fiddler
and Bluegrass Club, from 1974 to 1976. Ron continues to promote several
bluegrass shows each year, including the Beauregard Parish Fair Fiddle Contest,
an event that has been viable since 1925. After retiring, Ron began amassing all
the data and pictures he had collected over the previous 30 years and started a
written documentation of fiddling, bluegrass, Cajun, and country music in
Louisiana with a focus on southwest Louisiana. Ron continues to do what he loves
best, which is to "play music with bluegrass, country, and Cajun friends at jam
sessions, festivals, nursing homes and anywhere they'll allow the noise."

Recalling his time as a young fiddler, Yule speaks of how his interest in the
fiddle began. "You just enjoy the people, I enjoyed meeting with a bunch of
people and playing with them. You meet and play with the fiddlers, then have
biscuits and coffee." Playing multiple styles such as country, bluegrass, and
Cajun, Yule speaks of what makes fiddle music different from playing
classically. "I can't stand to look at the music," Yule explains. "I like the
free form. When you know how to play by ear, you can meet up with a band you've
never played with before, pick a key, and go play... it's a whirlwind."
Continuing, Yule describes how fiddling is not just about the genre of music.
"Fiddling isn't about just knowing a bunch of the popular tunes, it's about the
free form, and playing the best you can in that moment."

Dennis Elliott began playing the guitar and violin at the age of 10. By the age
of 19 he had already won four State Championship Titles in fiddle & banjo. After
graduating from Loyola with a degree in jazz violin, he played in several bands
and won the 1992 Florida State Fiddle Championship, the 2002, 2004, and 2007
Virginia State Fiddling Championships, the Bluegrass Fiddling Championship at
the Masters Of Traditional String Music 2003, Roanoke Invitational, a
National-Level Competition, the 2009 Virginia State Mandolin and Banjo
Championships, the 2010 Virginia State Mandolin Championship, and the 2012
Virginia State Mandolin and Banjo Championships.

Though every fiddler has a different style and approach to technique, Elliott
shares a similar school of thought with Yule. "For improvising violinists/fiddle
players, you start learning theory and then you work on your theory. If one just
reads notes off the page, they are a classical musician. If you play fiddle
music out of a book, and there is no improv, it is still classical." Elliott
describes how the ability to play notes well is important, but to improv you
have to know why to play a note. "The training and theory gives you the notes
you need to play. Knowing what's in the chord that you are playing at the moment
and what is coming up next-it's imperative."

The 36th Annual Natchitoches-NSU Folk Festival will be held on Friday, July 17th
and Saturday, July 18th in air-conditioned Prather Coliseum which is located at
220 South Jefferson Street, on the campus of Northwestern State University in
Natchitoches. The site is wheelchair accessible and the festival is family
oriented. Children 12 and under receive free admission to all events on both
days. Tickets can be purchased at Prather Coliseum on July 17th and 18th. The
ticket booth opens at 4:30 pm on July 17th and at 8:00 am on July 18th. The
Festival closes at 10:30 pm both nights. The Festival features three stages of
music and food on both days, and on Saturday the Festival will also include
crafts, and narrative sessions. An aspect of the Festival of special interest to
fiddlers will be the Louisiana State Fiddle Championship, held on Saturday from
1-4 PM in the Magale Recital Hall on the NSU campus. Late registration for the
Championship runs from noon to 1 PM for those fiddlers not yet signed up to
compete.

The 2015 Festival theme is "Backroads and Bayous: Celebrating Louisiana's Rural
Folklife." The Natchitoches-NSU Folk Festival prides itself on the craftsmanship
and artisanship the attending crafters bring. More than three dozen craftspeople
will display their traditional work on Saturday and discuss their work with
those attending the Festival. Craftspeople are expected to display furniture,
art, toys, dolls, jewelry, whips, musical instruments, baskets, beadwork and
more. For more information go to http://louisianafolklife.nsula.edu/, visit the
Louisiana Folklife Center Facebook page at
https://www.facebook.com/NSULAFOLKLIFECENTER, or call the Louisiana Folklife
Center at (318) 357-4332.

Support for the Festival is provided by grants and donations from the Cane River
National Heritage Area, City Bank & Trust Co., the City of Natchitoches, Elite
Broadcasting, the Louisiana Division of the Arts - Shreveport Regional Arts
Council, www.LouisianaTravel.com and the Louisiana Office of Tourism, the
Natchitoches Area Convention & Visitors Bureau, the Natchitoches Historic
District Development Commission, the National Park Service, the New Orleans Jazz
and Heritage Foundation Inc., Time-It Lube LLC, and Weyerhaeuser of
Natchitoches. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                              July 27, 2007 Friday

Celtic music's underlying story fascinates P-T fiddler

BYLINE: Patti Dobranski

LENGTH: 383 words


Golden light streamed through the stained-glass windows of Covenant Hall in
Irwin, encircling Colyn Fischer as he made music with his beloved, 81-year-old
fiddle.

"Angus," as he affectionately calls the Pittsburgh-crafted violin, has been at
the center of his life for 16 years.

Music, however, has been in his soul since his birth 29 years ago.

"I was always a musical kid. When I was 3, I was kicked out of preschool, so my
parents got me a violin," said the 1995 Penn-Trafford High School graduate who
lives in Barstow, Calif.

Now a three-time national Scottish fiddle champion, Fischer will be performing a
selection of self-composed and classical Scottish music at Covenant Hall at 7
tonight accompanied by guitarist Joshua Carns and pianist Joshua Ben.

Two years after he first touched a violin, a trip to Williamsburg, Va., ignited
his passion for Scottish fiddle music.

"I saw a man named John Turner doing a re-enactment and he was playing the
Scottish fiddle. I told my parents that I wanted to do that," he said.

Fischer first met "Angus" while it was on display in the Pittsburgh studio of
his music teacher. It wasn't a pleasant experience.

"I was 13. I dropped it on the ground and smashed it to pieces. I broke it, so I
had to buy it. My father had to sell his Triumph motorcycle to pay the $3,000
for it," he said.

Today, the South Side-made, repaired Benjamin Franklin Phillips violin is worth
about $20,000.

At 16, Fischer won his first national championship as a junior fiddler. He
collected more national championships in 2005 and 2006.

He released a self-titled album of Scottish fiddle music in 2005 and says that
60 percent of his performance music is self-composed.

"Celtic music has made a comeback," he said.

The beauty and mystique of Celtic music lies in richness of the melody and the
story woven into each song, Fischer explained.

"It's pictorial story music. But it's not really the kind of music for a hall
performance. I almost feel uncomfortable doing a performance here because it
belongs in a pub or in your living room," he said.

As music teacher for third- through fifth-grade students in California, Fischer
often promises to reward good behavior with some Scottish fiddle music with
"Angus."

"They love it. It's something they never heard before," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            November 16, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Fiddle prodigy keeps flame burning in first trip to Edmonton; Mike Cleveland has
stunned bluegrass audiences since age of 10

BYLINE: Peter North, Freelance

SECTION: WHAT'S ON; Peter North; Pg. G15

LENGTH: 539  words


Mike Cleveland could be the fiddle player to the stars if he wanted to nudge his
career in that direction.

Five times this decade, he has won Fiddle Player of the Year honours from the
International Bluegrass Music Association, and his talents have drawn praise
from Vince Gill, Mac Wiseman, Marty Stuart, Rhonda Vincent and Alison Krauss.

In 1993, when Cleveland was just 13, Krauss invited him to join her as a guest
on the Grand Ole Opry. He was considered "the" child prodigy of bluegrass fiddle
players.

Vincent came calling a number of years later, and between 2000 and 2002
Cleveland was a member of the band The Rage.

Today, Cleveland's focus is keeping the wheels on his all-star band Flamekeeper.
The quintet makes its Edmonton debut Saturday night at the Royal Alberta Museum
Theatre for the Northern Bluegrass Circle.

"This all started when my grandparents would take me to bluegrass jams when I
was three years old."

Now 27, the native of Charlestown, Ind., still remembers the impact Orange
Blossom Special had on him the first time he heard the piece at one of those
sessions.

At age four, Cleveland was taking a Suzuki method violin class. By the time he
was 10, he had jammed with Bill Monroe at his Bean Blossom Festival.

"Bill Monroe's fiddle player, Tater Tate, was also at that sunset jam and he was
one of my major influences." Cleveland also puts Chubby Wise and Kenny Baker at
the top of his list of most-admired players.

Though he had chops to spare at a young age, Cleveland credits Vincent for
opening his eyes to becoming a more complete entertainer.

"The last year I was a member of The Rage, we did over 200 dates. Rhonda really
knows how to put on a show, read an audience, and when to kick it up a notch."

His backup band is top-notch. Mandolinst Jesse Brock toured with Chris Jones,
both guitarist Todd Rakestraw and bass-playing Marshall Wilborn have had their
songs covered by Alison Krauss, and John Mark Batchelor is an accomplished banjo
player.

"This is my dream band and we play old-style bluegrass, but focus on new songs."

Cleveland expects this lineup to have a disc out on the Rounder label next year.

Tickets for Saturday's Michael Cleveland and Flamekeeper concert are available
at Tix on the Square and Myhre's Music. The doors at the Royal Museum Theatre
open at 7:30 p.m. and showtime is 8.

A MUSICAL WEEKEND

- Myrol and The Trucks at the Full Moon Folk Club are one of three other
noteworthy roots shows this weekend.

"The Trucks' lineup is Dave and Paul Martineau, Gary Bowman and myself. We'll be
joined by the Tail Gaters, Joanne and Haley Myrol and Laura Vinson for a few
tunes," bassist Fred Larose says of the band that continues to regularly tour
and play country festivals in Europe.

Tickets for tonight's show will be available at the door of St. Basil's, 10819
71st Ave.

- The Edmonton Blues Society presents a jam hosted by Marshall Lawrence at Queen
Alexandra Hall which starts at 8 p.m. Saturday.

- The Front Porch Blues Revue takes over the Blue Chair Cafe with a night of
acoustic blues Saturday. The crew includes Hank Leonhardt (Fistful of
Blues/Uncle Wiggly's), Ron Rault (Rault Brothers), Ken Kirkwood (Tacoy Ryde) and
Crawdad Cantera (The Sleepers). For ticket information, phone 989-2861.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Jim Mcguire, Supplied; Mike Cleveland ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                            July 25, 2002, Thursday

READER'S LETTER: SHAMEFUL TO CLOSE VENUES

BYLINE: Arturo Velasco

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 181 words


Sir, - As a guest of your city, I am saddened by the news that the Fiddle & Bone
may close. A few months ago, I learned that I would be coming to Birmingham for
work.

I was very much looking forward to hearing some world-class jazz music at both
Ronnie Scott's and the Fiddle & Bone. Mind you, I haven't been to your city
since the summer of 97. I was very disappointed to learn that Ronnie Scott's
doesn't even exist, and the Fiddle & Bone may soon close its doors.

This is truly shameful, in my opinion. A city of your stature should be
promoting venues such as this, where young people can display their musical
talents.

On Sunday afternoon, July 22, I went to the Fiddle & Bone to hear an incredible
group of jazz musicians, all locals. They were so inspiring!

They could very well have been playing at the Blue Note in New York, the Jazz
Showcase in Chicago, or Catalina's in Los Angeles. But they were playing here in
Birmingham, for a very enthusiastic crowd. Please, folks, don't take this venue
away. Your city needs it.

ARTURO VELASCO Los Angeles.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2002 Midland Independent Newspapers plc

                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                            July 25, 2002, Thursday

READER'S LETTER: SHAMEFUL TO CLOSE VENUES

BYLINE: Arturo Velasco

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 181 words


Sir, - As a guest of your city, I am saddened by the news that the Fiddle & Bone
may close. A few months ago, I learned that I would be coming to Birmingham for
work.

I was very much looking forward to hearing some world-class jazz music at both
Ronnie Scott's and the Fiddle & Bone. Mind you, I haven't been to your city
since the summer of 97. I was very disappointed to learn that Ronnie Scott's
doesn't even exist, and the Fiddle & Bone may soon close its doors.

This is truly shameful, in my opinion. A city of your stature should be
promoting venues such as this, where young people can display their musical
talents.

On Sunday afternoon, July 22, I went to the Fiddle & Bone to hear an incredible
group of jazz musicians, all locals. They were so inspiring!

They could very well have been playing at the Blue Note in New York, the Jazz
Showcase in Chicago, or Catalina's in Los Angeles. But they were playing here in
Birmingham, for a very enthusiastic crowd. Please, folks, don't take this venue
away. Your city needs it.

ARTURO VELASCO Los Angeles.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2002 Midland Independent Newspapers plc

                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                          September 22, 2011 Thursday

Great Scot! Fiddle/bagpipe trio performs Friday at Hooker-Dunham Theater

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 318 words


Thursday September 22, 2011

BRATTLEBORO -- Twilight Music presents an evening of high-energy Scottish music
from Edinburgh and New England by fiddle/bagpipe trio Cantrip at Hooker-Dunham
Theater & Gallery, 139 Main St., on Friday at 7:30 p.m.

Cantrip has been wowing audiences with its driving blend of twin fiddles,
bagpipes and guitar. The name is an Old Scots word meaning a charm, magic spell
or piece of mischief, and it aptly describes the unexpected twists and turns in
their musical arrangements as well as the compelling potency of their
musicianship.

While firmly rooted in the Scottish tradition, Cantrip's music takes influences
from, and excursions into, music from the Scandinavian, Balkan, Basque, Breton
and Québécoise traditions. Founding members Dan Houghton (highland bagpipes,
borderpipes and smallpipes, flute, whistles, voice) and Jon Bews (fiddle,
mandolin, voice) along with Eric McDonald (guitar) create a sound that is
energetic and inspiring in the reels and jigs, sensitive and contemplative in
the slow airs and never without a touch of humor.

Houghton has played and taught pipes extensively throughout New England, Britain
and Europe, and has toured as a soloist as well as in various ensembles,
including the Scottish fusion band Salsa Celtica, and the New Zealand Irish band
Blackthorn. In addition to performing with Cantrip and the acclaimed vocal-led
Scottish band Malinky, Bews has earned a reputation for himself as a dance
fiddler, playing for Scottish Country Dance classes and balls all over Europe.
Boston-based Berklee College of Music graduate Eric McDonald performs with
celtic, contra dance band Matching Orange and New England Scottish Fiddle
Champion Katie McNally.

Tickets for the concert are $14 general, $12 for students and seniors. For
reservations and information, call 802-254-9276. For more information, visit
www.cantrip-music.co.uk and www.hookerdunham.org .

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cantrip plays high-energy Scottish music on Friday at the Hooker-Dunham
Theater in Brattleboro.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           January 22, 2009 Thursday

Arts Notebook for 1-23-09

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 1392 words


Northern Roots Traditional Music FestivalOn Saturday, Jan. 31, the Brattleboro
Music Center's second annual Northern Roots Traditional Music Festival will
bring together local and regional musicians representing the best of various
northern musical traditions including Irish, Scottish, English and French
Canadian. Among the musicians involved are Keith Murphy and Becky Tracy - two
thirds of the trio Nightingale, who have been prominent players in the New
England traditional music scene for more than 15 years. For the past two years,
they have been collaborating with the Brattleboro Music Center to expand the
presence of celtic music at the BMC and produce the Northern Roots Festival.
"The Northern Roots Festival is a tremendous chance to bring together the local
community of traditional players, share our music with each other and the
community at large, and an opportunity to connect with other players in the
region, from Boston to Western Mass to Albany," explains Northern Roots
organizer Keith Murphy.The Northern Roots Festival begins with a day of
participation workshops, mini-concerts and sessions, followed by an evening
performance.Musicians participating in daytime workshops, session and
mini-concerts include Keith Murphy (guitar and song), Becky Tracy (fiddle),
George Wilson (fiddle), Anadama (Bethany Waickman/guitar, Amelia Mason/fiddle,
Emily Troll/accordion), Matt and Shannon Heaton (guitar and flutes), Tony
Barrand (song), Lissa Schneckenburger (fiddle and song), Corey DiMario (guitar
and bass), Mary Cay Brass (piano accordion and piano), Naomi Morse, Andy Davis
(piano accordion and piano), Dan Gurney (accordion), Colin Lindsay (fiddle).
Sessions will also be led by Roger Kahle (guitar), Ross Kahle (bodhran,
whistles), Doug Creighton (button accordion), Jake Grieco (Irish flute), Randy
Miller (fiddle). The Northern Roots evening performance will feature George
Wilson, Anadama, Lissa Schneckenburger and Corey DiMario, Tony Barrand, Matt and
Shannon Heaton, with several special guest appearances.

All daytime events and the evening performance take place at New England Youth
Theatre, except for four daytime sessions to be held at McNeils Brewery. The
complete festival schedule and directions are available on the BMC's website
(bmcvt.org).Tickets for the Northern Roots Festival (combination day/evening
$25, daytime only $15, evening only $18; youth combination day/evening $10) are
available at the Brattleboro Music Center, 802-257-4523, or on-line at
brattleborotix.com. Advance ticket purchase is recommended. Event proceeds
benefit BMC programs. Visit bmcvt.org for more information.

House Concert in GuilfordJesse Lepkoff will perform on guitar and vocals along
with percussionist Ben James on Sunday, Jan 25 at 3 p.m., ($10/person at the
door) Jesse's music is inspired by classic bossa nova as exemplified by the
songs of Antonio Carlos Jobim and others. Ben James grew up in Guilford and
moved away to go to Bard College and then live in San Francisco. While in
California, he played with various jazz and new music groups such as Clutch
Cargo and John Tchichai. He currently lives in Brattleboro, hangs out with our
two boys, produces educational and documentary videos, and plays with local
jazz, rock and classical musicians as well as various out of towners such as New
York's Dan Zanes and Boston's Debbie Cavalier.The performance takes place at
2596 Tater Lane in Guilford. Call Wendy at 254-6189 for directions.

VTC's 'Harangue on Durang'The Vermont Theatre Company is proud to announce
"Harangue on Durang!," an evening of one act plays by award-winning absurdist
writer Christopher Durang. Come and enjoy such comedic favorites as "The Hardy
Boys and the Mystery of Where Babies Come From," "DMV Tyrant," and "The Actor's
Nightmare," on Friday and Saturday, Jan. 30 and 31, at 7:30 p.m., and Sunday,
Feb. 1, at 3 p.m., at the Hooker-Dunham Theater in Brattleboro. Tickets are $12
for adults, $10 for seniors and students for Friday and Saturday, $10 all
admissions on Sunday. For reservations and more information please call (802)
258-1344 or visit www.vermonttheatrecompany.com.

Stand Up Comedy at Hooker-DunhamScamps Comedy Productions presents standup
comedians, Nathan Brady Crain (the best comic you've never seen), Danny Gill and
Patty Punch, in another in a series of monthly comedy shows at Hooker-Dunham
Theater & Gallery on Saturday, Jan. 24 at 8 p.m.The Hooker-Dunham Theater &
Gallery is located at 139 Main Street in downtown Brattleboro, VT. Tickets for
this show are $12. For ticket reservations and information, call 802-254-9276.
For more information, visit www.nathanbradycrain.com and www.hookerdunham.org.

Ameranouche Performs at Marlboro CollegeThe gypsy jazz trio, Ameranouche, will
play a free, public concert in the Whittemore Theater at Marlboro College,
starting at 7:30 p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 29.The performance is a rescheduling of
a December concert postponed by an ice storm that knocked out power in the town
of Marlboro and made roads unsafe to drive.The New England-based trio features
guitarists Richard Sheppard, Ryan Flaherty and bassist Xar Adelberg. The
nationally acclaimed Gypsy Jazz ensemble plays acoustic hot jazz, both original
compositions and unique arrangements by American and Gypsy songwriters. For more
information please contact the Marlboro College Public Relations office at
802-251-7644 or pr@marlboro.edu In the event of inclement weather, please call
802-451-7151 for cancellation information.

RGS Now EnrollingNew offerings well as old favorites are on the schedule of art
classes and workshops for the new semester starting in February at River Gallery
School is now enrolling for the Winter-Spring semester of art classes for
children and adults. A full schedule of workshops, including Watercolor with
Homer Johnson, Sequencing with Lydia Thomson, a Life Drawing Marathon with Jason
Alden, and Chinese Brush Painting with Bruce Iverson, is also planned. Collage
with Julia Zanes and Pastels with Matthew Peake Helen Schmidt is also planning
to hold a weekend Printmaking workshop.Our new location at 32 Main Street in
Brattleboro offers an elevator for handicapped accessibility. Please come visit
and pick up a schedule and take a tour of our studios, or call or e-mail us at
257-1577 or rgsart@sover.net For more information, we are on the web at
www.rivergalleryschool.org.

BMC Now Registering Adults, ChildrenIn January, a new semester begins at the
Brattleboro Music Center Music School and with it comes many opportunities for
students of all ages and abilities to play, sing, listen, learn and enjoy making
music together.The Music School's programs include individual lessons, classes,
ensembles and student orchestras. Among the classes being offered for adults
this semester are Celtic Session Fiddling Workshop, Celtic Music Session,
Solfege Sight-Singing, and Awareness through Movement for Musicians. Classes for
youth include Annie's Frelich's Movin' Intro Music and the new Little Strummers
Ukelele Club, Music Makers for grades K-3, Solfege for Jr. High and High School
students, and the Music Adventure Program for children with disabilities.The BMC
believes that music should be accessible to all who seek it and toward that goal
the Music School awards more than $20,000 annually in scholarships. It is never
too early or too late to come play at the Music School. For a full description
of programs visit www.bmcvt.org or call the Brattleboro Music Center at
802-257.4523.

Artists invited to submit work to regional exhibitThe West Hartford Art League
is accepting entries for its annual juried exhibit, CT+5, which will showcase
work from New England artists in its two galleries April 16 - May 17. This
year's exhibit will be juried by Patricia Hickson, the Emily Hall Tremaine
Curator of Contemporary Art at the Wadsworth Atheneum in Hartford. Best of Show
includes a $500 award and a one person show during the upcoming year. Artists
from CT plus the five New England states are invited to submit work either
digitally or in person by April 6. A complete prospectus can be downloaded from
the West Hartford Art Leagues website at www.whal.org The West Hartford Art
League is a regional arts organization that offers year round classes, and holds
monthly exhibits in its two galleries. It was established in 1934.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 6, 2012 Wednesday

Mount Airy Fiddlers Convention 2012 winners announced

BYLINE: The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 883 words


June 06--The winners for the 41st annual Mount Airy Fiddlers Convention have
been announced.

This year the award for the Most Promising Talent was given to Carson Peterson
of Pine Flats, Tenn., who played the fiddle. It is estimated that this
Saturday's convention was probably the most heavily attended.

While rain caused Friday night's performances to be moved inside to the
grandstand at Veterans Park, on Saturday performers returned to the stage. From
young and old, locals to those who came from as far as Italy to attend this
year's convention, everyone in attendance seemed to be having a great time.

Here are this year's winners:

Adult Folk Song

First place -- Montana Young, Stuart, Va.

Second place -- Jennifer Maurer, Homeworth, Ohio

Third place -- Kenneth Johnson, Alpharetta, Ga.

Fourth place -- Steve Marshall, Mount Airy

Fifth place -- Tommy Nichols, Mount Airy

Youth Folk Song

First place -- Carson Peters Pine Flats, Tenn.

Second place- Sierra Castilo, Mount Airy

Fourth place -- Vivian LeVa, Lexington, Va.

Fifth place -- Iris Newlin, Greensboro

Adult Bluegrass Band

First place -- Dj Crew & The Old South

Second place -- Cross Road, Cana, Va.

Third place -- Adam McPeak & Mt Thunder, Max Meadows, Va.

Fourth place -- Banana Express, Winchester, Va.

Fifth place -- Destination Bluegrass, Mocksville

Adult Old Time Band

First place -- The Tenderloins, Winston-Salem

Second place -- Slate Mountain Ramblers, Mount Airy

Second place -- Slate Mountain Ramblers, Mount Airy

Third place -- Pilot Mountain Bobcats, Westfield

Fourth place -- Round Peak Ramblers, Mount Airy

Fifth place -- The Midriffs Gaping Gap, West Virginia

Adult Bluegrass Fiddle

First place -- Montana Young, Stuart, Va.

Second place -- Marlon Dean, Max Meadows, Va.

Third place -- Rebecca Bolt, Willis, Va.

Fourth place -- Spencer Strickland, Cana, Va.

Fifth place -- Daniel Greeson, Jamestown

Adult Old Time Fiddle

First place -- Richard Bowman, Mount Airy

Second place -- Jake Krak, Charleston, W.Va.

Third place -- Nick McMillian

Fourth place -- David Bass, Durham

Fifth place -- Erynn Marshall, Galax, Va.

Youth Bluegrass Fiddle

First place -- Carson Peters, Piney, Flats, Tenn.

Second place -- Mary Ciar Hooper, Elkin

Third place -- Kaleigh Stills, Asheville

Fourth place -- Tori Jones, Linwood

Fifth place -- Maggie Easter, Stuart, Va.

Youth Old Time Fiddle

First place -- Sierra Castillo, Mount Airy

Second place -- Ruth Shumway, Charlotte

Third place -- Gracen Chaley, Ambler, Pa

Fourth place -- Luke Barnhill

Fifth place -- Sara Dunlap, Winchester, Va.

Adult Bluegrass Banjo

First place -- Hersie McMillian

Second place -- Jay Adams, Pine Hall

Third place -- Tommy Morse, Stuart, Va.

Fourth place -- Paul Kovac

Fifth place -- Derek Easter, Cana, Va.

Adult Old Time Banjo

First place -- Brian Fain, Stuart, Va.

Second place -- Marsha Todd, Mount Airy

Third place -- Jarred Boyd, Laurel Fork, Va.

Fourth place -- Nathan Bowles, Blacksburg, Va.

Fifth place -- Victor Furtado

Youth Bluegrass Banjo

First place -- Travis Watts, Mount Airy

Second place -- Noah Stills, Asheboro

Third place -- David Crissly

Youth Old Time Banjo

First place -- Miguel Vill, Alleghany

Adult Guitar

First place -- Jake Hiatt, Mount Airy

Second place -- Jack Dunlap, Winchester, Va.

Third place -- Ben Watington, Mocksville

Fourth place -- David Russell, Prospect Hill

Fifth place -- Ed Davis, Pikeville

Youth Guitar

First place -- Tony Hicks, Laurel Forks, Va.

Second place -- Jeffrey Rotten, Ararat

Third place -Etahan Ayers, Cana, Va.

Fourth place -- Nick Weitzenfield, Pilot, Va.

Fifth place -- Ben Owen, Marshall

Adult Bass

First place -- Andrew Small, New Haven, Conn.

Second place -- Tommy Nichols, Mount Airy

Third place -- Barbara Bowman, Mount Airy

Fourth place -- Daisy Mallett, Fla.

Fifth place -- Stacy Boyd, Laurel Fork, Va.

Youth Bass

First place -- Lulu Furtado, Front Royal, Va.

Adult Dobro

First place -- Josh Hazelwood, Cana, Va.

Second place -- Robert Ellis, Mocksville

Third place -- Caleb Cox

Fourth place -- Tom Costner, Pilot Mountain

Fifth place -- Brandon Skinner, Chesterfield, Va.

Adult Dulcimer

First place -- Marsha Harris, Morehead City

Second place -- Alan Darveaux, Morganton

Third place -- Phillis Gaskins, Port Republic, Va.

Fourth place -- Wayne Jordon, Meadows Of Dan, Va.

Fifth place -- Clarence Roberts, Galax, Va.

Adult Mandolin

First place -- Taylor Baker, Winchester, Va.

Second place -- Adam McPeak, Max Meadows, Va.

Third place -- Nicholas Goad

Fourth place -- Ceilia Stephanini, Bologna, Italy

Fifth place -- Tom Mindte

Youth Mandolin

First place -- Mary Dunlap, Winchester, Va.

Adult Autoharp

First place -- Bobbi Roberts, Galax, Va.

Second place -- Libby Kahn, Independence, Va.

Third place -- Penny Kilby, Mouth Of Wilson, Va.

Fourth place -- Sharon R. Cox, Willis, Va.

Fifth place -- Virgil Adams, Fries, Va.

Adult Dance

First place -- Marsha Todd, Mount Airy

Second place -- Michael Motley, Mount Airy

Third place -- Susan Ashe, Lowgap

Fourth place -- Cody Jackson, Austinville, Va.

Fifth place -- Barbara Bowman, Mount Airy

Youth Dance

First place -- Alex Meredith, Siler City

Second place -- Mattie Amundsen, Longwood, Fla.

Third place -- Mary Claire Hooper, Elkin

Fourth place -- Ruth Shumway, Charlotte

Fifth place -- Victor Furtato, Front Royal, Va.

___ (c)2012 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120606-NI-Mount-Airy-Fiddlers-Convention-2012-winners-announced-0606-20120606

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2012

                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                              May 31, 2013, Friday

Vandalia Gathering winners

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P2D

LENGTH: 346 words


West Virginia's champion old-time fiddle and banjo, bluegrass banjo, lap
dulcimer, flatpick guitar and mandolin players competed for top honors last
Saturday during the West Virginia Division of Culture and History's 37th annual
Vandalia Gathering. The winners were:

-Youth Old-Time Fiddle (age 15 and under)

1st place Walter King, Elkins

2nd place Lydia Hager, Kenna

3rd place Chloe Sergent, Milton

-Old-Time Fiddle (age 59 and under)

1st place Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

2nd place Jason Chewning, Beverly

3rd place Walter King, Elkins

4th place Cody Jordan, Point Pleasant

5th place Robbie Mann, Glenville

-Senior Old-Time Fiddle (age 60 and over)

1st place Elmer Rich, Morgantown

2nd place Jim Mullins, St. Albans

3rd place Terry Vaughan, Cross Lanes

4th place John Morris, Ivydale

5th place Richard Eddy, Maidsville

-Mandolin (all ages)

1st place David Watson Jr., West Union

2nd place Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

3rd place Karl Smakula, Montrose

4th place Robin Kessinger, St. Albans

5th place Ben Perdue, Morgantown

-Bluegrass Banjo (all ages)

1st place Logan Browning, St. Albans

2nd place Marteka Lake, Hacker Valley

3rd place Karl Smakula, Montrose

4th place Robert Russell, Tallmansville

5th place Blaine Johnson, Beaver n Lap Dulcimer (all ages)

1st place Martha Turley, Ona

2nd place Will Manahan, Elkview

3rd place Ezra Drumheller, Prosperity

4th place Ryan Davis, Beckley

5th place Morgan Spradling, Beckley

-Old-Time Banjo (59 and under)

1st place Tim Bing, Huntington

2nd place Logan Hoy, Belle

3rd place Dennis Ott, Ronceverte

4th place Chad Ashworth, St. Albans

5th place James Blankenship, Sand Fork

-Senior Old-Time Banjo (age 60 and over)

1st place Jim Mullins, St. Albans

2nd place Paul Gartner, Yawkey

3rd place Ken Sheller, Elkins

4th place John Morris, Ivydale

5th place NA

-Youth Flatpick Guitar (age 15 and under)

1st place Bryant Underwood, Charleston

2nd place Isaac Putnam, Looneyville

3rd place Claire Walker, Charleston

-Flatpick Guitar (all ages)

1st place Adam Hager, Kenna

2nd place Jamie Rhodes, Culloden

3rd place Matt Lindsey, Dunbar

4th place Doug Workman, St. Albans

5th place Jarrod Saul, Sumerco

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers

                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           December 29, 2009 Tuesday

First fiddle;
Eileen Ivers aims to begin new year on positive note

BYLINE: Richard Duckett, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 914 words


Here's one of Eileen Ivers' New Year's Eve wishes:

"I want to leave folks feeling very positive and joyful heading into the New
Year." Which is excellent news for folks here since Ivers and her band Immigrant
Soul will be spending the night of Dec. 31 as a headline act for First Night
Worcester 2010 with performances at 9:30 and 10:45 p.m. in Mechanics Hall.

The electric, eclectic Irish-American fiddler extraordinaire has played in
Worcester before, including a previous First Night Worcester appearance. "I have
some very nice memories. It's a great community," said Ivers, who lives in New
York City.

So those already in the know, will know the following: "In set after set, she
played with a tremendous energy and excitement that easily caught on with the
wildly enthusiastic audience." That was from a 2000 Telegram & Gazette review by
David Lasky.

At 44, Ivers continues to relish performing live. This holiday season she
certainly hasn't spent much time sitting down staring at the holly and the ivy.
Part of her recent holiday tour included a string of engagements in Alaska.

"I love it," she said of performing before audiences. "It's such a passion
still. Thankfully the band and I share it. It's ridiculous. We go over the top.
We have to give everything."

Who could wish for more? But, actually, there is a lot more to Ivers. In the
case of this "Riverdance" star, it is not just still waters that run deep. She's
done post-graduate work in mathematics, for example. Musically, the equation
includes playing on more than 60 records, including releases by Paula Cole and
Patti Smith. She was a founding member of the band Cherish the Ladies and worked
with The Chieftains. Her fiddle work was featured on the movie "Titanic," and
she was the featured performer in the touring version of "Riverdance."' She's
worked with the Boston Pops and recently played some dates with Sting in support
of his new album, "If On a Winter's Night."

So, given her diversity and Irish-American heritage, just how much of her music
is Irish and how much is American or otherwise?

"There's a lot of blend," she said. "Certainly the core of it is Irish. At the
same time, we do love to draw parallels." Irish music, she noted, is the
"backbone" of American musical forms such as bluegrass.

Ivers' musical background was formed growing up in the Bronx, N.Y., a daughter
of Irish immigrants from County Mayo. "County Bronx," Ivers quipped about her
neighborhood. But while there were plenty of other Irish immigrants there, other
ethnic heritages helped make for an interesting blend "There was a mix. It was a
great neighborhood to grow up."

Ivers spent her summer school vacations in Ireland. "I got a wonderful sense of
our Irish heritage," she said. She has recalled visiting grandparents, aunts,
uncles and cousins, and, as she once put it, "chasing the farm animals around,
toppling over haystacks, and entering music competitions."

In fact, she was seven-time All-Ireland Fiddle Champion.

An uncle told her of a memory he had of Ivers as a young child holding a pink
plastic guitar and trying to play it fiddle-style with a wooden spoon. Ivers can
recall listening to records at home and becoming entranced by the sounds that
the fiddle can make. "I remember thinking that sound - it's such a warm sound,
so much joy can be on that instrument.

"I was a pretty serious kid. Every day it wasn't hard to get me to sit down and
practice. The competitions began fairly early. But I never dreamed I'd be
playing professionally."

Ivers credits her early successes to her New York fiddle teacher, Martin
Mulvihill. "It was unheard of," she said of an American girl from the Bronx
winning fiddle competitions in Ireland. "It's just a testament to the teacher we
had. He just embodied Irishness."

She has maintained her Irish connections. "My husband and I built a home in the
West of Ireland. It feels very natural there. My folks often go back. It's
really like a full circle."

Speaking of circles, Ivers has won fans around the globe while touring the
world. The Irish music has a universal appeal, she said. "One big part of it -
there's so many emotions in it. Slow airs, beautiful old melodies that people
can latch on to. And the joy - it's so accessible. People around the world can
feel that."

Closer to home, Ivers was asked what she'll be performing in Worcester on
Thursday. Given that it is still the holidays, there will likely be a couple of
songs of the season, she said. Sting's evocative "Soul Cakes" from "If On a
Winter's Night" has made an impression. "I just fell in love with the song. It's
a beautiful winter song." Irish bluegrass will also likely be on the First Night
list.

"It's such a special night. You can bring something special and put your spirit
out there and make it a special night for everyone," she said. She paused, "As
I'm talking to you, I'm thinking of a tune I wrote for my parents - `Bygone
Days.'"

That will be on the list, too.

Members of the McInerney School of Irish Step Dance will perform Thursday with
Ivers and her band. Ivers is looking forward to working with the dancers. But
the occasion will also be poignant. Mary Bridget McInerney-Zona, who founded the
school in 1983, died in July at age 44.

Eileen Ivers and Immigrant Soul at First Night Worcester

When: 9:30 and 10:45 p.m. Thursday

Where: Mechanics Hall, 321 Main St., Worcester

How much: Admission to First Night Worcester events requires a button. Buttons
are $12 in advance of attending; $15 at the door.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Eileen Ivers and Immigrant Soul will give two performances at First Night in
Worcester.
Courtesy of CLAY PATRICK McBRIDE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            April 24, 2008 Thursday

ANNUAL SUPER FIDDLE SHOW A FAMILY AFFAIR

BYLINE: GERRY TAYLOR DOWNHOME MUSIC

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 846  words


The 20th annual Super Fiddle Show at the Riverview Arts Centre, May 10, 7:30
p.m., is proof that music - especially fiddle music - is a family affair.

The show features four famous fiddling families: the Ross Family of
Charlottetown; the Landry Family and Natasha Richard and Family, both of
Moncton; and Ivan and Vivian Hicks with their adopted family, Riverview's Sussex
Avenue Fiddlers.

The Rosses are four siblings: Danielle, Stephanie, Alex and Johnny with mother
Dorothy. They play a unique blend of Acadian and Scottish music, fiddling,
step-dancing, storytelling and singing.

The Landry Family centres around two young musical prodigies, Allison, 10, and
Alexander, 12, the great-grandchildren of Canadian fiddling icon Ned Landry. The
duo, along with father Terry on guitar mix fiddling, step-dancing, singing,
harmonica and yodeling.

Natasha Richard and Family are a new act steeped in a long music tradition.
Natasha, her sister Josee, mother Nicole and father Gerry entertain with toe-
tapping fiddling, step-dancing and three- and four-part harmony singing.
Natasha, grandfather Alyre Doiron and aunt Evelyn Doiron are also Sussex Avenue
Fiddlers.

The Sussex Avenue Fiddlers are an elite ensemble founded by Ivan and Vivian
Hicks. Veterans of all 20 Super Fiddle Shows, they've toured Canada and recently
did a 17-day tour of Virginia, Tennessee and Louisiana, including Nashville and
Memphis. Ivan emcees and Maritime Express (Del Wheaton, Tom Johnson, Ivan and
Vivian) is the backing band.

Advance tickets are $13 at Frank's Music, Moncton (854-1672); the tobacco shop
at Sobeys, 535 Coverdale Road; and Morris Music outlets in Sussex, Rothesay and
Saint John.

Kingston Dinner Theatre Friday

Steamboats and Riverbanks, a dinner theatre at Kingston Parish Hall Friday,
features stories, songs and music by Carolyn Murray and Stephanie Mainville.
Dinner starts with appetizers and punch at 6:30 p.m., followed by tomato bisque,
roast pork tenderloin dinner and dessert, tea or coffee. Tickets, $20, are
limited; call 763-3183 to reserve.

Norton Variety Saturday

A Bloomin' Variety Show, Saturday, 7:30 p.m., at the Catholic Hall in Norton
features the Southern Flavour Bluegrass band (Brad Goguen, guitar; Eddie
Poirier, banjo, fiddle; Richard Brown, mandolin, mandolo; and Heather Brown,
stand-up bass; vocals by all). Also on the bill is Anastasia DesRoches, from
Prince Edward Island, a noted Acadian fiddler, composer and teacher with strong
roots in Irish, Scottish and Acadian styles. The dynamic fiddle and piano duo of
Kim and Jeff Matheson will also perform, as will folk singer-songwriter Ruth
Dunfield.

Admission is $10; proceeds will help stage a Second Annual Bloomin' Roots
Festival Aug. 23 in Bloomfield.

Woodstock Fiddling Saturday

Maritime Fiddle Association fiddle doo and potluck, Saturday, 2 -7p.m., at the
Knights of Columbus Hall, Woodstock, welcomes fiddlers, accompanists, dancers
and music lovers. A cash donation is requested as is a dish for the potluck.
Call 328-2978 for details.

Hillsborough Saturday

A country music jamboree, Saturday, 7 p.m., Kiwanis Centre in Hillborough,
features Blue Side of Lonesome with Gary Burgess, Gerald Carter, Justin
Bannister, Mort Mills, Cassey Steeves and Gary Belding. Call 756-8303 for
details.

Hoyt Gospel Sunday

An inspirational concert, Sunday, 6:30 p.m. at Hoyt Baptist Church features
Witness with William Plijnaar, Greg Stevens, Marsha Bimm, Debbie McCann, Al and
Brenda Hooper, Charlie Williams, Bertha McAleer and Lois McAleer.

Call Jeanie Tracy 738-1812 for details. An offering to help repair the Little
South Branch Heritage Church on Oromocto Lake Road is requested.

Lancaster Gospel Sunday

A gospel fest at Lancaster Baptist Church, Sunday, 6:30 p.m., features country,
bluegrass, contemporary and gospel music of praise by the Lancaster Praise Team,
Lancaster Ambassador Men's Choir, Donnie and Lorraine Bordage, Merle and Shirley
Fox, the Lightspot Band, Reggie Manzer, Hazel Marie Robertson and others. A
free-will offering for C. E. roof fund is requested.

Park Avenue Fiddle Jam

Park Ave Fiddlers host a jam Sunday at 7:30 p.m. at Park Avenue United Church,
Saint John East. All fiddlers, accompanists and fans are invited. Come, join in
or listen. Tea or coffee is served with a donation at door.

Roly MacIntyre Roast & Dinner

A Roly MacIntyre roast and fundraiser for AIDS research, Thursday, May 1, 6
p.m., in the Marco Polo Room at the Saint John Trade and Convention Centre
features talents such as Ned Landry, Allison Inch, Perry Craft, Willie Owens,
June Blanchard, Tim Wallace, Jim McFarland, Ron Maloney, Tom Noel and Audrey
Chamberlain, with emcee Jim Chamberlain. Tickets, $100, can be reserved by
calling 652-2437.

Jones Creek Beach Party

The annual Jones Creek beach party, May 3, 9 p.m.-12:30 a.m., features Randy
Vail and Lost Highway. Reserve tickets, $8, are available from Rose Linton at
757-2963. Randy and Lost Highway also play a Mother's Day dance at the
Fredericton Legion, May 10, 9 p.m.-12:30 a.m.

Gerry Taylor cgtaylor@nbnet.nb.ca has covered folk and country music for over 30
years.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2008 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 19, 2013 Sunday

BRIEF: Musicians string along songs during annual fiddle festival

BYLINE: Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 181 words


May 19--Musicians and music fans gathered Saturday for the 31st annual Early
Bird Fiddle Festival in the Berks County Heritage Center, Bern Township.

The event attracted its usual assortment of fiddle players of wide-ranging ages
and abilities, performing for fun and competition.

The following were winners:

First place: Libby Zech, Oley, age 10 and under; Kurtis Rohrbach,
Shoemakersville, 11-18; Eric Zimmerman, Bernville, 19 and over.

Second: Sophia DeLong, Sinking Spring, 10 and under; Lily Moran, Wyomissing, 11
to 18; Jamie Moran, Wyomissing, 19 and over.

Third: Jacob Thorpe, Mohnton, 10 and under; Colton Gotwals, Oley, 11 to 18.

Honorable Mention: Zoey Tidmore, Pottsville, 10 and under; Megan McIntyre,
Spring City, Chester County, 11 to 18.

Kurtis Rohrbach of Shoemakersville received the Mountain Folk Scholarship for
best fiddler in Appalachian or Irish style. Gotwals received the Berks Country
Award for best country tune on a fiddle.

___ (c)2013 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130519-RE-BRF-Musicians-string-along-songs-during-annual-fiddle
-festival-0519-20130519

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2013 Reading Eagle

                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           December 29, 2009 Tuesday

First fiddle // Eileen Ivers aims to begin new year on positive note

BYLINE: Richard Duckett

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 938 words


Here's one of Eileen Ivers' New Year's Eve wishes:

"I want to leave folks feeling very positive and joyful heading into the New
Year." Which is excellent news for folks here since Ivers and her band Immigrant
Soul will be spending the night of Dec. 31 as a headline act for First Night
Worcester 2010 with performances at 9:30 and 10:45 p.m. in Mechanics Hall.

The electric, eclectic Irish-American fiddler extraordinaire has played in
Worcester before, including a previous First Night Worcester appearance. "I have
some very nice memories. It's a great community," said Ivers, who lives in New
York City.

So those already in the know, will know the following: "In set after set, she
played with a tremendous energy and excitement that easily caught on with the
wildly enthusiastic audience." That was from a 2000 Telegram & Gazette review by
David Lasky.

At 44, Ivers continues to relish performing live. This holiday season she
certainly hasn't spent much time sitting down staring at the holly and the ivy.
Part of her recent holiday tour included a string of engagements in Alaska.

"I love it," she said of performing before audiences. "It's such a passion
still. Thankfully the band and I share it. It's ridiculous. We go over the top.
We have to give everything."

Who could wish for more? But, actually, there is a lot more to Ivers. In the
case of this "Riverdance" star, it is not just still waters that run deep. She's
done post-graduate work in mathematics, for example. Musically, the equation
includes playing on more than 60 records, including releases by Paula Cole and
Patti Smith. She was a founding member of the band Cherish the Ladies and worked
with The Chieftains. Her fiddle work was featured on the movie "Titanic," and
she was the featured performer in the touring version of "Riverdance."' She's
worked with the Boston Pops and recently played some dates with Sting in support
of his new album, "If On a Winter's Night."

So, given her diversity and Irish-American heritage, just how much of her music
is Irish and how much is American or otherwise?

"There's a lot of blend," she said. "Certainly the core of it is Irish. At the
same time, we do love to draw parallels." Irish music, she noted, is the
"backbone" of American musical forms such as bluegrass.

Ivers' musical background was formed growing up in the Bronx, N.Y., a daughter
of Irish immigrants from County Mayo. "County Bronx," Ivers quipped about her
neighborhood. But while there were plenty of other Irish immigrants there, other
ethnic heritages helped make for an interesting blend "There was a mix. It was a
great neighborhood to grow up."

Ivers spent her summer school vacations in Ireland. "I got a wonderful sense of
our Irish heritage," she said. She has recalled visiting grandparents, aunts,
uncles and cousins, and, as she once put it, "chasing the farm animals around,
toppling over haystacks, and entering music competitions."

In fact, she was seven-time All-Ireland Fiddle Champion.

An uncle told her of a memory he had of Ivers as a young child holding a pink
plastic guitar and trying to play it fiddle-style with a wooden spoon. Ivers can
recall listening to records at home and becoming entranced by the sounds that
the fiddle can make. "I remember thinking that sound - it's such a warm sound,
so much joy can be on that instrument.

"I was a pretty serious kid. Every day it wasn't hard to get me to sit down and
practice. The competitions began fairly early. But I never dreamed I'd be
playing professionally."

Ivers credits her early successes to her New York fiddle teacher, Martin
Mulvihill. "It was unheard of," she said of an American girl from the Bronx
winning fiddle competitions in Ireland. "It's just a testament to the teacher we
had. He just embodied Irishness."

She has maintained her Irish connections. "My husband and I built a home in the
West of Ireland. It feels very natural there. My folks often go back. It's
really like a full circle."

Speaking of circles, Ivers has won fans around the globe while touring the
world. The Irish music has a universal appeal, she said. "One big part of it -
there's so many emotions in it. Slow airs, beautiful old melodies that people
can latch on to. And the joy - it's so accessible. People around the world can
feel that."

Closer to home, Ivers was asked what she'll be performing in Worcester on
Thursday. Given that it is still the holidays, there will likely be a couple of
songs of the season, she said. Sting's evocative "Soul Cakes" from "If On a
Winter's Night" has made an impression. "I just fell in love with the song. It's
a beautiful winter song." Irish bluegrass will also likely be on the First Night
list.

"It's such a special night. You can bring something special and put your spirit
out there and make it a special night for everyone," she said. She paused, "As
I'm talking to you, I'm thinking of a tune I wrote for my parents - `Bygone
Days.'"

That will be on the list, too.

Members of the McInerney School of Irish Step Dance will perform Thursday with
Ivers and her band. Ivers is looking forward to working with the dancers. But
the occasion will also be poignant. Mary Bridget McInerney-Zona, who founded the
school in 1983, died in July at age 44.

Eileen Ivers and Immigrant Soul at First Night Worcester

When: 9:30 and 10:45 p.m. Thursday

Where: Mechanics Hall, 321 Main St., Worcester

How much: Admission to First Night Worcester events requires a button. Buttons
are $12 in advance of attending; $15 at the door.

ART: PHOTO

CUTLINE: Eileen Ivers and Immigrant Soul will give two performances at First
Night in Worcester.

PHOTOG: Courtesy of CLAY PATRICK McBRIDE

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Here's one of Eileen Ivers' New Year's Eve wishes: "I want to leave
folks feeling very positive and joyful heading into the New Year." Which is
excellent news for folks here since Ivers and her band Immigrant Soul will be
spending the night of Dec. 31 as a headline act for First Night Worcester 2010
with performances at 9:30 and 10:45 p.m. in Mechanics Hall. The electric,
eclectic Irish-American fiddler extraordinaire has played in Worcester before,
including a previous First Night Worcester appearance. "I have some very nice
memories. It's a great community," said Ivers, who lives in New York City.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            July 23, 2015, Thursday

IN SHORT

SECTION: GAZZ; Pg. P3D

LENGTH: 658 words


String Band Festival

The Appalachian String Band Music Festival, one of the premiere old-time music
events in the country, returns to Camp Washington-Carver in Clifftop in Fayette
County Wednesday through Aug. 2. The five-day camping experience in the heart of
West Virginia also includes music contests, dancing, arts and crafts and games
for the whole family.

The popular annual festival draws thousands of string-band musicians and fans
from across the country and around the world for its concerts, dancing,
workshops and contests in which musicians and dancers can win prizes of up to
$700.

Megan B. Lynch Chowning, who won the Robert C. Byrd award for traditional fiddle
playing at the Grand Master Fiddler Championship this year in Nashville, Tenn.,
will be a featured performer. On Aug. 1, Chowning will teach an afternoon
master's workshop. She is a seven-time national fiddle champion, touring
musician, recording artist, teacher, singer and flatfoot dancer.

Chowning joins grand masters Daniel Gellert, of Dayton, Ohio, and Ginny Hawker
of Coxs Mills, who also will be featured in showcase workshops/performances at
the festival.

Phil Jamison, square dance caller, old-time musician and flatfoot dancer, also
will be showcased at this year's event. He will give a talk and host a
discussion on the history of Appalachian dances on Aug. 1 at 3 p.m.

Contests include fiddle and banjo on July 30, neo-traditional band on July 31,
and traditional band and flatfoot dance on Aug. 1. Senior (60 and over) and
youth (15 and under) categories are available in the fiddle and banjo contests.
A youth award is available in both the band contests for groups with all members
18 years old or younger. The neo-traditional band contest also provides an award
for best original song and tune. The flatfoot dance contest makes awards in four
age categories.

Daily admission is $15 for adults and $10 for seniors (age 60 and over) and
youth (age 6 to 17). Children five and under get in free. Rough camping for the
five-day festival is available on a first-come, first-served basis for $45 for
adults, $40 for seniors and youth, $90 per family (two adults and any number of
children under the age of 18) and $80 per senior family (two adults 60 years old
or more and any number of children under the age of 18). Early camping starts
July 24 at 1 p.m., and additional fees apply. The rough-camping rate and daily
admission fee include admission to all activities.

For more information or a complete schedule of events, visit
www.wvculture.org/stringband/index.html or call the division at 304-558-0220.
Camp Washington-Carver can be reached at 304-438-3005.

SOJA in Morgantown

Reggae-rockers SOJA will play the Morgantown Metropolitan Theatre at 8 p.m. Oct.
7. Tickets go on sale 10 a.m. Friday at the Mountainlair and Creative Arts
Center box offices, online at Ticketmaster.com, and by phone at 800-745-3000 and
304-293-SHOW (7469).

"I want to speak for people who don't have microphones, lead singer/songwriter
Jacob Hemphill says. "Our goal as a band is to stick up for the human race. We
see the world and we try to make it better in the limited time we have here.
It's this philosophy that has driven SOJA and their blend of reggae, go-go, D.C.
hardcore, Latin, rock and hip-hop to develop a massive fan base around the
world.

The group has sold more than 200,000 albums in more than 20 countries. SOJA's
sixth album, "Amid the Noise and Haste, debuted at No. 20 on the Billboard 200,
their highest debut spot to date, and also debuted at No. 1 on the Reggae Albums
Chart.

SOJA has toured with the Dave Matthews Band, Incubus, and 311, and appeared at
major music festivals, including Bonnaroo.

General public tickets for the Oct. 7 show are $33. WVU student tickets are $18.
The WVU Student discount is only available at the campus box offices. Limit one
discounted ticket per valid WVU I.D.

For more information, call 304-293-SHOW (7469), or visit events.wvu.edu.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers

                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 28, 2011 Thursday

Contra dance: A happy, dancing sound from up north

BYLINE: Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 333 words


April 28--Sandpoint band Out of the Wood will play at the 1912 Center for a
special Friday Palouse Folklore Society contra dance before the Renaissance Fair
weekend.

Band members are Vickie Marron on piano; Pat Marron on mandolin, fiddle, banjo,
and percussion; and Kathy Bowman on fiddle. Mitchell Frey will call the dances.

In the last 10 years Out of the Wood has played for more than 220 contradances,
dance festivals and dance camps from Washington D.C. to Vancouver B.C.

Kathy Bowman is a lifelong fiddler. She has attended more than 50 fiddle
workshops and music camps over the years perfecting her dance fiddle skills.

Vickie Marron plays piano, and is excellent at clear, constant rhythm. She has
been a caller for 15 years and is skilled at choosing just the right tunes to
match the particular dance.

Pat Marron plays the mandolin, fiddle and banjo in the band. Pat is known for
his clear, crisp mandolin picking and his sense of humor.

Out of the Wood is a "dancers" band. They even have a slogan: "We make your feet
happy!" All three band members are very experienced contradancers so they know
how it feels when the dance and music work well together to create that "dancers
high". They love to create that energy

Out of the Wood has a CD, "Down the Hall", which is full of dance music.

The 1912 Center is at 412 E Third St in Moscow. All dances are taught. Singles,
families and beginners are welcome.

Admission is $5 for members, $7 for non-members, and $4 for first-timers

Lessons start at 7:30 p.m. Dances begin at 8 p.m.

IF YOU GO

WHAT: Palouse Folklore Society contra dance

WHEN: 7:30 p.m. Friday

WHERE: 1912 Center, Moscow

COST: $4, $5, $7

To see more of the Moscow-Pullman Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.dnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Moscow-Pullman Daily News,
Moscow, Idaho Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110428-1MW-Contra-dance-A-happy-dancing-sound-from-up-north-0428-20110428

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                    Copyright 2011 Moscow-Pullman Daily News

                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            December 21, 2008 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

HIGH SCHOOLS;
THE ISSUE: BASKETBALL VS. FOOTBALL: Hoops on the rise;
Gridiron may rule, but court's a force, too

BYLINE: SCOTT BERNARDE; For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 12E

LENGTH: 1298 words


Every year, the number of Georgia high school basketball teams that play in
elite holiday tournaments increases. More than 30 are doing it this season,
according to the Georgia High School Association.

It's clear basketball is coming out from under the shadow of football in this
state. Basketball may still play second fiddle to football in Georgia in
prestige, but not in the quality of teams and players.

"The [basketball] talent level in Georgia is as high as any other state. We're
filling arenas for state championships [in Gwinnett and Macon]," said Ernie
Yarbrough, the GHSA associate director who oversees basketball. "This is a
football state and probably will always be, but basketball more than holds its
own."

Yarbrough says he'll be traveling for basketball during the winter break, too.

He'll be in Muncie, Ind., Dec. 29-30 to watch South Atlanta High play in the
T-Mobile Invitational at Ball State University. The tournament, which is
co-sponsored by the National Federation of State High School Associations, is a
must-attend for Yarbrough, and there's a reason for it. Georgia is the only
state to be represented in each of the three T-Mobile events, which has
four-team brackets in boys and girls.

Last year, Centennial's boys won the T-Mobile consolation game in Albuquerque.
Two years ago, Maya Moore (now a sophomore at UConn) and the Collins Hill girls
won the title in Seattle "and opened some eyes about what girls basketball in
Georgia is all about," Yarbrough said.

But in a state where football always has been the king of sports, basketball
often takes a backseat.

Fan support

Last week's state football championship games in the Georgia Dome --- played
there for the first time in history after it hosted semifinal games for 14 years
--- drew large crowds and was considered a success by the GHSA.

There's no question that basketball is on par with football in many categories,
especially in quality of play and coaching. There are plenty of large
regular-season crowds out there, too.

"Our students support both football and basketball very well," said McEachern
athletics director Jimmy Dorsey, formerly the school's longtime football coach.
"Last week, we had close to 4,000 in attendance at our basketball game versus
Marietta. We have had some football games where we did not have that number over
the years. Therefore, here at McEachern, I do not feel we view any of our sports
as second fiddle."

Walton boys coach Joe Goydish also is on the school's football coaching staff
and says working together, program to program, benefits everyone, and perhaps
lessens the "second-fiddle" designation.

"[Walton's] football program has experienced a great deal of success the past 10
years or so. As has baseball and soccer [both have won state championships]. So
the student body gets excited about all sports, and this has carried over to the
basketball season," he said in an e-mail. "Because I am a varsity football coach
as well, our two programs have a good working relationship. One thing that I
might do different than other folks is that I do not schedule any games early in
the season, as our football team historically goes deep into the playoffs. This
helps with our support and attendance for both sports."

COACHES AND ADMINISTRATORS SOUND OFF

We asked area coaches and administrators how they felt about the perception that
basketball plays second fiddle to football in Georgia. Here's a sampling:

David Boyd, boys coach, Milton

"If basketball is considered to be second fiddle in this state, it would have to
be because it doesn't get the media coverage it merits. We have D-I coaches at
almost every practice and games we play. For Kansas, Memphis, UNC, Georgia Tech,
UGA, Virginia Tech, Texas, Florida, and many other schools, Milton basketball is
not second fiddle to football. We play in front of huge crowds, and no one wants
a return on their money. Our region is one of the best basketball regions in the
country. It garners a great deal of attention from college coaches around the
country."

Jan Azar, girls coach, Wesleyan

"As far as attention goes, we are in the South and football has always been the
No. 1 male sport in the South. You can look at the popularity of college
football in the SEC compared to basketball as an example of that. This
translates from the college ranks to high school, and our school is no
different. The quality of basketball is second to none in Georgia, though, and
it is recognized in basketball circles, judging by how many high school players
from Georgia sign college scholarships and the number of basketball teams that
are nationally ranked each year. At Wesleyan, we are blessed with many
successful male and female athletic programs. Football and basketball are just
two of the many sports that are offered for our student-athletes."

Bob Brannon, athletics director, Clayton County Schools

"Basketball is not second fiddle in Clayton County. Considering popularity and
attendance, talent level, coaching level and awareness among college recruiters,
Clayton County basketball is on an equal footing with football. It hasn't always
been that way. However, with the influx of super-talented sport-specific
coaches, the game has soared in all aspects. Witness the county's impact in the
state tournaments in recent years."

Darron Rogers, boys coach, Westlake

"Basketball is somewhat second to football in certain areas of the state. I
think basketball in the metro Atlanta area is even with football. There are
several basketball programs in the metro area that do not play second fiddle to
any football program, such as Wheeler, Norcross, Dunwoody, Mays. ... I think
it's very important for football and basketball programs to work together. I
have excellent rapport with the head football coach, and we happily coexist
because ultimately staff members should want every athletic program in the
school to be successful."

Carter Wilson, boys coach, Decatur

"In general, basketball has grown light years over the last decade. Top-notch
players have gone on to play major-college basketball, as well as
professionally. One of the reasons is because we have put basketball coaches in
basketball positions throughout Georgia. I don't feel that basketball is second
fiddle. There is plenty of room for great basketball and great football in
Georgia. The key is for all parties to have mutual respect for each other. That
includes coaches, players and administrators."

Joe Goydish, boys coach, Walton

"In years past, basketball may have been considered by some to be second fiddle
to football in Georgia. However, in the last 10 years or so, basketball has
taken great strides to closing that gap with football. College recruiters have
indicated to me that Georgia is a must in recruiting. I think this is because
the number of high-profile players and nationally ranked teams in Georgia has
increased over the years. The quality of coaching in this state also stacks up
quite well against other areas."

Allen Whitehart, boys coach, Centennial

"The idea of basketball being second fiddle to football in Georgia was probably
true in the 1980s and 1990s, but in the millennium, I would like to think that
basketball in Georgia has definitely caught up and earned its place at the head
of the table alongside football. Centennial, Norcross, Wheeler, Columbia,
Fayette County, Miller Grove, South Atlanta, Milton, McEachern and Walton are
all playing in national tournaments, which is unheard of when you compare it to
other states. Basketball in Georgia is big time. As far as Centennial is
concerned, we are probably considered a basketball school due to the continued
success and national television attention we have been having on the court.
However, at Centennial, we try to convince our athletes to play as many sports
as possible."

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: RICH ADDICKS / raddicks@ajc.comNorcross High's Denzail Jones
(center) gets his team ready for a playoff game against Centennial last
season./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: /ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Puyallup Herald (Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 14, 2008 Thursday

Fiddlesticks!: Musicians from the area compete, make friends

BYLINE: Roxanne Cooke, Puyallup Herald, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 567 words


Aug. 14--Is it a violin or a fiddle?

Fiddle players at last weekend's Fiddle and Pickers Contest and Festival knew
the answer to that common question.

The violin and fiddle are actually the same instrument; it's the style of music
played that determines what the wooden beauty is bound to be called, said Lyn
Neal, a fiddler and a member of the Washington Old Time Fiddlers Association.

That might leave some muttering "Oh, fiddlesticks," but it's true. Old-time
American tunes like "Angelina Baker" denote a fiddle; classical pieces such as
"Toccata and Fugue" would be played on a violin.

But it was all about the fiddle -- and the banjo, guitar and mandolin -- at the
event, hosted last weekend at the Fred Oldfield Western Heritage Center.

Fiddlers attended workshops, played in variety shows and competed for trophies
and cash prizes during the event. About 56 people entered the competition on
Saturday.

Longtime fiddler Vivian Williams, from Seattle, competed in Saturday's
competition. Right before her performance she could be found with a smile on her
face and a latte in her hand -- she wasn't nervous.

Williams began fiddling in 1960 in her 20s. She loves the variety of music she
can play, as well as the "sociability of the scene."

"It's a great opportunity to meet people," she said.

Her favorite styles are bluegrass, old-time fiddling, dance music and jam
sessions -- really, Williams' musical interest ranges from ordinary tunes to the
exotic.

"I like them all," she said.

For beginners, Williams recommended they just have fun and not be nervous for
light competitions such as the one hosted last weekend.

"Don't be afraid to try something new," she said. "Some people get completely
petrified, and that's dumb."

Last year, she was a judge. In scoring, judges will look for good sense of
rhythm, general mastery, technical skills and, to a lesser extent, danceability.
For youth, she encouraged a simple tune played well rather than a complicated
song.

In the future of fiddling, Williams hopes to see a return to the traditional.

"I would like to see more old-time style dances that fiddle would work for," she
said.

That old-time feel is what the Fred Oldfield Western Heritage Center is all
about, said Joella Oldfield, daughter of the building's namesake. That's why the
fiddling event fits right in with the center's theme.

"We're trying to leave a legacy of the old west," Oldfield said. "(Children) are
learning from the old generation."

As for the Washington Old Time Fiddlers Association, its goal is to educate and
promote fiddling, said Merrillee Goodroad, chair of district 8, which covers all
of Pierce County, and contest chair of the weekend event. The association hosts
workshops and contests around the state.

Next year, the Fred Oldfield Western Heritage Center will host the fiddle event
in November to avoid conflicting fiddle events during the summer, Oldfield said.

Reach Reporter Roxanne Cooke at 253-841-2481 ext. 314 or by e-mail at
roxanne.cooke@puyallupherald.com

To see more of Puyallup Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.puyallup-herald.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Puyallup Herald, Wash.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080814-PU-Fiddlesticks-0814

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PU


                  Copyright 2008 Puyallup Herald (Washington)

                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             March 18, 2012 Sunday

Competition in Oroville draws fiddlers of all ages, and people who love
listening to them

BYLINE: By ROBIN EPLEY - Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 453 words


OROVILLE -- It's difficult to explain the love fiddle players have for the
music.

There's something in the soft lilt of a waltz or the jump of a jig that calls to
them, and this weekend, the lure of the music called them to Oroville during the
46th annual state championships.

The California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championships started in
1966, and the event is hosted in Oroville because it's in District 1, where the
state's fiddlers' association began. Players range from all ages, and the
fiddles are sized accordingly, with the smallest "Pee-Wee" contestants bowing on
an instrument about as big as their head. Guitar pickers and banjo players also
compete, sometimes along with each other as accompanists during the competition,
and sometimes on their own.

Organization president Wayne Agnew said he remembers listening to fiddle music
on the radio when he was a small boy in Oklahoma.

"(My family would) work all week in the fields from sun up to sundown and then
it came to the weekend and they wanted to party," he said. "The older
generation, that's how we all got started."

Agnew said fiddle music is learned by ear and played from the heart. "It's an
interpretation," he said. "'I heard that song and I think it goes like this.'
That's fiddle music. The first fiddler didn't do it from sheet music."

That's the rule for the championships, too: no sheet music. Contestants play
three tunes, judged by a panel that cannot see the players, only hear them in a
back room where the music is piped in.

"You listen for mistakes, speed," said Agnew, a one-time judge. "What's the
feel? Can you make the tune your own?"

In the parking lot, fiddlers, banjo players and other accompanists jam, weaving
through music without so much as a word to one another, like a spontaneous
dance. People gather around and clap enthusiastically when a song is over.

Agnew said many of the spectators are of a certain age, remembering earlier
times when fiddle music was more popular. He said he remembers listening to the
Grand Ol' Opry every Saturday night on the radio.

"It takes them back to an earlier, better time in their life. They remember
their childhood, aunts and uncles, the radio," he said. "We had no water, no
electric, no gas, but we had the radio."

Still, not everyone is of an older generation. A judge this year was only 19
years old, and Pee-Wee (under 8 years old), Junior-Junior (9-12) and Junior
(13-17) are well-attended divisions.

Brendan McDonough has four children who competed this weekend: Julianne, 17;
Francis, 14; Elizabeth, 10; and Monica, 7. All four play the fiddle.

"It gives them a sense of accomplishment," McDonough said. "And in the end, they
grow up to, hopefully, have better character."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Aaron Bybee practices for an open jam session during the 46th annual
California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championships in Oroville on
Saturday.(Jason Halley/Staff Photo) All Chico E-R photos are available here .
Clara Boyle competes in the Pee-Wee preliminaries during the 46th annual
California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championships in Oroville on
Saturday.(Jason Halley/Staff Photo) All Chico E-R photos are available here .
Love Powell, 8, is accompanied by Mike Boian as they compete in the Pee- Wee
preliminaries during the 46th annual California State Old Time Open Fiddle and
Picking Championships in Oroville on Saturday.(Jason Halley/Staff Photo) All
Chico E-R photos are available here .
Kevin Crotty (left) accompanies Elsa Crotty, 7, of Visalia, as they practice for
the 46th annual California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championships
in Oroville on Saturday. (Jason Halley/Staff Photo) All Chico E-R photos are
available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             June 5, 2010 Saturday

Onalaska carver's niche: classic fiddles

BYLINE: By Geri Parlin La Crosse Tribune

SECTION: WISCONSIN

LENGTH: 425 words


Robert Gallagher learned to play fiddle when he was 12. Back then, his dad was
known to fix a fiddle or two with the help of the family horse.

"My dad used to pull hair from the horse's tail to make the strings. That horse
hardly had any tail hair left," Gallagher said with a laugh as he sat in his
tiny workroom.

Maybe it was his dad's inspiration as a fiddle repairman, or maybe it was mom's
accompaniment on piano, but Gallagher kept on playing that fiddle until he left
the farm in 1952.

But when Gallagher left the farm, he left the fiddle behind. There was work to
be done and he was too busy for fiddling around.

Along the way, he married, settled down and was a success at pretty much
anything he put his hand to -- plumbing, welding, electrical work, house
building and selling auto parts. You could take Gallagher off the farm, but you
could never take the farm boy out of him. He had skills, and he put them to good
use.

"There was never a day in my life if I wanted a job I couldn't go get it."

And maybe that's what brought him back to fiddles.

About 25 years ago, he started repairing fiddles and buying them at auctions or
wherever he could find them. The lessons he learned long ago from his father
were put to good use as he studied fiddles and how to put them back together.

Two years ago, he found a hardanger fiddle at a local auction for $800. Yes, it
was a lot of money, and, yes, it was in rough shape. It was his first chance to
work on a hardanger fiddle, which has four lower, vibrating strings and four
upper strings on which the bow is used.

The bridge was intact, as was the mother-of-pearl inlay and decorative painting.

So Gallagher took it to his workroom, a glorified storage room in his apartment
complex that he converted into a compact workshop. There, he rebuilt the fiddle,
matched the stain and carved new pegs from old ivory piano keys.

The dragonhead featured at the top of this fiddle would have been typical of a
hardanger fiddle, but Gallagher figures no other exists exactly like it because
Norwegian artisans carved them at home, not in factories.

Olav Olfen Undeberg of Norway carved Gallagher's fiddle in 1936.

That's all Gallagher knows about it, but when he advertised the refurbished
fiddle for sale in Sound Post, a magazine dedicated to hardanger fiddles, he got
inquiries from as far away as Russia. He sold it to an Arizona man for $3,500.

"I kind of hated to let it go without something to remember it by," he said, as
he showed it off before packing it up to ship. "You gotta love 'em to do that
much work."

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Lassen County Times (Susanville, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 25, 2014

Janesville teen wins fiddle contest

BYLINE: Lassen County Times staff

LENGTH: 176  words


Janesville resident and Lassen High School junior Tallon Sandoval was named the
2014 California State Junior Champion at the 48th annual California State Fiddle
Championship held in Oroville, Calif, on Saturday, March 15.

The Junior Division is open to players between the ages 13 and 18. Sandoval and
accompanists Jim French and Eric Anderson played "Done Gone," "Golden Fiddle
Waltz" and "I Don't Love Nobody," and placed in the top five to advance to the
second round. During the second round, Sandoval played "Dusty Miller," "Fritz's
Waltz" and "Wild Fiddler's Rag," and took the highest score. It was not his
first recent fiddle contest win. In 2013, Sandoval won the Weaverville Open
Contest, the Western Open Fiddle Championship, and he took first place in the
Open Division at the Death Valley Old Time Fiddling Contest. Sandoval will
compete in the 2014 Susanville Rotary Annual Youth Instrumental Contest (held at
Eagle Lake Village at 6 p.m. Thursday, March 27) and the National Oldtime
Fiddler's Contest and Festival held in June in Weiser, Idaho.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LAS

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Lassen County Times

                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                           October 28, 2006 Saturday

Family of fiddlers

BYLINE: Staff Writer

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 586 words


Aztec band is a family affair

 By Debra Mayeux

The Daily Times

AZTEC   It's an old tradition with a new twist   the family band.

Dennis and Tracy Haroldson, of Aztec, realized they had to do something with all
of the talent in their family of eight. Each of their six children was born with
a knack for playing the fiddle. Some of them also play guitar, mandolin and
classical piano.

Dennis and Tracy took up guitar to accompany their six fiddlers   and they
started Desert Skies Band.

It is not unusual for Tracy to reach into a brass bowl at the top of her
entertainment center and pull out a guitar pick. She will strum her guitar, as
the children gather round with their fiddles.

"My husband and I were not musicians, until the kids started this. ... We
couldn't ready a note of music," Tracy said.

The music in the family began with their eldest child and only son, Brock, 19.
He wanted to play the violin, so six years ago lessons were given to Brock,
Kelsey, 16, and Sierra, 13.

Tracy soon noticed that the children were talented. They quickly picked up the
violin and within two years progressed to a high level of musical proficiency.
At this time, they are so talented they study the fiddle via the Internet with
one of the top fiddle instructors in the nation.

As more children were born into the family, the younger ones also wanted to
play. Brock and Kelsey began giving lessons to their little sisters: Danica, 11;
Nicole, 8; and Jocelyn, 5. They also teach to other children in the community
wanting to learn their skill.

"Brock and Kelsey have quite a few students with a waiting list," Tracy said.

"I like passing on what I know to the younger kids and teaching them," said
Kelsey, who taught violin lessons since she was 14. "It's cool when they get
better and learn new stuff."

Tracy turned one of the family's rooms into a school and music room. The
children not only study their music at home, they are home schooled.

"It's really lovely to have mom as our teacher, to be able to study as a family.
It gives us more time to be able to do our music," Kelsey said.

As a family, Desert Skies Band toured the country last summer. The Haroldsons
performed in Wyoming and Montana, presenting their own blend of Americana music.

"It's old time American music centered around the fiddle," Tracy said.

Brock also performs regularly with the San Juan College Orchestra and the San
Juan Symphony.

This family also competes in fiddle contests across the state and nation.

Kelsey recently won the title of Overall Grand Champion for the state at the New
Mexico State Fiddle Championship. Brock came in second, so Kelsey will be the
one traveling to Weiser, Idaho, in June 2007 for the National Fiddling
Championship.

She said that her focus is on old-time fiddling, because she enjoys it.

"I love how it sounds. With old-time fiddle, you can put in your own little
licks and style," Kelsey said.

At the competition, she said there were times for nervousness, but her desire to
perform took over.

"I love to just play my instrument and play with my dad, who backs me up," she
said.

Tracy said all of the children have a spirit of competition and love performing.

"We don't make any of them do it. It's all their personal choice," Tracy said,
adding she knows that her family was "blessed with a gift from God."

It is a gift they use to bring joy and music into the hearts of others.

For information on the Desert Skies Band call (505) 334-3178 or visit the band's
Web site at www.desertskiesband.com.

Debra Mayeux: dmayeux@daily-times.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tracy Haroldson, right, plays back-up guitar as her daughter Kelsey,
16, fiddles away at their home on Monday.
Kelsey Haroldson, left, 16, of Aztec, gives a fiddle lesson to Kayce Nichols, 9,
at her home on Monday. Nichols has been taking lessons from Haroldson once a
week since Feb.
Kelsey Harldson, 16, of Aztec, has been playing the fiddle for six years. She
was recently named the New Mexico Fiddling Champion.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday
                                  Mich Edition

Chicago fiddler Carroll Irish at heart

BYLINE: Jeff Harrell, JHarrell@SBTinfo.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 863 words


Liz Carroll speaks over the phone and you don't believe your ears.

There isn't the slightest trace of Irish in her voice. A little Chicagoan,
maybe, but no Dubliner.

This accomplished musician who can summon the Gaelic spirits of the Ó Dálaigh
poets with a few short bow strokes over the strings of her Irish fiddle is as
American as apple pie, the Fourth of July and the Chicago Bears, which happens
to be her favorite football team.

"I'm from the South Side," Carroll says of her hometown of Chicago, where she
was born, still lives, and lists the White Sox, Bulls and Bears as sports
favorites in that order.

Otherwise, Carroll is as Irish as corned beef and cabbage, St. Patrick's Day, a
Dubliner serenading the local pub with "Danny Boy" over a pint of hearty stout -
full green-blooded, if you will.

"My mom is from County Limerick," Carroll says, "My dad was from County Offaly."

Her fiddle is genuine Irish. That was no violin that held President Barack Obama
in total captivation during a White House luncheon to celebrate St. Patrick's
Day in 2009.

"We had our fun," Carroll says of that White House gig with guitarist John Doyle
when she caught the president sitting a few feet away with his eyes totally
fixated on her. "We did look up, and we saw him looking at us with this nice
smile."

Only the world's most acclaimed play the White House, no matter where they're
from.

"My mom's father played fiddle back in Ireland," Carroll says, "and she liked
Irish music."

Her father played the accordion, so Carroll picked up the accordion at a young
age, although she wanted to learn piano. There wasn't enough room to fit a piano
through the back door of her Catholic elementary school, but there was a nun at
the school who was offering violin lessons.

Nine-year-old Liz Carroll took to the fiddle like a potato to Irish stew.

"The nun taught classical music," she says. "I had no clue about classical, but
I really knew what Irish music was. I really pursued learning Irish tunes - that
world made a lot more sense to me."

Annual trips back to Ireland to visit family expanded Carroll's developing world
of music.

At 17, she won the All-Ireland under-18 fiddle championship. The following year,
Carroll stunned the Celtic music community by claiming the All-Ireland Senior
Fiddle Championship.

Live, Carroll has amazed audiences around the world with renditions of
traditional Celtic songs on a magical Irish fiddle that refuses every ounce of
the "V" word.

"In Ireland, they call it a fiddle," Carroll says. "Some people like to think it
has something to do with old-time, or bluegrass music, or a flatter bridge to
ram those strings together. I just think of it as a friendly term."

In the studio - where Carroll first cut her teeth in 1978 recording "Kiss Me
Kate" with Tommy Maguire - capturing that natural fiddle sound isn't always a
friendly experience.

"It's always hard for engineers to record fiddles," Carroll says. "Every time
I've ever done a recording, it seems like I'm running back to that studio and
sitting down with the engineer trying to figure out what the problem is.

"It's just a natural instrument ? try some compression, and it sounds like a
violin. But then there's a glass to look through at the other person, and
there's frequencies in violins that are bouncing off that glass. It's a
challenge."

Carroll, who has 10 records to her credit and is working on No. 11, won an Indie
Award in 2000 for her album "Lost in the Loop," and was named Traditional
Performer of the Year in 2000.

In 2010, Carroll received a Grammy nomination for her duet album with John
Doyle, "Double Play," the first time an American-born traditional Irish musician
was nominated for a Grammy.

The following year, Carroll became the first American-born composer to win the
Cumadóir TG4, Ireland's most significant traditional music prize.

"I'm pretty much at home anywhere," Carroll says over the phone from Ireland,
where she recently traveled for a 10-day visit. "Since I was 5, almost every
year, there was some reason to come to Ireland, so I'm always real relaxed and
real comfortable here. They make me feel very welcome always. I've never felt
like I was the Yank."

On Sunday, Carroll will be home on American soil, and home at heart when she
headlines the Michiana Celtic Festival at Howard Park. She'll be accompanied by
multi-instrumentalist Jake Charron.

After that, Carroll will head home to the northern suburbs of Chicago. She may
be Irish at heart, blood and soul, but the Irish fiddler is also a die-hard
Chicago sports fan.

"If I was going to listen to anybody on the radio, I listen to sports radio,"
Carroll says.

"I'm a little worried," she adds, "about the Bears offense this year."

IN CONCERT

The Michiana Celtic Festival and Invitational Scottish Highland Athletics
Competition take place from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sunday at Howard Park, 604 E.
Jefferson Blvd., South Bend. Performers include Liz Carroll, Jackie Moran, Paddy
Homan, An Dro, Kennedy's Kitchen, New Element and Caledonia Kilty. Admission is
$5; free for ages 12 and younger. For more information, call 574-232-2853, or
visit the websites michianaceltic society.org or fiddlershearth.com."

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 27, 2007 Friday

Fiddlin' around: Group aims to promote preserve and perpetuate old-time fiddling

BYLINE: Carma Wadley Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 940 words


Music made for the pure joy of making music.

If you like that kind of music -- and what's not to like? -- catch up with
members of the Utah Old Time Fiddlers and Country Music Association. That's
exactly the kind of music they make.

On any given day, you might find them performing at a nursing home, retirement
center, for a school or church group or for "anyone else who will let us play,"
says Salt Lake chapter President Gordon Gutke. Twice a month -- on the second
and fourth Saturdays from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. -- you can find them jamming at the
West Valley City Hall, 2700 W. 3500 South. Anyone's welcome to stop by and join
in.

They will also be sponsoring the third annual May Day Festival Fiddle Contest
and Variety Show next weekend at Wheeler Farm. The event will include a jam
session and band scramble that's free and open to the public from 5-9 p.m. on
May 4, and a fiddle contest and a variety show that will feature the winners on
May 5.

Winners of the fiddle contest will be eligible to compete in the statewide
fiddle contest in September, and those winners will go on to the National Fiddle
Championships held in Weiser, Idaho.

Contestants are divided by ages, with divisions for small fry, juniors, adults,
senior citizens and novices. Pretty much anyone who can wield a fiddle is
encouraged to participate, says Gutke. Registration and nominal entry fees are
required. For more information and complete rules, visit
www.aros.net/~royce/fiddler.HTM or www.wheelerfarm.com.

One of the group's goals, says Gutke, is to encourage young people to develop
their musical talents, and the fiddle contest is a great way to do that.

"A lot of kids have come through this organization and gone on to tour with
groups at BYU or other places," adds Alan Brownlee, another member of the group.
"We really want to encourage the younger generation."

But also important to the group is the goal of promoting, preserving and
perpetuating old-time fiddling and country music.

They have a catalog and files of old-time music that people are welcome to look
through. They sponsor monthly classes and workshops for members to help them
perfect skills or learn new instruments. They perform from 45-60 times a year.

They get a small amount of funding from the Zoo, Arts and Parks Fund. But most
of what they do is done on a volunteer basis -- for the love of the music.

"It's music you can listen to and understand," says Brownlee.

"It's music you are not embarrassed to listen to," adds Gutke. "It doesn't all
sound the same. And it conjures up good memories."

At a recent appearance at the Kearns Senior Center, for example, the group
played everything from "Springtime in the Rockies" to "Amazing Grace," "Columbus
Stockade Blues," "Red River Valley," "Deep in the Heart of Texas" and more. And
they soon had the toes tapping and the audience singing along.

"This is the music a lot of the folks dated to and danced to," says Gutke. "They
love hearing it again."

You don't have to play a fiddle to join the Old Time Fiddlers. Basically, anyone
who plays an acoustic instrument can join in. They also have guitars, banjos,
harmonicas, mandolins and more. "We do allow amplification on the stand-up bass
and the dobro, because otherwise they can be hard to hear, and they need to be
heard to make an impact," says Gutke. But for the most part, it is old-fashioned
music made the old-fashioned way.

The Salt Lake chapter has about 75 members, ranging in age from about 6 to 92.
"Our oldest member is a 92-year-old fiddle player, Olive Partridge, who used to
play violin with the Utah Symphony and who sang with the Mormon Tabernacle
Choir."

That sometimes brings up the question: What is the difference between a violin
and a fiddle? "A fiddle is a violin with attitude," says Diane House, who has
been a member of the group for about 4 1/2 years. "It's the same instrument,
just different style." And that style is one she loves.

"I was a novice when I started," she says, but the weekly workshops have helped
her get to the point she's more comfortable on stage. Her husband, Jack, decided
if she was going to join up, he would, too. "We do it for fun," he says. They
also do it to try new things, to stretch and grow. In fact, Jack recently made
psalteries -- a biblical instrument kind of like a dulcimer that is played with
a bow -- for he and his wife to play. "That has been great fun," says Diane
House.

Ken Klebba, who has spent 15 years with the Old Time Fiddlers, also is in it for
the fun. "I always wanted to be an entertainer, but I ended up as a civil
engineer. Now that I'm retired, I love doing music."

Not every member shows up for every performance. "We have a core group, so we
know we'll have enough. Then whoever else wants to come can show up, and we'll
put them to work," says Gutke.

At performances, one of the players will step to the fore, announce a song and
its key, and everyone plays along. "Everybody pretty much knows everything,"
says Jack House. Once in a while at their jam sessions, someone will try to
stump them, but it's pretty hard to do, he says.

It's an organization "where you get a lot of camaraderie and friendship," says
Brownlee. "Small groups will form and go out on their own to play." It continues
a tradition of making music that has existed for centuries. "We play like they
played a hundred years ago."

"We like to think we do a lot of good," adds Gutke. Music brightens people's
lives; it's hard to be sad when your toes are tapping, he says.

The Old Time Fiddlers promote heritage. They share their passion for melody and
song. And, says Gutke, "we sure have a lot of fun doing it." E-mail:
carma@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Telegraph (Alton, Illinios)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

Top-charting bluegrass band plays Saturday

BYLINE: Cory Davenport, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 748 words


Jan. 21--GODFREY -- Nationally renowned bluegrass band Michael Cleveland and
Flamekeeper brings their award-winning music to the Riverbend this Saturday.

The band's namesake and fiddle virtuoso, Michael Cleveland, told the Telegraph
that his love of bluegrass came from his grandparents, who were organizers in
the bluegrass scene of Henryville, Ind. He came of age in that small Midwestern
town just across the Ohio River from Louisville, Ky.

"I remember hearing a fiddle player play 'Orange Blossom Special,'" Cleveland
recalled. "I loved it. I'll never forget it. I was 4 years old and I don't think
I have any other memories from that time."

Cleveland's love of the fiddle blossomed that day. Being blind didn't stop him,
and upon arriving at the Kentucky School for the Blind in Louisville he began
taking violin lessons.

"When I started school that year, there was a classical program," he said. "They
taught violin and my parents got me involved in that. For a while, the teachers
weren't really into bluegrass; they must have heard a bad example of it or
something, because they thought it would negatively affect my playing."

Cleveland learned classical violin through playing by ear at school during the
weekdays, but on the weekends he played bluegrass. He said that he would take
his fiddle to local bluegrass shows and learn to play from great musicians and
their records he listened to and borrowed. By about age 8, Cleveland said he
started taking the stage with local bands such as the Bluegrass Connection.

"Initially, I probably had no business being up there," he recalled. "I was
still trying to learn it all."

By the time he was 13 years old, Cleveland was given a national audience. After
a Washington Post article declared bluegrass dead, citing the lack of young
artists involved in the style, Cleveland received an invitation to play a
national stage.

He was invited by acclaimed banjo player Peter Wernick to be part of an
all-youth band. That band played the main stage at the International Bluegrass
Music Association (IBMA) Awards show.

"That was probably the first time I ever really got in front of the bluegrass
community on a big level," he said.

Since then, Cleveland has made appearances on National Public Radio's adored "A
Prairie Home Companion" radio hour and played with five time International
Bluegrass Music Association Vocalist of the Year Dale Ann Bradley.

While playing with Bradley, Cleveland released two solo albums: 2002's "Flame
Keeper" and 2006's "Let 'Er Go, Boys!" He said that he met up with the guys that
would become the Flamekeeper band while on the last legs of a tour with Bradley.

"Things were slowing down and we were getting less dates," he said. "I wanted to
put together a band to play stuff from my solo records. Traditional bluegrass is
what I've always been passionate about. It's what I love to play."

He began playing with the Flamekeeper band in 2006 and has maintained most of
the current lineup for the last three years. He's known two of the members from
his days playing near Louisville as a teenager.

The current lineup features guitarist/singer Josh Richards, mandolin player
Nathan Livers, bassist Tyler Griffith and a brand new 18-year-old banjo player
named Gaven Largent from Winchester, Va.

Livers played in bands with Cleveland while the two were teenagers. Cleveland
said that he was a bit older than Richards, but knew him pretty well.

"I've known his dad and mom for quite a while," he said. "He's a few years
younger than me, so I've watched him come up and learn to play in a lot of the
same places I did."

Cleveland said he met Griffith and Largent when they first tried out for the
Flamekeeper band and has been very impressed with their skills.

The band released their latest album, "On Down the Line," in July 2014. That
album is still in the number four slot on the national bluegrass charts with
their single, "Fiddlin' Joe," charting at No. 7 currently.

"I'm very happy with the reception our album has gotten," Cleveland said.

Michael Cleveland and Flamekeeper will be performing with the local Harman
Family Bluegrass Band at the 37th annual Harman Family Bluegrass show that
starts at 7 p.m. Saturday, Jan. 24, at Lewis and Clark Community College's
Hatheway Cultural Center in Godfrey.

Reporter Cory Davenport can be reached at 618-208-6447 or on Twitter
@CoryTelegraphs.

___ (c)2015 The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) Visit The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) at
www.thetelegraph.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150121-AI-Top-charting-bluegrass-band-plays-Saturday-20150121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AI


                          Copyright 2015 The Telegraph

                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            January 11, 2009 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

"We're a big fiddlin' family" Whether Small Fry or Grand Seniors, their style is
old-time

BYLINE: Sally S. Ho The Denver Post

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-04

LENGTH: 423 words


Standing next to cages of chickens, turkeys and other feathered friends, Nathan
Sima practiced his fiddle.

"He said they cheer him on," said mom Qian Hong.

The 7-year-old from Fort Collins came back to the Colorado Fiddle Championships
this year as the defending champion of the Small Fry division.

Hosted at the National Western Stock Show, the two-day competition brings
contestants old and young from across the country, and Nathan is among the
youngest.

He performed a four-minute medley of "Soppin' the Gravy," "Old Shep" and
"Smith's Rag" to a crowd of about 100 people early Saturday morning.

Strangers stopped him as he walked backstage to congratulate him on a great
show, although he stays modest.

"I think I did OK," Nathan said. "But I wish everyone good luck."

He picked up the fiddle two years ago and competes across the state year round,
hoping some day for a chance to fiddle at the National Championships in Weiser,
Idaho.

He also plays the piano, speaks Mandarin Chinese and is a chess champion.

"He just loves the music and he is very concentrated," said Hong, who has
learned some simple fiddling through her son. "This generation of kids is so
competitive and outgoing; I tell him to go for it and I'll just follow."

Larry Struble, on the other hand, is competing in the Grand Senior division for
those in the 60-plus age group.

Struble said he first competed in fiddling when he was 9 and is a former
violinist with the Denver Symphony.

"I love music, all kinds of music," said the 68-year-old, who also teaches
fiddling.

He played "Billy in the Lowground," "Kelly's Waltz" and "Black and White Rag" on
a 200-year-old Italian violin.

"Good instruments are hard to find," he said. "I am very lucky to have it."

Struble says he participates to spread the culture of fiddling.

"Before the days of Internet, we had music instead of TV," he said. "The arts
get put on the back burner, but it needs to be nurtured at home."

This year, there were 90 contestants across the 11 divisions. Each contestant
plays a hoedown tune and a waltz tune, along with a third tune of choice,
according to Claradene Stewart with the Colorado Old Time Fiddlers' Association,
an organizer for the event. The tunes are distinctively Texas-style old-time
fiddling.

Judging criteria includes difficulty, musical expression, rhythm and timing, and
tone and intonation, with the total prize money equaling $10,000.

"This is for people to come and listen to the musicality," Stewart said. "We're
a big fiddlin' family."

Sally S. Ho: 303-954-1638

or sho@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 1, 2011, Wednesday

Vandalia Gathering winners announced

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2D

LENGTH: 540 words


West Virginia's champion old-time fiddle, bluegrass banjo and mandolin players
competed on May 28, and old-time banjo, lap dulcimer, flat pick guitar players
and the best liars on May 29, during the state Division of Culture and History's
3fifth annual Vandalia Gathering. There also was a competition for best homemade
pound cake and apple pie on Saturday.

Winners include:

-Youth Old-Time Fiddle (age 15 and under): First place, Bella Zucker,
Morgantown; second place, Riley Sisco, Scott Depot; third place, Walter King,
Elkins

-Old-Time Fiddle (age 59 and under): First place, Dan Kessinger, St. Marys;
second place, Ray Cossin, Mount Alto; third place, Jerrica Hilbert, St. Albans;
fourth place, Andy Fitzgibbons, Elkins; fifth place, Bella Zucker, Morgantown

-Senior Old-Time Fiddle (age 60 and over): First place, Elmer Rich, Morgantown;
second place, Gerry Milnes, Elkins; third place, Jerry Lewis, Nettie; fourth
place, Lester McCumbers, Rosedale; fifth place, Mack Samples, Duck

-Mandolin (all ages): First place, Matt Hiser, Spanishburg; second place, John
Putnam, Looneyville; third place, Brandon Shuping, Williamson; fourth place,
Karl Smakula, Elkins; fifth place, Bob Smakula, Elkins

-Bluegrass Banjo (all ages): First place, Brandon Green, Sophia; second place,
Calvin Leport, Henderson; third place, Doug Cossin, Mount Alto; fourth place,
Blaine Johnson, Beaver; fifth place, Karl Smakula, Elkins

-Pound Cake (all ages): First place, Shonnette Koontz, Charleston; second place,
Judy Grigoraci, Charleston; third place, Imagene Baker, Charleston

-Apple Pie (all ages): First place, Lynn Divjak, Charleston; second place, Ella
Hoffman, South Charleston; third place, Cassandra Atkins, Charleston

-Youth Lap Dulcimer (age 15 and under): First place, Will Manahan, Elkview

-Lap Dulcimer (all ages): First place, Emily Pritchard, Beckley; second place,
Will Manahan, Elkview; third place, David O'Dell, Glenville; fourth place,
Martha Turley, Ona; fifth place, Timmy Gillenwater, Griffithsville

-Old-Time Banjo (59 and under): First place, Andrew Dunlap, St. Albans; second
place, David O'Dell, Glenville; third place, Kevin Chesser, Elkins; fourth
place, Chad Ashworth, St. Albans; fifth place, Paul Gartner, Yawkey

-Senior Old-Time Banjo (age 60 and over): First place, Jim Mullins, St. Albans;
second place, Bob Shank, Bruceton Mills; third place, Ben Carr, Wilsie; fourth
place, Ken Sheller, Elkins; fifth place, Eugene Parsons, Orma

-Youth Flat Pick Guitar (age 15 and under): First place, Logan Jones, Davis
Creek; second place, Isaac Putnam, Looneyville; third place, Bryant Underwood,
Charleston

-Flat Pick Guitar (all ages): First place, Swanagan Ray, Ripley; second place,
Dan Kessinger, St. Marys; third place, Matt Lindsey, Dunbar; fourth place,
Brandon Bentley, Sumerco; fifth place, Richard Adkins, Cross Lanes

-Biggest Liar: (first place in liar's contest and Goldenseal magazine's Golden
Shovel award): Adam Booth, Shepherdstown

-Bigger Liar (second place): Pete Kosky, Charleston

-Big Liar (third place): Bud Anderson, South Charleston

-Youth Liar (age 15 and under): Scott "Dice" Johnson, Dunbar

Vandalia Gathering is a program of the state Division of Culture and History.
For more information, call Caryn Gresham at 304-558-0220.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers

                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           August 10, 2002, Saturday

THE CRACK: FROM FOLK TO COUNTRY

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1022 words


This, the penultimate article in the series from journalist-author Billy Kennedy
and the Ulster-Scots Agency, takes a look at how the early Ulster immigrants
celebrated their musical culture in the New World with a lasting effect.

The distinctive styles of many modern-day American country, bluegrass and folk
music performers can be traced directly back to the 18th century Ulster-Scots or
Scots-Irish settlers.

And the dance tradition of Appalachian region in the south eastern part of the
United States has also very strong Ulster-Scots roots.

This is music and dance which crossed the Atlantic during the great waves of
emigration and, in the modern idiom, it is a rich cultural expression which is
being taken back to the homeland.

The Ulster-Scots sound of drone notes, associated with the pipes and fiddles,
are very pronounced and the story-telling balladry of the Scots- Irish diaspora
remains deeply rooted in what is American country and folk music today.

These were a people who brought with them to North America the old Scottish,
Irish and English folk songs and ballads, and in remote communities in the
Appalachian, Cumberland and Great Smoky Mountains, the songs stayed unaltered
until the 20th century.

Music lightened toil and life for the early Scots-Irish pioneers, with the
fiddle giving the lift at weddings, and jew's harp providing accompaniment along
the wagon roads to the new settlements.

Dulcimer, banjo and mandolin were other favoured instruments on the American
frontier, traditional backing for the nasal-vocals of the hardy settlers.

The fiddle, distinctively Scottish and Irish, was the main instrument for
playing the tunes and providing the backing for the traditional songs. It was
the first musical instrument in the Appalachian region 200/250 years ago. There
might just have been one fiddle in a whole community and one player, but the
tradition gathered momentum over the years.

The Appalachian mountain people where Scots-Irish culture is so strong, have
maintained a folk-song culture for several centuries, and leading balladeer and
folk historian from the early 20th century Cecil Sharpe, related how he
discovered that nearly every one he met in the mountain region, young and old,
could either sing or play an instrument.

The ballads which Sharp collected in Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia, the
Carolinas and North Georgia were in the traditional vein, with Scots- Irish
influences a very dominant strain. Popular Appalachian folk songs and tunes like
'The Girl from Knoxville', 'Barbara Allen', 'The Irish Washerwoman', 'Haste to
the Wedding', 'The Virginia Reel', 'The Green River March' and 'Turkey in the
Straw' are in that mould.

The music of the American frontier was primarily vocal, through the singing of
hymns and folk songs. In the very early settlements in Pennsylvania from the
1720s, the fiddle provided the musical background for the reels and jigs which
the Ulster-Scots enjoyed. In the austere and, at times lonely surroundings of
the frontier, music was the source which brightened the lives of the settlers.

Fiddle styles varied from state to state, and even within states. Individual
fiddlers differed in the way they held the instrument, the emphasis which they
devoted to noting and the manner in which they bowed. Some fiddlers stuck
resolutely to the melody, while others improvised freely and or employed their
own prepared techniques. All a very Scots-Irish trait!

Richard Nevins, in his book 'Old-Time Fiddle Classics', notes that since
fiddling was a Celtic art, modern aficionados strain to establish a direct link
between Celtic styles and Appalachian renditions.

Nevins maintained it is likely that all the countless variations in southern
fiddling are traceable to seven or eight different styles brought over to
America by the immigrants from various sections of the north of Ireland,
southern Scotland and, to a lesser degree, parts of England.

While yodelling has its origins in the Swiss mountains, many performers of a
Scots-Irish background in states like Kentucky and Tennessee were adept at
raising the tone to a falsetto head voice.

Gospel music was very dear to the God-fearing Scots-Irish and many colloquial
hymns, later adopted in mainstream Christianity, have origins in the Appalachian
region. Methodist evangelical hymns of Isaac Watts, John Newton and John and
Charles Wesley struck a chord with those moving along the Great Wagon Road to
the frontier.

Bluegrass music is strongly linked to the Scots-Irish folk of Kentucky, Virginia
and Tennessee and top Nashville performer Ricky Skaggs is very proud of his
roots.

"My family on my mother's side were Scots-Irish - they were the Fergusons, who
left Limavady and East Donegal in the early part of the 18th century. They
eventually moved to Kentucky, where I grew up with a real taste for bluegrass
music, which has its origins in the north of Ireland and Scotland. To me,
traditional country music has a value in it, a wholesomeness and warmth that
some of the other kinds of music don't have. It's our heritage, our roots, it's
everything that we're about," says Ricky.

Dolly Parton, Nashville's first lady of country music, who is to appear at a
show in Belfast on November 23, also has strong Scots-Irish family links - her
father Robert Lee Parton was able to trace his roots back to the early settlers.

At Dolly's theme park at Pigeon Forge in the Great Smoky Mountains of East
Tennessee, the musical documentary 'Fire on the Mountain' tells the fascinating
story of American country music and its historical roots, particularly the
Scots-Irish theme.

The musical narration from 'Fire on the Mountain' confirms the link of American
country music with its histortical roots.

"And so they came . . . a strong-willed people who forged their homes out of
this region and brought their love and beauty with them. The deeds of our
Scotch-Irish ancestors are blended with the skills of the musicians who seized
the Smokies' fiery spirit and this heritage has been passed on from generation
to generation . .!"

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Century Newspapers Limited

                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            March 19, 2011 Saturday

Fiddle championship resumes

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 179 words


OROVILLE   The 45th annual California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking
Championship continues today at Municipal Auditorium in Oroville.

According to the California State Old Time Fiddlers Association, the competition
begins its second day today at 8 a.m. with fiddle preliminaries for young adults
ages 18-36.

Junior fiddle preliminaries (ages 13-17) begin at 8:30 a.m., and juniors age
9-12 start at 9:35 a.m.

At 11:20 a.m., children 8 and under compete in fiddle preliminaries.

The competition resumes at 1 p.m. after a lunch break, with adult fiddle
preliminaries for ages 37-59.

Open fiddle preliminaries for any age begin at 2:10.

At 2:50 p.m. is the junior twin fiddle competition for ages 17 and under,
followed at 3:15 with open twin fiddle rounds.

Picking rounds begin at 3:40 in a competition open to any age.

The final block before dinner begins At 4:15 p.m. with a round of junior picking
for ages 17 and under.

Finalist competitions in all the day's categories will begin at 6 p.m. with
awards during the programs. The final awards will be announced beginning at
9:30.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            March 19, 2011 Saturday

Fiddle championship resumes today

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 180 words


OROVILLE   The 45th annual California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking
Championship continues today at Municipal Auditorium in Oroville.

According to the California State Old Time Fiddlers Association, the competition
begins its second day today at 8 a.m. with fiddle preliminaries for young adults
ages 18-36.

Junior fiddle preliminaries (ages 13-17) begin at 8:30 a.m., and juniors age
9-12 start at 9:35 a.m.

At 11:20 a.m., children 8 and under compete in fiddle preliminaries.

The competition resumes at 1 p.m. after a lunch break, with adult fiddle
preliminaries for ages 37-59.

Open fiddle preliminaries for any age begin at 2:10.

At 2:50 p.m. is the junior twin fiddle competition for ages 17 and under,
followed at 3:15 with open twin fiddle rounds.

Picking rounds begin at 3:40 in a competition open to any age.

The final block before dinner begins At 4:15 p.m. with a round of junior picking
for ages 17 and under.

Finalist competitions in all the day's categories will begin at 6 p.m. with
awards during the programs. The final awards will be announced beginning at 9:30
p.m..

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                            March 19, 2011 Saturday

Fiddle championship resumes today

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 180 words


OROVILLE   The 45th annual California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking
Championship continues today at Municipal Auditorium in Oroville.

According to the California State Old Time Fiddlers Association, the competition
begins its second day today at 8 a.m. with fiddle preliminaries for young adults
ages 18-36.

Junior fiddle preliminaries (ages 13-17) begin at 8:30 a.m., and juniors age
9-12 start at 9:35 a.m.

At 11:20 a.m., children 8 and under compete in fiddle preliminaries.

The competition resumes at 1 p.m. after a lunch break, with adult fiddle
preliminaries for ages 37-59.

Open fiddle preliminaries for any age begin at 2:10.

At 2:50 p.m. is the junior twin fiddle competition for ages 17 and under,
followed at 3:15 with open twin fiddle rounds.

Picking rounds begin at 3:40 in a competition open to any age.

The final block before dinner begins At 4:15 p.m. with a round of junior picking
for ages 17 and under.

Finalist competitions in all the day's categories will begin at 6 p.m. with
awards during the programs. The final awards will be announced beginning at 9:30
p.m..

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                            March 19, 2011 Saturday

Fiddle championship resumes

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 179 words


OROVILLE   The 45th annual California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking
Championship continues today at Municipal Auditorium in Oroville.

According to the California State Old Time Fiddlers Association, the competition
begins its second day today at 8 a.m. with fiddle preliminaries for young adults
ages 18-36.

Junior fiddle preliminaries (ages 13-17) begin at 8:30 a.m., and juniors age
9-12 start at 9:35 a.m.

At 11:20 a.m., children 8 and under compete in fiddle preliminaries.

The competition resumes at 1 p.m. after a lunch break, with adult fiddle
preliminaries for ages 37-59.

Open fiddle preliminaries for any age begin at 2:10.

At 2:50 p.m. is the junior twin fiddle competition for ages 17 and under,
followed at 3:15 with open twin fiddle rounds.

Picking rounds begin at 3:40 in a competition open to any age.

The final block before dinner begins At 4:15 p.m. with a round of junior picking
for ages 17 and under.

Finalist competitions in all the day's categories will begin at 6 p.m. with
awards during the programs. The final awards will be announced beginning at
9:30.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                            April 16, 2016 Saturday

She comes with strings attached

BYLINE: Emily Ostrowski Columbian staff writer

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 755 words



HIGHLIGHT: iStock.

Courtesy of Scott Docherty

Aarun Carter plays fiddle on stage with Jonathan Trawick at the Clark County
Folk Festival.

Courtesy of Jonathan Trawick

Aarun Carter was 18 months old when she picked up her first fiddle and has been
playing it ever since.



Playing the fiddle has always come easily to Aarun Carter, and music has always
been a part of her life. Her mother, Denise, an accomplished musician herself,
competed in a fiddling contest when she was eight months pregnant with her
daughter.

In addition to performing, her mother also frequently taught classes at home,
so Carter grew up constantly listening to music. At 18 months, she picked up
her first fiddle and was immediately hooked. "As a child, I was always very
enthusiastic about playing fiddle," said Carter. "I would often be able to play
anything I heard." By 4 years old, Carter was bringing home awards, with a win
at the Colorado State Small Fry Division.
That early natural ability, along with a love of music, has turned Carter, now
27, into an accomplished and decorated musician. She recently came in first
place in the 2016 Oregon Oldtime Fiddlers Association State Contest
Championship, one of many contests she's won in her young career.
"Aarun Carter is one of the best all-around fiddlers I've heard, and is
certainly one of my favorites," said Eileen Walter, contest director for the
Oregon Oldtime Fiddlers Association. Carter beat out 59 other contestants to
win the championship.
Born and raised in Denver, Colo., Carter moved to Vancouver after attending
South Plains College in Texas for commercial music. While she moved to Portland
in 2014, she still teaches private lessons in both Vancouver and Portland, in
addition to having online students. She and her mom also teach a Suzuki group
class twice a month in Vancouver called "Fiddlocity."
Teaching has become one of Carter's most cherished activities. "I absolutely
love giving someone the gift of music, and I always challenge my students to
work hard and become skilled musicians," said Carter. "It always means a lot to
me when I am able to help someone achieve their goals."
National title
When not helping others achieve their goals, Carter is setting and
accomplishing many of her own. One of her early highlights came in 2011, when
after 15 consecutive years of competing in the National Old Time Fiddlers
Contest in Weiser, Idaho, she won the title of National Young Adult Champion.
She's felt honored every time she's won a state title, which includes five
Colorado state champion titles, as well as ones in Wyoming, Arkansas, and this
year in Oregon. Carter acknowledges the win in Oregon was extra-special because
her mom is originally from the state, and it is where Carter now calls home.
In 2014, Carter placed eighth at the Grand Master Fiddle Championship in one of
the country's most eminent music cities - Nashville, Tenn.
While awards and accolades are always welcome, like many musicians the act of
touring around the world and playing for different audiences remains one of the
most rewarding and ongoing highlights.
"Every time I go on tour, I always feel like I grow - not only as a person, but
in my music as well," said Carter. "I really enjoy meeting new people on the
road, and all of the new experiences that come with it."
Jonathan Trawick, a fellow musician who first met Carter in Texas and has been
performing with her as the duo Aarun and Jonathan for the last three years,
marvels at Carter's ability to pick up on different styles of play.
"Aarun can literally play anything," said Trawick. "She has mastered the
technical aspects of fiddling so well that she can play any regional style she
hears. This country is so beautifully quilted with regional and individual
styles and influences from near and far. Aarun just wants to learn all of it."
Carter has toured with numerous bands in addition to working on studio
projects, such as recording 59 fiddle songs to accompany the instructional Mel
Bay book "Anthology of Contest Fiddle Tunes." She plays with multiple bands,
operates the graphic design company Innovative Formations and is the founder
and executive producer of the music documentary production company Fiddle TV.
While busy for now, Carter acknowledges the ambiguity that comes with being a
career musician, and plans to stay open to all the possibilities it might offer
her. "There are always so many unexpected opportunities," said Carter. "That
being said, I hope to still be teaching and performing on an international
level. I really love traveling, and I can't wait until I can take my music
overseas."
To learn more about Aarun Carter, her music, and upcoming performances and
projects, visit
www.aaruncarter.com
.
Emily Ostrowski: 360-735-4530;
emily.ostrowski@columbian.com
; twitter.com/eeostrowski85

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

Oklahoma: Jana Jae Fiddle Camp & Music Festival - Aug 29, 2014 to Aug 31, 2014

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Oklahoma City


Department of Tourism & Recreation, The State of Oklahoma  has issued the
following event detail:

Jana Jae Fiddle Camp & Music Festival   - Aug 29, 2014 to Aug 31, 2014
Grove Civic Center
1720 S Main
Grove, OK 74344
Phone: 918-786-8896
Fax: 918-786-8897
Description

Attend the Jana Jae Fiddle Camp and Music Festival and witness as fiddlers of
all levels and ages come together in a learning experience with master
instructors and performers.  Classes include demonstrations and instruction, as
well as learning to play with groups and before an audience.  All acoustic
musicians are welcome.  Other workshops presented are flat-pick guitar, back-up
guitar, mandolin, cello and spoons.  Enjoy this fun-filled weekend of learning,
great entertainment and jamming with friends.

This event will feature bluegrass music, swing and more.  Bring the whole family
and enjoy great food and great music.  Learn from the best area musicians in
individual and group sessions, then stick around for RV and tent camping,
fishing and boating on Oklahoma's beautiful Grand Lake.  The Jana Jae Fiddle
Camp and Music Festival will also feature special appearances by fiddle groups,
master fiddlers and top-contest fiddlers.

Enjoy a delicious barbecue dinner and kick-off party Friday evening, meet old
friends or make new ones, and make sure to practice for the workshops and
amateur fiddle contest.  This event will also feature a fish-fry, as well as
open stage jam sessions and informal "pickin' party."  Groups and individuals
are welcome to perform on Snider's Camp Stage.

For further information please visit: http://www.travelok.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

Oklahoma: na Jae Fiddle Camp & Music Festival - Aug 29, 2014 to Aug 31, 2014

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Oklahoma City


Department of Tourism & Recreation, The State of Oklahoma  has issued the
following event detail:

na Jae Fiddle Camp & Music Festival   - Aug 29, 2014 to Aug 31, 2014
Grove Civic Center
1720 S Main
Grove, OK 74344
Phone: 918-786-8896
Fax: 918-786-8897
Description

Attend the Jana Jae Fiddle Camp and Music Festival and witness as fiddlers of
all levels and ages come together in a learning experience with master
instructors and performers.  Classes include demonstrations and instruction, as
well as learning to play with groups and before an audience.  All acoustic
musicians are welcome.  Other workshops presented are flat-pick guitar, back-up
guitar, mandolin, cello and spoons.  Enjoy this fun-filled weekend of learning,
great entertainment and jamming with friends.

This event will feature bluegrass music, swing and more.  Bring the whole family
and enjoy great food and great music.  Learn from the best area musicians in
individual and group sessions, then stick around for RV and tent camping,
fishing and boating on Oklahoma's beautiful Grand Lake.  The Jana Jae Fiddle
Camp and Music Festival will also feature special appearances by fiddle groups,
master fiddlers and top-contest fiddlers.

Enjoy a delicious barbecue dinner and kick-off party Friday evening, meet old
friends or make new ones, and make sure to practice for the workshops and
amateur fiddle contest.  This event will also feature a fish-fry, as well as
open stage jam sessions and informal "pickin' party."  Groups and individuals
are welcome to perform on Snider's Camp Stage.

For further information please visit: http://www.travelok.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Oklahoma: Jana Jae Fiddle Camp & Music Festival - Aug 29, 2014 to Aug 31, 2014

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Oklahoma City


Department of Tourism & Recreation, The State of Oklahoma  has issued the
following event detail:

Jana Jae Fiddle Camp & Music Festival   - Aug 29, 2014 to Aug 31, 2014
Grove Civic Center
1720 S Main
Grove, OK 74344
Phone: 918-786-8896
Fax: 918-786-8897
Description

Attend the Jana Jae Fiddle Camp and Music Festival and witness as fiddlers of
all levels and ages come together in a learning experience with master
instructors and performers.  Classes include demonstrations and instruction, as
well as learning to play with groups and before an audience.  All acoustic
musicians are welcome.  Other workshops presented are flat-pick guitar, back-up
guitar, mandolin, cello and spoons.  Enjoy this fun-filled weekend of learning,
great entertainment and jamming with friends.

This event will feature bluegrass music, swing and more.  Bring the whole family
and enjoy great food and great music.  Learn from the best area musicians in
individual and group sessions, then stick around for RV and tent camping,
fishing and boating on Oklahoma's beautiful Grand Lake.  The Jana Jae Fiddle
Camp and Music Festival will also feature special appearances by fiddle groups,
master fiddlers and top-contest fiddlers.

Enjoy a delicious barbecue dinner and kick-off party Friday evening, meet old
friends or make new ones, and make sure to practice for the workshops and
amateur fiddle contest.  This event will also feature a fish-fry, as well as
open stage jam sessions and informal "pickin' party."  Groups and individuals
are welcome to perform on Snider's Camp Stage.

For further information please visit: http://www.travelok.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 13, 2005 Saturday

FOLK/Music;
Don Roy, Lucien Mathieu and Erica Brown, Maine Franco-American fiddle masters

SECTION: Pg. Y38

LENGTH: 1124 words


Saturday: Noon Heritage, 2:30 p.m. Two Rivers; Sunday: 3 p.m. Heritage

Master fiddlers from three generations bring the musical tradition of Maine's
Franco-American community to The American Folk Festival, playing music that
ethnomusicologist Bau Graves of Portland's Center for Cultural Exchange has
described as "simultaneously precisely controlled and wildly danceable."

Settlers in Maine brought with them both Acadian and Quebecois musical styles,
with the Quebecois emphasizing multipart structures and the Acadian generally
exhibiting a repeated two-part structure.

The tradition in southern Maine primarily reflects the Acadian style, which
incorporates songs from the Irish and Scottish repertoire.

This music was at the heart of a tradition of homegrown entertainment that
brought people together in settings ranging from parties at the family hearth to
dances in the logging camp. More recently, the tradition has begun to show the
influence of decades of fiddle contests, emphasizing clear, precise and -
perhaps most significant - fast playing, all the better to bring audiences to
their feet.

Gorham's Don Roy has been called "the dean of Franco-American fiddling in
Maine," a title that reflects both his skilled playing and his dedication to
sharing his musical heritage. House parties with fiddling and singing were a
weekly occurrence among Roy's extended family in the Winslow area, and he joined
the family's music-making tradition by taking up the guitar at age 6.

Roy's uncle Lucien Mathieu, who performs with him in Bangor, recognized his
talent and encouraged him to take up the fiddle at age 15. Roy traveled with his
"Uncle Lou" to the homes of noted fiddler friends and to fiddle contests
throughout New England and Canada, where the young Mainer refined his skills and
expanded his repertoire to include Acadian and Irish sounds as well as the
Quebecois tunes of his own family.

After many years performing with the Maine French Fiddlers, Roy now leads the
Don Roy Trio. Nationally recognized for his skill, Roy has performed at venues
including Carnegie Hall and Garrison Keillor's public radio program "A Prairie
Home Companion." Closer to home, he twice has won the Maine Fellowship for
Excellence in Traditional Music. He recently began to pursue an interest in
making stringed instruments, working under master craftsman Jon Cooper, and says
he finds great joy in "taking a piece of wood and making it alive."

Roy is particularly proud of the new fiddle-based group Fiddleicious, which has
grown out of his teaching at the Center for Cultural Exchange in Portland. What
began with a handful of students four years ago has blossomed into a close-knit
group of nearly 100 musicians and dancers from their teens to their 80s bringing
traditional Franco-American dance tunes to nursing homes and concert halls in
the Portland area.

Roy's most recent album is "Thanks for the Lift," and he brings that "lift" of
his musical traditions to Bangor this summer. The "lift," he explains, is the
musician's description of "the spirit in the music that makes you want to
dance."

Lucien Mathieu has a long history as an outstanding Maine fiddler. If Don Roy is
the dean of today's Franco-American fiddlers, his uncle and mentor, Lucien,
certainly holds that title for the previous generation - and he continues to be
a formidable player in his 80s.

For his contributions to Maine music, Mathieu was inducted in 1992 into the
Maine Country Music Hall of Fame. Born in 1923 into a large and musically
talented Quebecois family in Winslow, Mathieu grew up in a context in which
music making was both a passion and family entertainment. He began to study the
fiddle in earnest in his teens, learning from his father, Joe Mathieu, as well
as his own Uncle Lucien.

After returning from service in World War II, Lucien Mathieu was a regular
performer on local radio with Yodelin' Ike and the Hillbilly Jamboree. In the
late 1950s and 1960s, he played twin fiddles with Alphy Martin, and for the next
25 years he was a member of the Katahdin Mountaineers.

Beginning in the late 1980s, he led the Maine French Fiddlers with his nephew
Don Roy. Both of the younger fiddlers affirm Mathieu's major role in Maine's
French fiddle tradition. Erica Brown notes that "Pepere" Mathieu's "desire to
preserve this heritage music is unsurpassed by anyone." Don Roy says of his
uncle's influence: "He gave me a gift to last a lifetime and taught me to have
fun with it."

Erica Brown, 21, of Lewiston is the third generation of Maine fiddlers to grace
the Bangor stage this summer. Widely praised for her ability to combine the
precision of classical violin technique with the spirit and joy of traditional
fiddle, she applies her talents to both bluegrass and the Franco-American tunes
of her heritage.

Inspired by the musical talents and traditional repertoire of her grandfather,
an accordionist, she began to study music at age 6. She has studied both
classical violin and fiddle, the latter under fellow Bangor performer Don Roy,
whom she counts as an important mentor.

Brown joined the Maine French Fiddlers at age 10. Since then, she has performed
regularly as a solo act with the Old-Time Radio Gang, led her own band, The
Bluegrass Connection, and put out three CDs, the latest 2003's "Imagine That."
She was named the 2003 Junior Female Entertainer of the Year by the Maine
Country Music Association. She now studies audio recording at the University of
Maine at Augusta, but reports that live performance is still her "favorite thing
to do."

Accompanying these outstanding fiddlers are the remaining members of the Don Roy
Trio, Cindy Roy and Jay Young. Growing up in the Acadian-American community in
the Westbrook area, Cindy Roy was encouraged to take up the piano by her
grandfather, the fiddler Alphy Martin - the same Alphy Martin who played twin
fiddles with Lucien Mathieu. While she undertook classical training in her
youth, Cindy Roy began to focus on learning traditional Franco-American piano
chording in 1980 when she met her husband, Don.

In performance she also incorporates the step dancing she has loved since
childhood. She recalls having to be carried off to bed crying as a young girl
because she wanted to keep dancing all night at family soirees.

Bassist Jay Young comes to the tradition by a more circuitous route through rock
'n' roll and bluegrass, finally teaming up with Don Roy in 1985 to play
Franco-American music at house parties, in the Maine French Fiddlers and in the
Don Roy Trio.

"The community," he points out, "has been graciously inclusive." In the last few
years Young has taken another great leap, literally, studying stepping with Roy
and becoming, perhaps, the only step-dancing upright bass player in the world.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News

                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

Downtown Mount Airy Fiddle Crawl draws 12 sponsors

BYLINE: David Broyles, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 562 words


Jan. 01--Organizers of the first Public Art Fiddle Crawl are pleased and
surprised with the response to the event with a dozen sponsors signed up to
sponsor the art work.

According to Mainstreet Coordinator Lizzie Morrison the effort is a public art
initiative presented by Mount Airy Downtown Inc. It is modeled after other
successful fundraisers in North Carolina Main Street Communities and will
feature larger-than-life, three dimensional, fiberglass fiddle sculptures
painted, decorated, and embellished by local artists.

"It looks like we're going to have 12 fiddles for sure," said Morrison. "Our
goal was to have ten fiddles, so we exceeded our goal." She said 23 artists
submitted design concepts which were collected in a notebook for sponsors to
look at. Sponsors could then choose a design on a first-come, first-served basis
and sign off on the book so the next sponsor would know what designs were
available.

"We had a really wide variety of designs submitted by our artists," said
Morrison. "The designs ranged in style from the abstract, flowers, local
cultural references including Mayberry, dogwoods and granite, Old Time music and
family. I think the designs already chosen are wonderful. We still have still
have wonderful designs waiting to be chosen as well. We were so impressed at the
effort of our artists. They obviously put in so much effort and works for hours
on the designs."

Morrison said early on organizers had thought the concept would be so new to the
area five sponsors for fiddles would be a realistic first goal.

"You never truly know the response or how change will be received as far as the
downtown area or public art is concerned," said Morrison. "We are hoping to be
able to make this an ongoing project." She said in May the fiddles will be
placed in key downtown locations for a five month public art exhibit, and
auctioned off in October to support funding for downtown economic development.

She said one of the goals of the sculptures is to promote Mount Airy assets
including the hundreds of arts events every year with the downtown serving as a
"backdrop" for photos. The cost of each fiddle is underwritten by a sponsor
business, individual, civic or other organization.

Participating artists are given a fiberglass fiddle as his or her canvas. In
May, the fiddles will be revealed at the Fiddle Crawl Reveal event, a community
celebration which will feature live music as well. Fiddles will then be placed
in their "temporary homes" throughout downtown as the official Fiddle Crawl
begins. Fiddle Crawl maps and brochures will tell the unique story and mark the
location of each fiddle.

Morrison said plaques on the base of each fiddle will recognize the sponsor and
the artist. In October, the fiddles will be up for bid at the Fiddle Crawl
Auction with a portion of the proceeds going to the artist. A portion of the
proceeds will fund downtown economic development efforts.

She said other benefits of the effort include enhancing downtown appearance,
promoting arts and local businesses, creating an additional tourist attraction,
encouraging foot-traffic and further Connects the Entire Downtown District.

Reach David Broyles at dbroyles@civitasmedia.com or 336-719-1952.

___ (c)2014 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140101-NI-Downtown-Mount-Airy-Fiddle
-Crawl-draws-12-sponsors-0101-20140101

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2014

                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                               May 7, 2006 Sunday
                                 Idaho Edition

Fiddlers' paradise;
Every year, fiddlers flock;
to Weiser, Idaho, for nationals

BYLINE: Story and photos By Jesse Tinsley The Spokesman-Review

SECTION: T; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 809 words


If you can identify fiddle tunes like "Pig Ankle Rag" or "Swallowtail Jig" by
ear, then you have probably heard about Weiser, Idaho.

If not, then you should know that this small farming town in arid southwestern
Idaho is a Mecca for fiddlers, guitar pickers and people who love old-time
music.

Thousands of musicians and music lovers arrive every June for the National
Oldtime Fiddlers Contest, where blazing speed and musicianship can win you a
trophy and bragging rights for life.

"If you win at Weiser, it's like winning the Super Bowl," says Denell LeTourneau
of the Weiser Area Chamber of Commerce.

The event, known simply as "fiddle week," is bigger than just the contest stage
at Weiser High School. It's all about music and you'll hear it at local parks,
in campgrounds and on street corners.

Weiser has hosted the contest since 1953.

"There's been a fiddling tradition in Weiser dating back to the late 1800s and
it's always been a part of this town," says LeTourneau.

Informal gatherings to show off fiddling skills in America date back to 1736,
according to the contest Web site, but organized showdowns have multiplied in
the last 100 years or so. The Weiser contest organization is the sanctioning
body for fiddle contests in the U.S.

Fiddle contests have formal rules, including a time limit for each performer, a
format of songs to be played and an amplification system that pipes the music to
judges who are sequestered in another room. Contestants compete in several age
categories, from "small fry" to "senior-senior."

The keenest competition is in the grand championship division. Tony Ludiker of
Rathdrum, Idaho, has won that title five times, tying a record for the most
wins.

"My first year attending the fiddle contest was 1976. And I've never missed,"
says Ludiker, who has also served as a judge several times. "I have no plans to
ever miss."

Ludiker teaches fiddle and violin and performs fiddle and classical music. His
grown children, Kimber and Dennis, have won many contests over the years.
Kimber, 20, took second place in the grand champion division in 2005 while her
dad was eighth.

Fiddling has been popular in the Spokane and Coeur d'Alene area for many years.
Hundreds of children have learned to play at a free music workshop in the
Spokane Valley. At the Tuesday night jam sessions at Pioneer School, retired
firefighter Frank Wagner strums his guitar and fiddlers as young as 3  play
simple songs, such as "You Are My Sunshine" and "Five Foot Two."

The workshop closes up during the summer so fiddlers can compete at weekend
contests. Serious fiddlers may head to Texas or even the East Coast to compete.
Whether they are competing or not, many try to be in Weiser during the contest.

Jam sessions are an integral part of fiddle week activities. After competition
sessions, musicians pull their chairs and instruments up to a circle as the sun
is going down.

Like gunslingers with guitars, musicians prowl the RV village outside Weiser
High School looking for a jam session with the best players and an empty seat.
Many will play until the wee hours of the morning. You'll hear Irish jigs,
cowboy songs, jazz standards, ethnic and folk music.

Over the musical conversation, new friends are made and old friendships are
renewed.

"You get together, play some tunes and catch up on what's happened in the year
since you saw them last," says Tony Ludiker. "It's like a big family, a musical
family."

The Chamber of Commerce estimates that 18,000 visitors spend about $4 million in
Weiser during that week. The town's 5,300 citizens field more than 1,000
volunteers to help out.

"It's something the entire town promotes and gets behind," says LeTourneau.

The Weiser Senior Center serves breakfast and the Elks club serves dinner all
week. At either place you're likely to hear live music from visiting fiddlers.
Area nursing homes ask fiddlers to stop by and play.

At the visitors' center downtown, an open mike session invites wandering
musicians to stop and sing a few songs. Churches open concessions stands, flea
markets pop up and garage sales appear.

There's a carnival in Veterans Park, and across the street, the municipal pool
invites weary travelers.

Every spring, fiddlers ask each other: "Goin' to Weiser?"

SIDEBAR:

1. IF YOU GO

National Oldtime Fiddlers Contest

*Fiddle week is always the last full week of June in Weiser, Idaho. Information
about the contest and visiting Weiser is at  www.fiddlecontest.com.

*Many motels and RV parks are booked months in advance, so an early reservation
is important. Weather varies from hot to very hot and temperatures over 100
degrees are common, so appropriate dress and water intake are important. Casual
dress is fine at music venues.

2. ON THE WEB:

See a multimedia slide show about Weiser's annual National Oldtime Fiddlers
contest at spokesmanreview.com/blogs/video

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Spokesman-Review staff photographer Jesse Tinsley, who builds and plays
ukeleles, lives with two fiddlers: wife Honey Jean and son Colby.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Weiser Signal American (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 18, 2014

Banjo contest brings fun to Fiddle Fest

BYLINE: Weiser Signal American staff

LENGTH: 743  words


The banjos are coming! The banjos are coming! Last year, the Banjo Contest at
the Fiddle Fest was so popular they've brought it back for an extra day of
competition.

And, in addition that success, on May 1-4 of this year, several hundred
enthusiasts gathered on the lawn of the Heritage Center to participate in the
annual Blue-grass Banjo Camp, taught by such luminaries as Bill Evans ("Banjo
For Dummies"), among others. And while some of the featured bands at the event
featured the fiddle, that beloved instrument took a temporary backseat to the
only musical apparatus invented in the United States of America.

And while we're not ready to turn over everything at the Fiddle Fest to this
simple instrument, the diversity seems appropriate. The winners in each category
(Bluegrass, Old Time, Banjo and Fiddle, Open) were awarded pies, banjo strings
and bragging rights, but perhaps the competitor who captivated more attention
than anyone was Kevin Dwight, a 13-year old who just began playing a little more
than a year ago.

He did not take the gold medal, but was the only player not to constantly tune
up in front of the audience, so he received high marks in this scribbler's book
for that achievement. "I had a lot of fun," said the Spirit Lake, Idaho
home-schooled student. "I had almost as much fun with the jokes than I did
playing. It was great."

The winner of the Old Time category, Peter Linden, came a long way just to
participate. "I just moved to Highland Park (in Los Angeles)," said the
five-year veteran of the banjo wars after finishing second in the preliminaries
and grabbing the brass ring on this evening. "I don't know what the difference
was, but I am very grateful. This is a great contest and I had a lot of fun,"

In the Banjo and Fiddle category, Lucas Hicks and Devon Champlin both of
Bellingham, Wash., took first place, while Boise's Jason Homey, who finished
second in Old Time and participated in the recent Bluegrass Camp, won the Open
competition.

Preliminary rounds were held on Saturday, June 14 and the finals took place
Sunday, June 15 on the lawn at Beardsley Hall, (next to the Snake River Heritage
Center on Paddock Avenue.)

There will be three banjo categories; clawhammer, three-finger, and "other
styles," plus an added category of Banjo and Fiddle as well as entertainment by
the Ukeladies and a "Banjo Joke" contest, with up to 10 contestants in each
category.

In case anyone has not heard of that part of the show, audience members competed
to tell the funniest pun for a pie. Popular were the "What's the difference ..."
ones. The difference between a dead skunk in the road and a banjo (there's skid
marks in front of the skunk) and the difference between a large pizza and a
banjo (a large pizza can feed a family of four, etc.).

One of the winners, however, was actually from a true story (or so he said) in
which a fella played a song for his father, who then said, "Can you play 'Far,
Far Away?'" The son said he did not know that particular tune, to which dad
replied, "No, can you physically play far, far away." Happy Father's Day.
Another local bemoaned the reason why CSI cannot figure out how to solve serial
murders of banjo players is that they leave behind no dental records and the DNA
are all the same.

For those who may not know it, the banjo is a four-, five- or (occasionally)
six-stringed instrument witha thin membrane stretched over a framd or cavity as
a resonator. The membrane is typically a piece of animal skin or plastic, and
the frame is typically circular. Early forms of the instrument were fashioned by
Africans in Colonial America, adapted from several African instruments of
similar design.

The banjo is frequently associated with country, folk, Irish traditional and
blue-grass music. Historically, the banjo occupied a central place in
African-American traditional music before becoming popular in the minstrel shows
of the 19th century. In fact, slaves both were influenced by and influenced the
early development of the music, which became country and bluegrass, particularly
in regards to the innovation of musical techniques for both the banjo and fiddle
. Thus, the banjo, with the fiddle, is a mainstay of American old-time music.

Thanks to absolutely beautiful (and cool) weather - until a sudden squall moved
in on Sunday evening - the event was held outdoors on the lush grove off of
Paddock. The seating was non-existent, unless you brought your own, but the
music was wonderful.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEI

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 Weiser Signal American

                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 3, 2011 Sunday

Old-fashioned fiddle music fills the air in San Jose's Rose Garden

BYLINE: By John Boudreau jboudreauu@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local; Entertainment; Music

LENGTH: 654 words


In a region fixated on everything new, there's still room for something old.

San Jose's Rose Garden Park was filled with the jaunty twangs of a fiddle jam
session Sunday afternoon, an apt prelude to Monday's Fourth of July
celebrations.

The musicians, members of the Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers Association, billed as
the state's only independent fiddlers organization, gathered under a small grove
of redwood trees and played tunes that the body just can't resist wanting to
move to. Fiddle jams include not just the fiddle, but also a number of other
acoustic instruments, including guitar, double bass and mandolin.

"It's American music -- Saturday-night-relaxing-time music," said Charlotte
Prater, a trustee of the association, who broke into a jig as five or more
clusters of musicians picked up bows and picked at banjos, producing an array of
blues-country-swing-and-old-time fiddle tunes.

"It has upbeat rhythms, but some of the songs are the saddest songs you've ever
heard in your life," she said.  [0/00]'Oh, Daddy, please don't go to the mine
today. I've had such a terrible dream.' There are songs about children dying and
soldiers dying. It's emotional music."

The music itself, though, is upbeat -- a musical metaphor of the resilient
spirit of early Americans and others who overcome hardship and heartache to
build a new country and work through individual struggles.

The fiddle provided the soundtrack of the growth and yearnings of a young
America. Early settlers embraced the portable and rugged instruments. And while
devotees of the art form are apt to refer to fiddling as "old-time" music, its
tempo is still very much a part of the nation's landscape.

One doesn't have to be westward bound in a covered wagon to enjoy its
foot-jumping beats. Today, its timeless tunes attract players from 8 to 80.

As the jam was getting started, Robin Gau and her three daughters showed up to
join in.

"I like how it's very fast, very lively music," said 12-year-old Zoe Wu just
before she and her family pulled violins out of their cases.

"It's so happy," Gau said. "It's a group thing. It gets people going. But it's
never too rowdy. It's wholesome."

The association, which aims to promote the genre, holds annual youth fiddle
contests. It performs the first Sunday of every month, usually at nearby Hoover
Middle School, but moves its venue to the park in July and August. The group
sponsors several training sessions for young people with a professional musician
every year, said Richard Brooks, president of the 38-year-old fiddlers
association that has as many as 200 members.

"The goal is for us to have fun," he said.

Just before Christmas, $4,000 worth of speakers, microphones and mixers were
stolen from the group's San Jose storage locker. The nonprofit organization,
which relies on donations, hopes to buy new equipment before its annual youth
fiddle contest on Nov. 6.

Fiddle jam sessions are relaxed, free-flowing events. Each musician in a group
gets a turn at choosing the tune. Players frequently shift from group to group.

"It's totally disorganized," Prater said. "If a jam gets too big, it breaks up"
as some players drift over to other groups.

On Sunday, dozens of lovers of fiddling set up lawn chairs under the canopy of
redwood branches to listen to the soothing tunes on a hot summer day.

"It's perfect summer music," said Mirell Fayne, who just recently fell in love
with the folksy music. "You couldn't ask for more. You have the Rose Garden and
the musicians. It's simple, acoustic, relaxing. It's a treat."

She's taken on a personal task to promote fiddle music.

"It's always the new that makes the conversation," Fayne said. "There should be
a way to make this known. I'm sure a lot of people would be interested. There's
a lot to learn about it. It's amazing to hear it live."

For more information about the Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers Association, see
www.scvfa.org .

Contact John Boudreau at 408-278-3496.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Members of the Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers Association jammed for free
on Sunday July 3, 2011 at the San Jose Municipal Rose Garden Park in San Jose.
While the Sunday jam was free, any donations made to the nonprofit group is
appreciated because much of that money would be used to purchase new sound
equipment. (Photo by Patrick Tehan/Mercury News)
Wes Mitchell of Los Altos plays old-time fiddle music as the Santa Clara Valley
Fiddlers Association jammed for free on Sunday July 3, 2011 at the San Jose
Municipal Rose Garden Park in San Jose. While the Sunday jam was free, any
donations made to the nonprofit group is appreciated because much of that money
would be used to purchase new sound equipment. (Photo by Patrick Tehan/Mercury
News)
From left, Sam Morocco, Giddeon Tanner and John Durbin play old-time fiddle
music as the Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers Association jammed for free on Sunday
July 3, 2011 at the San Jose Municipal Rose Garden Park in San Jose. While the
Sunday jam was free, any donations made to the nonprofit group is appreciated
because much of that money would be used to purchase new sound equipment. (Photo
by Patrick Tehan/Mercury News)
Jean Avram, right, teaches Isabel Wu, 8, of Santa Clara to play old-time fiddle
music as the Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers Association jammed for free on Sunday
July 3, 2011 at the San Jose Municipal Rose Garden Park in San Jose. Wu is a
classically trained violinists but had never played bluegrass before. While the
Sunday jam was free, any donations made to the nonprofit group is appreciated
because much of that money would be used to purchase new sound equipment. (Photo
by Patrick Tehan/Mercury News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 2, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: 35th Annual Banjo and Fiddle Contests September 6th, 2014 at
Boarding House Park

LENGTH: 328  words

DATELINE: Washington


US National Park Services, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Bust out your banjos, flex your fiddles, and come hang out at Boarding House
Park for a day of traditional music and family fun. The Banjo & Fiddle Contest
celebrates its 35th year on September 6, 2014, from noon to 6:00PM. The event is
free for contestants, as well as all traditional music fans who'd like to come
and listen. Never been to a banjo and fiddle contest before? Bring your lawn
chairs and settle in to watch the friendly competition and get in touch with our
country's musical roots.

At Lowell National Historical Park, we honor the connections between past and
present. At the Banjo & Fiddle Contest, we invite you to come celebrate musical
heritage. The repertoire of tunes played during the Contest is what Folklorists
refer to as traditional music--music practiced by groups of people who share a
common ethnic heritage, geographic region, or way of life. Tunes are shared
within families and communities and are passed on over generations.

In keeping with the broader tradition of banjo and fiddle contests, cash prizes
will be awarded for 9 categories: Southern Appalachian Old Time Fiddle, Southern
Appalachian Old Time Banjo, Bluegrass Fiddle, Bluegrass Banjo, Banjo & Fiddle
(any style), Fiddle (other styles), Banjo (other styles), Twin Fiddle, Youth (12
and under). Judges Maggie Holtzberg and Alan Kaufman will evaluate contestants
on the following criteria: stylistic authenticity, intonation, musicality,
rhythm/danceability, and tone.

Come for the fiddles, stay for the fun! We'll have kids' activities 10AM-noon,
and then a whole afternoon full of music and community.

Rain Location: Lowell High School Auditorium, 50 Fr. Morrissette Blvd., across
the street from Boarding House Park. On-line registration is available at
www.nps.gov/lowe.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday
                                  Mich Edition

River City Strings formed to have fun

BYLINE: JEFF HARRELL, South Bend Tribune

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 541 words


ebbie Barker greets the question with a burst of incredulous laughter.

"Improvisation?" she echoes. "With the symphony?"

Ever in her 34 years performing as second violinist with the South Bend Symphony
Orchestra?

"No," Barker says, still giggling at the thought of riffing off-the-cuff during
a Mozart composition. "That would be chaos."

So when fellow SBSO second violinist Christine Milliken approached Barker with
an offer to take their violins to the Studebaker Plaza at the corner of
Jefferson Boulevard and Michigan Street to play for the Red Table Plaza
lunchtime crowd free of a conductor's baton, the River City Strings was born.

"I just said let's get together and have some fun," Milliken says. "We're not
like some groups that are clearly established, but we've been playing together
for the symphony."

They have: Milliken joined the SBSO in 1975, and Barker joined in 1980 and
recently retired as an orchestra director with the South Bend Community School
Corp.

"Just the two of us together? We haven't, but we've done it with other musician
friends of ours," Barker says. "We have repertoire to choose from."

Along with "some Mozart duets," Milliken and Barker will draw their bows over a
selection of pop tunes, some light classical compositions, and even a little
jazz "not necessarily on the radio," Milliken says.

There also will be some fiddle tunes, which Milliken has been learning in recent
years during trips to Ireland.

"When I was younger, I never would have thought of doing this," she says about
branching out from the classical music she studied at the New England
Conservatory in Boston and at Indiana University's renown School of Music in
Bloomington to the Irish folk music that's in her blood. "But I think how I
approach the instrument has changed. I kind of dabble in Irish stuff, and then
you get a Lilly grant to go to Ireland to kind of immerse (yourself) into my
culture."

And yes, Barker and Milliken do on occasion refer to their violins as fiddles.

"I think some of it is determined by the venue," Milliken says, "and just what
kind of music you're playing."

"I had a professor in college that called my instrument an ax, so there you go,"
Barker, who picked up the violin at the age of 8 and earned a music degree from
Kalamazoo College, says. "It depends on the genre. More Irish people will call
it a fiddle. In bluegrass, they call it a fiddle. It's all the same instrument."

The fiddle is more likely to show up Monday at the Red Table Plaza. The bulk of
the 90-minute lunchtime set will consist of the Irish folk music Milliken has
brought back from Ireland.

"Mostly," Barker says, "we'll do some of the Irish things, and stuff like that.
We've been practicing together, and I'm aware of it, but she's definitely more
versed in the Irish music than I am. I'm just gonna follow her lead."

"You're communicating with your partner, so it's not a solo act," Milliken says,
"and you're hoping that you're playing in such a way that the music selections
you do play will be easily enjoyed by the audience."

in concert

* Who: River City Strings

* When: 11:45 a.m. Monday

* Where: Studebaker Plaza, Jefferson Boulevard and Michigan Street, South Bend

* Cost: Free

* For more information: Visit dtsbredtableplaza.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                          November 15, 2007, Thursday

Entertainment listings for Nov. 15-21;
Quick takes FOOTMAD hosts La. band

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P02D

LENGTH: 317 words


A high-energy band from Louisiana, the Red Stick Ramblers, will hit the Cultural
Center stage at 8 p.m. Saturday.

The quintet plays a mixture of Cajun fiddle tunes, Western swing and traditional
jazz of the 1920s and 30s.

Formed eight years ago, the band is composed of Kevin Wimmer, fiddle and vocals;
Eric Frey, bass and vocals; Linzay Young, vocals and fiddle, Chas Justus, guitar
and vocals and Gleen Fields, drums.

Tickets for the FOOTMAD event are $18 for adults, $15 for seniors, and $10 for
students.

Children 12 and under get in free.

Advance tickets are available at Ellen's Homemade Ice Cream on Capitol Street
and Fret & Fiddle, St. Albans or by visiting www.footmad.org.

Group picks 'Pageant' cast

The cast has been selected for the Kanawha Players production of the comedy
classic "The Best Christmas Pageant Ever."

The play will be performed at the Charleston Civic Center Little Theater at 8
p.m. Dec. 7-8 and 14-15.

The show, based on the popular book of the same name, tells the story of the
Herdman family and how they learn the true meaning of Christmas.

The cast includes Shawn Hansen, Allyssa Quencer, Michael Hansen, Bruce Swiney,
Jack Swiney and Olivia Strother as the Herdman family and Sarah Barber, Greg
Stone, Zoe Murphy and Jarrett Hansen as the Bradley family.

Other cast members include Linda O'Neill, Amy Campbell, Bryanna Christian,
Morgan Ray, Sydney Moore, Haley Sapp, Levi Wade, Joseph Wirts, Elizabeth Wirts
and Rachel Blake.

For more information, call 343-7529 or visit www.kanawhaplayers.com.

Dance group set to perform

Illstyle & Peace Productions brings a fusion of modern and traditional dance
forms to the Clay Center at 8 p.m. Saturday.

The multicultural, mixed-gender dance company focuses on the movement and spirit
of old-school hip-hop.

Based in Philadelphia, the company was founded in 2002.

Tickets for the event are $15-$35. Call 561-3570 or visit www.theclaycenter.org.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers

                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 17, 2012 Friday

Kelly Thibodeaux and Etouffee

BYLINE: Laurie Heuston, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 521 words


Aug. 17--Like a little rock 'n' roll mixed in with your swamp music? Fiddler
Kelly Thibodeaux and his band Etouffee play music in the vein of Little Feat,
Doug Kershaw and The Band, according to CMJ Magazine.

Thibodeaux says his music -- inspired by the hot, swampy regions of Louisiana --
is a mix of rhythm and blues, Southern rock and Cajun music.

"We're bringing a little piece of Louisiana down to ya'll," Thibodeaux says
during a telephone interview from his home in Oakridge. "Couple it with the
summer heat and it ought to be just about right."

Thibodeaux and Etouffee will perform at 7 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 22, in the
amphitheater at Bear Creek Park, Highland Drive and Siskiyou Boulevard, Medford.

The Eugene-based band's lineup includes guitarist David Bock, drummer Allen
Bosworth and bassist Ed Smith. Thibodeaux, who has lived in Oregon since 1986,
maintains strong ties with his Louisiana roots. He visits his home state several
times a year to catch up with friends and kin and to eat lots of food, he says.

"I find inspiration for my music when I visit Louisiana and from memories of
growing up there," Thibodeaux says. "When I visit, it's to see friends down on
the bayou, the swamplands of Louisiana."

Born in New Orleans and raised on the Mississippi Gulf Coast, Thibodeaux says he
is a "native son of Southwestern Louisiana."

He plays electric fiddle, writes his own songs, and music is centered around his
energetic fiddle sawing, a style that keeps his band's members on their toes.
His music is so eminently danceable that no one -- young or old -- can resist a
shuffle or two.

"I write songs about swamps, alligators, crawfish, hot sauce and things that go
bump in the night," Thibodeaux says. "I might cover a Doug Kershaw song, but
that's about it."

He cites Kershaw, Papa John Creech, "an obscure little Cajun player named Dewey
Balfa" and Charlie Daniels as his most admired fiddlers.

"That's a good smorgasbord of fiddle-playin' influences," he says.

Thibodeaux and his band have been playing together for what seems like decades,
Thibodeaux says.

"This lineup of musicians has been with me for 15 years," he says. "We'll
probably play until we die, hopefully not right in the middle of a gig.

"Every year that passes, more and more musicians come into the world and start
playing. There are more musicians out there now than ever. I still get gigs
because I have a unique sound that appeals to all ages ... and both genders," he
says with a laugh.

When Thibodeaux isn't performing at shows, he's teaching elementary students how
to play fiddle. He works through various arts councils in the state.

"I go into the schools with about 50 fiddles and work with kids from
kindergarten on up," he says. "The first-graders can learn a tune in three days.
I teach them how to saw. Once they learn that, they quickly pick up on other
fiddle tunes."

Admission to the Bear Creek concert is free. For more information about
Thibodeaux and his music programs, see www.etouffee.com.

___ (c)2012 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120817-ME-Kelly-Thibodeaux-and-Etouffee-0817-20120817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2012 Mail Tribune

                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Sherbrooke Record (Quebec)

                            March 26, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

...he laid that golden fiddle on the ground at Davis' feet; 'He gave it to me,
no strings attached,' he says

BYLINE: Christopher Roy, Special to The Record

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 565  words

DATELINE: ROCK ISLAND


For the past 33 years Rock Island native Larry Davis has been entertaining
residents on both sides of the border with the sounds of fiddle music. Davis,
57, said the fiddle is more for bluegrass and country music while violin is
mostly classical music. He said bluegrass music has faster chord changes than
violin.

"If you miss one chord change you missed it all," he said. Davis enjoys playing
bluegrass more than country. "It's the music itself; it represents how they used
to live in the United States and some in Canada."

While the fiddle is Davis' niche, he also enjoys playing the banjo and rhythm
guitar, which not very many people know about.

"I never take them out to play," he explained. "The fiddle seems to be the
easiest to carry around."

Davis credits his music success to his family, which had frequent jam sessions
at his home when he was young. He also enjoyed watching the former Hee Haw TV
show and going to bluegrass concerts.

"The older the player, the sweeter the music," he said. "Guitars, mandolins and
banjos produce good music if they're played well, but the king of all music, as
far as I'm concerned, is the fiddle."

Davis said the fiddle, unlike some other string instruments, has four strings
and doesn't have any frets or position marks, which makes it one of the most
difficult instruments to play.

"You have to earn the music you play," he said.

Some of Davis' favorite fiddlers include Bennie Martin and Tommy Williams.

Red River Valley was the first piece he mastered, but now he enjoys playing
faster tunes like Orange Blossom Special. He said he knows enough pieces to
perform for at least four hours without playing the same song twice. It
typically takes him one day to learn a piece of music that he's really
interested in.

Davis said he's turned down several invitations from the likes of Tommy Williams
to perform in Nashville.

"I don't know what's wrong with me," he said. "If my friends had the same
opportunities they would have jumped at them. They wouldn't be like me, but
maybe one day I will do it."

He is considering sending samples of his work to advertising agencies in hopes
that it will be played as background music for television commercials.

Davis currently owns three violins, one belonged to his father and the second
belonged to his grandfather. The 100-year-old violin his father gave him 35
years ago came without strings.

"He gave it to me, no strings attached," he said chuckling. "It took me one day
to get the strings on it."

Bennie Martin, a well known fiddle player, told him to pick up "his little
buddy" whenever he was feeling down.

"He said, 'I guarantee after that you'll feel much, much better'," recalled
Davis. "He tells nothing but the truth, because that's true."

Today, Davis plays on both sides of the border, but he doesn't charge to play in
the United States. He said his favorite payment came from his mother in the form
of a pie.

"She told me she'd make me an apple pie for a tune," he said. "Two days later,
the pie was gone and I tried to make the same deal, but she told me, 'I thought
you were trying to lose some weight.'"

Patience, practice, practice, and more practice is the advice he gives to anyone
wishing to play the fiddle. Davis, who teaches the fiddle, said the instrument
can be turned into a rock and roll instrument, but that isn't for him.

"I'll keep it bluegrass type," he said. "That's the way I like it."

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Christopher Roy; Rock Island's Larry Davis has been entertaining crowds
on both sides of the border for 33 years. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Sherbrooke Record
                              All Rights Reserved

                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 28, 2007, Monday

Vandalia winners announced

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5D

LENGTH: 556 words


The best in fiddle, bluegrass banjo, old-time banjo, lap dulcimer, flat-pick
guitar and mandolin playing competed during the 31st annual Vandalia Gathering
at the state Capitol Complex in Charleston Saturday and Sunday.

The event is held each Memorial Day weekend and sponsored by the West Virginia
Division of Culture and History.

The biggest "liars," an annual Goldenseal magazine contest going to storytellers
with the best tall tales, also competed Sunday.

Those winners were: Karen McKay, Ripley, Biggest Liar; Rich Knoblich, Wheeling,
Bigger Liar; Jerry Cooperman, Martinsburg, Big Liar. Noah Lepp of Charleston won
the youth award.

The youth fiddle winners, for those 15 and under, were: Ray Cossin, Mount Alto,
first place ($75); Jessica Hilbert, St. Albans, second place ($50); Arianna
Macy, Charleston, third place ($25).

The fiddle awards, for those 60 and older, went to: Chance McCoy, Martinsburg,
first place ($400); Dan Kessinger, St. Marys, second place, ($250); Zack Fanok,
Morgantown, third place ($150); Ray Cossin, Mount Alto, fourth place ($75);
Jerrica Hilbert, St. Albans, fifth place ($50).

The senior fiddle winners, for those over 60, were: Lester McCumbers, Nicut,
first place ($400); Gerry Milnes, Elkins, second place ($250); Boyd Phillips,
Elkins, third place ($150); Don Jones, Scott Depot, fourth place ($75); Elmer
Rich, Morgantown, fifth place ($50).

The mandolin winners were: Chris Davis, Ona, first place ($400); Steve Acord,
Fairdale, second place ($250); Dan Kessinger, St. Marys, third place ($150);
Robin Kessinger, St. Albans, fourth place ($75); John Putnam, Looneyville, fifth
place ($50).

The bluegrass banjo winners were: Brandon Green, Sophia, first place ($400); Ben
Harrington, Artie, second place ($250); Doug Cossin, Mount Alto, third place
($150); Andrew Kidd, Hurricane, fourth place ($75); Zack Life, Murraysville,
fifth place ($50).

The old-time banjo winners, for 60 and under, were: Bob Shank, Bruceton Mills,
first place ($400); Bob Smakula, Elkins, second place ($250); David O'Dell, West
Logan, third place ($150); Ben Townsend, Romney, fourth place ($75); Jim
Mullins, St. Albans, fifth place ($50).

The senior old-time banjo winners, for 60 and older, were: Gerry Milnes, Elkins,
first place ($400); Ben Carr, Wilsie, second place ($250); Bernard Cyrus, Fort
Gay, third place ($150); Ted Samples, Harrisville, fourth place ($75); Charlie
Loudermilk, Frankford, fifth place ($50).

The youth lap dulcimer winners, age 15 and under, were: Katie Stricker, South
Charleston, first place ($75); Shalor Gore, Charleston, second place ($50);
Jackson Davis, Tornado, third place ($25).

The lap dulcimer winners were: Robin Kessinger, St. Albans, first place ($400);
Dave Haas, Cross Lanes, second place ($250); Heidi Mueller, Charleston, third
place ($150); Tish Westman, Mabscott, fourth place ($75); Tim Gillenwater,
Griffithsville, fifth place ($50).

The youth flat-pick guitar winners, for those under 15, were: Jacob Ryder,
Marlinton, first place ($75); Doug Cossin, Mt. Alto, second place ($50); Levi
Lipps, Bomont, third place ($25).

The flat-pick guitar winners were: Matt Lindsey, Dunbar, first place ($400);
Adam Hager, Kenna, second place ($250); Brandon Bentley, Sumerco, third place
($150); Dan Kessinger, St. Marys, fourth place ($75); Tim Gillenwater,
Griffithsville, fifth place ($50).

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers

                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Weiser Signal American (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 5, 2013

TVs Antiques Roadshow to look at local fiddle and gun

BYLINE: Weiser Signal American staff

LENGTH: 702  words


Several fans of the "Antiques Roadshow" have been anticipating a chance to make
the trip to Boise this month to get items appraised. Weiser had a few lucky
winners of tickets and Ruby Pope said that when she found out she won tickets
she was very excited.

"I felt like I had just won the lottery," Pope said.

Pope already had a few items in mind when she put her name into the pot hoping
for a chance to attend. The show that is broadcast on Public Broadcasting
Service is a big hit and has been nominated for an Emmy Award 10 times. This
year Boise is one of eight different cities the show will visit this summer. It
will come to the Boise Fairgrounds on Saturday, June 29.

Admission to the event was free but since thousands of people wanted to attend
the event you had to fill out an application. Pope filled out her application in
12,000 applications to compete with. The cut off for applications was in April.
Around three weeks ago she found out that she was a lucky recipient of two
tickets to the show.

"I've been telling everyone around town, I'm so excited," Pope said.

She intends on bringing two items and her daughter will attend with her. Both of
Pope's items have a story and history behind them. They are tied to her family
and she's more interested in getting them appraised than being on the show.

The first item she decided on was an old rifle. The gun is a 1867 Winchester and
has been with her family for at least three generations. The gun belonged to her
great-grandfather William Asa Straton, who was born in 1875. There is a chance
the gun belonged to his father, Jacob Straton who was in the Civil War on the
Union side from 1861 to 1864. Jacob was a prisoner of war but luckily came home.
Pope believes that he may have been the original owner of the gun and handed it
down to William.

The gun was then passed down to Pope's grandmother. William only had d aughters
so it went to the oldest daughter, M ay Elizabeth Straton. From there it went to
Pope's uncle. Her uncle fell onto hard times and wanted to sell the gun so
Pope's mother bought the gun from him for $700 and kept it in the family. The
gun since then was passed onto Pope.

"The gun has stayed in closets and hasn't been used," Pope said. "I don't know h
ow long it's been since it was actually used."

Her secon d item is a perfect fit for a Weiser resident. An old fiddle that has
been passed down is now in her possession. The fiddle was made in 1903 by an
Austrian, Frederich August Heberlein. Pope actually uses the fiddle now. She
began taking lessons at the age of 62 and takes great care of the fiddle that
brings her so much pleasure.

The fiddle's history is somewhat of a mystery in some ways. It is tied to her
grandfather, Fred Ingson from Norway. He traveled to New York by boat and became
a citizen in 1916. He eventually found himself in Oregon where he married the
daughter of William Asa Straton. William had died in the flu epidemic of 1918.
His daughter married Ingson in 1920. They met because she did his laundry. He
brought the fiddle into the marriage.

When the couple passed away Pope's mother received the fiddle. There were rumors
that Ingson had left a family behind in Norway, possibly a wife and children.
Records were destroyed so Pope has not been able to find any documentation of
such a rumor. What she does have is a fiddle. The fiddle had been played by
various family members over the years. It spent time on a shelf and in closets
as well. Pope even has the original case the fiddle came in but she rarely uses
it due to the condition.

"I have no idea to the worth of the items but I'm anxious to get appraisals,"
Pope said.

Regardless of the worth of the items they carry much more sentimental value and
might hold secrets of the family history. Pope said that she always thought a
black ribbon that was tied to the fiddle was in memory of the family that maybe
Ingson left behind. The bow became tattered and eventually Pope removed it but
perhaps a history on the fiddle could help recover some of the past.

Idaho will broadcast segments in three one hour episodes from the event between
January and May of 2014. Pope is an avid watcher of the show and couldn't be
more excited to be a part of it.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEI

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 Weiser Signal American

                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            July 18, 2013, Thursday

BLACK LILLIES GROW FROM THE PURPLE FIDDLE Knoxville-based Americana band loves
an audience that doesn't quit

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1D

LENGTH: 763 words


WANT TO GO?

'Mountain Stage'

With The Black Lillies, Over the Rhine, Vienna Teng, Susan Werner and Brandon
James

WHEN: 7 p.m. Sunday

WHERE: Culture Center Theater

TICKETS: Advance $15, at the door $25

INFO: 800-594-TIXX or visit www.mountainstage.org

People in bands are like anyone else. They have places they like to go.
Sometimes, it's some little hole in the wall in their hometown where everybody
knows them. It could be a famous bar like the 40-Watt Club in Athens, Ga., or
even that place where they got their first real break.

The Black Lillies, who perform on "Mountain Stage" Sunday, like The Purple
Fiddle in Thomas.

Well, "like" isn't the right word.

"We love that place," singer Cruz Contreras gushed. "We absolutely love it. The
Purple Fiddle is a special place for us. We've got a lot of friends there."

Contreras said Thomas is just a cool place.

"I'm a fan of small towns and rural places," he said. "I was born in a small
town in Michigan, and I've always been comfortable with that [rural life].

"And I love the outdoor stuff: the skiing, the hiking. They've got a
microbrewery."

Plus, the crowds at The Purple Fiddle are hard to beat.

"They get up and dance," he said. "You get two songs into the show, and the
crowd doesn't quit. They do not quit, and then I look at the clock and we've
been playing for four hours and they're screaming.

"These are people I can relate to."

Contreras said The Black Lillies have played the Purple Fiddle about 10 times,
and it was in Thomas, at the end of the band's last tour, where he put some of
the finishing touches on the group's third record, "Runaway Freeway Blues."

"Runaway Freeway Blues," he explained, is a sort of culmination of where the
band has come from, who it is and where it is now.

"Each record has its own unique story," Contreras said. "The first record you
make, you don't have any fans. Nobody knows who you are, and nobody cares. You
make that record for your own personal motivation."

For The Black Lillies, that first record was "Whiskey Angel," which kind of put
them on the map in the indie music/Americana world.

Recorded in Contreras' living room with the help of Sparkhorse's Scott Minor, it
was a very simple production, Contreras said.

"I think we just did it live with everybody in a circle around the mics."

The record got some notice, and so the band went out on the road. Touring and
living out on the road, Contreras said, is where a band finds out who's serious
about embracing the gypsy lifestyle of near constant travel and living on a bus.

"That kind of helps solidify the lineup," he said.

When the Lillies got to their second record, "100 Miles of Wreckage," they had
been through some changes. The Knoxville-based band added bassist Robert
Richards and vocalist Trisha Gene Bailey.

After briefly stopping to record that album, the band again went back out on the
road, which really set in motion the content for "Runaway Freeway Blues."

"I didn't set out to make a road record," Contreras said. "It was, here's this
group of songs, and once you record the record, you ask yourself, what is the
overall theme?

"It was a record made from the road. It was conceived on the road."

It was also mixed on the road, which Contreras said was something he never
wanted to do again.

"It worked out, but I'm tired of pushing our luck. It seems like we're always
pushing our luck."

Still, where it happened wasn't so bad. Contreras said toward the end of making
the record, he found himself in Thomas pouring over rough mixes sent to him over
his phone from Minor.

"We had conversations by texting and email."

It wasn't ideal, but they got it done, and Contreras said they were happy with
the results.

The singer said he dreamed of one day having a budget and just going into the
studio when they were ready to make a record, but he thinks they might be a long
way from that. Having cash in hand for something like that often involves
dealing with corporations and making compromises, which the Black Lillies aren't
ready to make.

They like being independent.

"We're very small scale," he said. "There are five people in the band. We have a
manager and a booking agent. Now we have a publicist, and that's a big step for
us.

"I think you just have to make the best record you can, put on the best show you
can, connect directly with your audience and try not to stress out about the
music business too much."

Courtesy photo

The Black Lillies play "Mountain Stage" on Sunday. The Americana quintet shares
the bill with Over the Rhine, Vienna Teng, Susan Werner and Brandon James.

Reach Bill Lynch at lynch@wvgazette.com or 304-348-5195.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers

                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 28, 2006, Sunday

Vandalia: No place like home

BYLINE: Veronica Nett, veronican@wvgazette.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 344 words


There are any number of festivals going on this weekend. But only one, says
Charleston native Shug Thomas, hits so close to home.

"I come for the whole weekend," he said. "I've been here since 10 this morning
and I'll probably stay until four, and I'll be back tomorrow."

In fact, the 52-year-old Thomas, who still lives in town, has been to every
Vandalia Gathering since the first in 1976.

Though he has become something of a festival veteran, attending ones from
Florida to Maine and across the Midwest to play music, he said he always looks
forward to Vandalia most.

It's a one-of-a-kind venue for hardcore to traditional bluegrass, mountain
music, Celtic and old-time with fiddles and banjos, he said.

Saturday's events included flat footing and old-time square dancing; old-time
fiddle contests for seniors, young people and those 60 and under; and a
bluegrass, banjo and mandolin contest.

Other features were Appalachian heritage dancing; a "Please Touch the
Instruments" workshop; a blues master's showcase with Nat Reese; and a screening
of the movie "Coal Camp Blues and Coalfield Struggles."

Among those competing in the 60-and-under fiddle contest was 21-year-old Calhoun
County prodigy Jake Krack.

Now a student at Berea College in Kentucky, Krack entered his first Vandalia
fiddle contest at 15 and has been back every year since.

"It's the only event in the state that features solely West Virginia venues," he
said.

Krack was accompanied by his mother, Dara, on the guitar, and he played a
week-old fiddle made by dad Reed.

Every Vandalia teaches him something new, Krack said.

"There are a lot of older fiddlers with different styles," he said. "You can
pick up on these different styles and add them to your own music, or combine it
with your own and create what you want."

Today's events include more Appalachian Heritage dancing, the old-time banjo and
flatpick guitar contests, concerts by Presby Pickers, Brandon Bentley, Rush Hour
and Roger Bryant, and the Liars Contest and Finale Concert.

To contact staff writer Veronica Nett, use e-mail or call 348-5100.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers

                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              April 2, 2006 Sunday
                                 Metro Edition

KIDS THRIVE ON OLD-TIME FIDDLING;
Many younger than 8 among musicians in regional competition at East Valley High
School;

BYLINE: Virginia de Leon Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 666 words


Tiny fingers flew up and down fiddle strings, filling the room with the twang of
bluegrass and toe-tapping tunes.

Some of the kids who competed in the "small fry" division of Saturday's fiddle
contest stood only waist-high to the adults that accompanied them on acoustic
guitar, but the music they played still made folks want to dance.

"What we've got here is a phenomenon," said Clair Lundin, 86 and one of the
oldest fiddlers in Spokane. "These kids are getting good instruction, and they
play extremely well."

"Fiddlin' ain't gonna die now," his twin brother and accompanist, Grant Lundin,
interjected. "We've got the future right here."

More than 100 fiddle players - most under the age of 18 - can be found at East
Valley High School this weekend for the 38th annual Northwest Regional Fiddle
Contest. Old-time fiddlers from eight states and three Canadian provinces are
here for this two-day contest showcasing the talent of musicians as young as 4
and some even older than the Lundin twins.

Standing on a stage in front of a wooden, old-fashioned backdrop, the youngest
fiddlers each had four minutes to play three selections - a hoedown, waltz and a
song of their choice.

Drew Miller, a 7-year-old from Otis Orchards, smiled as he sauntered up the
stage with his miniature fiddle. He didn't miss a beat during his performance of
"Bear Creek," "Georgie Anna Moon" and "Cotton Patch." In fact, he wasn't even
nervous, he later said.

His dad, Ed, however, didn't feel as confident when he took the stage to
accompany the boy. "I was a wreck," Ed Miller confessed, clutching his Gibson
guitar. "My knees are still shaking."

Father and son wore matching plaid shirts, dark blue jeans and hefty silver belt
buckles for their morning performance. Their outfits, however, along with all
the cowboy hats, frilly hair bows and other accessories that many kids wore,
were strictly for the audience made up mostly of parents, grandparents and other
relatives. The judges - five professional fiddlers from Montana, Kentucky,
Spokane and British Columbia - did their work in a nearby classroom, basing
their decisions solely on the quality of the music they heard through a large
speaker in the room.

Like other kids in the "small fry" division for those 8 and under, Drew was
drawn to fiddle music even before he started school. He saw someone playing on
TV when he was 4 and immediately begged his parents to get him a fiddle. Ed
Miller balked at first, but his wife, Kerri, found one on eBay. The boy started
taking lessons and was taking part in competitions within three months.

His little sister, Emilie, also plays. The 3-year-old took up the instrument
when she was only 18 months old. They usually practice for about a half-hour
each day, right before watching "The Simpsons" on TV.

Miller, a firefighter, soon became so immersed in the world of fiddling that he
decided to take on the responsibility of helping organize this year's fiddle
contest.

"It's a great creative outlet," said the proud dad. "Give kids an instrument -
any instrument - because music is so important."

Outside of Nashville or Austin, Texas, Eastern Washington and North Idaho are
among only a few areas in the country that can boast of having such a high
number of champion fiddlers, said Muriel Turner, of Davenport, whose four
daughters all play the instrument.

That success, parents say, is all due to Jay Dean Ludiker and other local
teachers who have ignited in their students a love affair with music.

"Fiddling's got a momentum that can't be stopped," said Grant Lundin, who also
played the instrument for many years. "The little kids now play better than the
old timers."

SIDEBAR:

MORE MUSIC TODAY

The 38th annual Northwest Regional Fiddle Contest continues today at East Valley
High School, 15711 E. Wellesley Ave. in Spokane Valley. The championship finals
start at 9 a.m. Admission is $8 for adults, $7 for students and seniors, and
free for children under 5. For more information, go to  www.nwregionals.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday

It's a Living: Professional Tulsa fiddler

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 616  words


When the music is classical, the performer is a violinist. When it's a matter of
fiddling with folk tunes that get people square dancing, he's Shelby Eicher.

"I grew up with my grandmother and five uncles who played for square dances, and
I got my first fiddle when I was 5," said Eicher, a professional fiddler and
Tulsa resident. "It was the beginning of a huge musical journey I've been on all
my life. "

Now Eicher almost seems to eat, drink, breathe and sleep fiddle. When he's not
teaching to students, he's playing with friends, judging the state Fiddle
Championship or running the education program at the National Fiddler Hall of
Fame - which he helped establish.

He grew up in northern Ohio and moved to Oklahoma in 1978 to attend
then-Claremore Junior College to further develop his musical skills at one of
two colleges in the country at the time that offered bluegrass instruction. Then
he moved to Nashville for exposure to country music and picked up a little Cajun
fiddling along the way when he was hired to perform at the Grand Ole Opry. And
as a member of Roy Clark's band for 15 years, Shelby recorded five albums with
the Hee Haw television star and appeared numerous times on The Tonight Show.

He ultimately came back to Oklahoma in a full circle of his instrument mastery:
Eicher has been developing a curriculum and will be teaching fiddle at the new
Tommy Allsup Guitar/Fiddle Camp at the Northeast Technology Center in Claremore.

"No matter what you do, it all comes down to who you know, and I've met a lot of
people over the years," Eicher said. "I've learned a lot from all of them. I
wouldn't be who I am today without those experiences. ... For example, Roy Clark
was just an incredible man and one heck of a musical artist. I'm glad I had a
chance to play with him. "

Eicher's career kept him on the road for much of his life, touring with
performance groups as the opportunities became available. But after several
years of marriage and watching his children approaching their teenage years,
staying closer to home became more attractive. Local guitar player Mark Bruner
suggested they start limiting themselves more often to Oklahoma venues -
restaurants, the occasional casino gig, and schools through the Arts &
Humanities Council in Weldon, for example.

"I've always been a big show sort of guy, and hadn't really thought about
sticking to a local market," Eicher said. "But being a professional musician in
that way worked out to be a great fit, obviously. We've been working together
for 15 years now. "

He now performs about 20 times per month at various venues and teaches fiddle,
mandolin and guitar to about 40 private students.

The problem in chatting with someone like Eicher isn't a dearth of interests and
experiences, but rather being able to focus on just a few. His favorite music or
performance, for example?

"I like it all, really. In my duos with Mark, we do so many things - one night
we could be strolling through a restaurant with dinner music, and then playing
Here Comes the Bride at a wedding reception the next morning. We might play pop
music, we might play Western swing, we might even toss in some bluegrass if
there's a request for that.

"When I have a night off, I'll call some friends to see if they want to play. My
kids play; my wife's a singer," he said. "Music is what I do. "

Unfortunately, something of his childhood has become lost in the process, Eicher
said.

"Square dances today just aren't the same as what I remember when I was little
boy in Ohio," he said. "Fiddling used to be primarily for dancing. Over the
years it's become more of a listening experience. So I don't get a chance to
play very often for square dances anymore. "

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              May 29, 2006 Monday
                                  City Edition

Katrina can't stop sound of fiddle music

BYLINE: MATTHEW HANSEN, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 483 words

DATELINE: BEATRICE, NE


An 11-year-old girl from New Orleans played at a contest Saturday.

BEATRICE - Makeda Marshall stepped to the microphone wanting to tell the crowd
at Homestead National Monument two things.

First, it's Makeda, with a "d."

The master of ceremonies had mispronounced it.

Secondly: "I live in Lincoln but I'm actually from New Orleans, Louisiana."

Then the 11-year old who lost her big backyard, her friends and her hometown
placed bow to fiddle and played a Cajun waltz for the other contestants and
spectators at the Monumental Fiddling and Acoustic Band Championships held near
Beatrice Saturday afternoon.

The Lincoln Eastridge Elementary School fifth-grader has taken fiddle lessons
for three months or so, likely making her the least experienced of the 30
competitors - Nebraskans, Kansans and Iowans, men and women, senior citizens and
a 6-year-old - vying for various fiddling titles at the day-long contest.

But few of the other fiddlers could boast a musical pedigree like Makeda's.

Her grandmother, Nancy Marshall, who watched from the fifth row and took Makeda
to Dairy Queen afterward, is a pianist and former piano teacher. Both her
parents played in a New Orleans steel drum band. Her 3-year-old kid sister
already can sing the trumpet lines of jazz tunes.

Fiddling isn't exactly mainstream music in the family's new Lincoln living room
- or anywhere else for that matter. The pioneers' preferred instrument fell out
of favor at some point after passengers on the Oregon Trail considered
themselves lucky to sit in a covered wagon with a fiddle player, says David
Seay, the event's co-founder.

You won't see many fiddlers on MTV - Seay says the violin is culture while the
fiddle is agriculture - but the hundred-odd people here swear by fiddling as a
fun alternative to the classic violin or the latest throwaway pop song.

Makeda took up fiddling after growing tired of the classical viola.

This was her first public fiddling performance, although she said she wasn't
nervous. She's stood in front of hundreds if not thousands of people at her
parents' New Orleans concerts. She got to meet the police chief, and Mayor Ray
Nagin, before the hurricane made them CNN mainstays.

As she took the stage, Makeda didn't say she missed the old family home's big
backyard on the city's western edge. She hasn't seen it, or New Orleans, in
nearly a year. The house still stands but is filled with mold, Nancy Marshall
says.

Makeda didn't mention the French Quarter shop where a family friend would give
her clothes for free, or the bustle of the Quarter on a steamy summer night or
her friends, who are scattered across the country. Some have disappeared.

She simply announced she was from New Orleans. And then she did what her parents
do on Friday night, when their reformed Executive Steel Band will give a free
concert at the Lied Center.

Makeda played.

Reach Matthew Hansen at 473-7245 or mhansen@journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. Eleven-year-old Makeda Marshall watches the other performers at the
Monumental Fiddling Championship at Homestead National Monument in Beatrice on
Saturday. 2. Makeda Marshall competes in the junior division of the Monumental
Fiddling Championship at Beatrice. Photos by DIOR AZCUY/Lincoln Journal Star

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved

                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             March 18, 2012 Sunday

The love of the music lures fiddlers, listeners to Oroville for competition

BYLINE: By ROBIN EPLEY - Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 453 words


OROVILLE -- It's difficult to explain the love fiddle players have for the
music.

There's something in the soft lilt of a waltz or the jump of a jig that calls to
them, and this weekend, the lure of the music called them to Oroville during the
46th annual state championships.

The California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championships started in
1966, and the event is hosted in Oroville because it's in District 1, where the
state's fiddlers' association began. Players range from all ages, and the
fiddles are sized accordingly, with the smallest "Pee-Wee" contestants bowing on
an instrument about as big as their head. Guitar pickers and banjo players also
compete, sometimes along with each other as accompanists during the competition,
and sometimes on their own.

Organization president Wayne Agnew said he remembers listening to fiddle music
on the radio when he was a small boy in Oklahoma.

"(My family would) work all week in the fields from sun up to sundown and then
it came to the weekend and they wanted to party," he said. "The older
generation, that's how we all got started."

Agnew said fiddle music is learned by ear and played from the heart. "It's an
interpretation," he said. "'I heard that song and I think it goes like this.'
That's fiddle music. The first fiddler didn't do it from sheet music."

That's the rule for the championships, too: no sheet music. Contestants play
three tunes, judged by a panel that cannot see the players, only hear them in a
back room where the music is piped in.

"You listen for mistakes, speed," said Agnew, a one-time judge. "What's the
feel? Can you make the tune your own?"

In the parking lot, fiddlers, banjo players and other accompanists jam, weaving
through music without so much as a word to one another, like a spontaneous
dance. People gather around and clap enthusiastically when a song is over.

Agnew said many of the spectators are of a certain age, remembering earlier
times when fiddle music was more popular. He said he remembers listening to the
Grand Ol' Opry every Saturday night on the radio.

"It takes them back to an earlier, better time in their life. They remember
their childhood, aunts and uncles, the radio," he said. "We had no water, no
electric, no gas, but we had the radio."

Still, not everyone is of an older generation. A judge this year was only 19
years old, and Pee-Wee (under 8 years old), Junior-Junior (9-12) and Junior
(13-17) are well-attended divisions.

Brendan McDonough has four children who competed this weekend: Julianne, 17;
Francis, 14; Elizabeth, 10; and Monica, 7. All four play the fiddle.

"It gives them a sense of accomplishment," McDonough said. "And in the end, they
grow up to, hopefully, have better character."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Clara Boyle competes in the Pee-Wee preliminaries during the 46th
annual California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championships in
Oroville on Saturday.(Jason Halley/Staff Photo) All Chico E-R photos are
available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 11, 2007 Tuesday

Fiddling around in Berkeley

BYLINE: By Jennifer Modenessi TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: MY TOWN; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local; Entertainment; Music

LENGTH: 740 words


It might be thousands of miles away from the Blue Ridge Mountains, but beginning
Thursday, Berkeley's going to sound a lot like the heart of Appalachia.

Dozens of local and visiting performers and their fans will descend on venues
throughout the city for the fifth annual Berkeley Old Time Music Convention, a
free-wheeling celebration of early American music.

For Brendan Doyle, a clawhammer banjo player who specializes in the songs of
Southern Appalachia and the Ozarks, that's music to the ears.

"It's a big healthy dose of good friends and good music," says the Oakland
resident who, along with his wife and banjo partner Maxine Gerber, has attended
the convention as a spectator, performer and string band contestant for the past
couple of years.

"It's an excuse to get together with a lot of my friends and play some music,"
Doyle says. "The concerts are great and you get to hear a good dose of string
band music of one kind or another all in a short weekend."

Spread across four days, the convention includes three multiple-band concerts
and a panel discussion with 25-year-old North Carolina ballad singer Donna Ray
Norton, 86-year-old Alabama fiddler Lee Strippling and North Carolina fiddler
Rich Hartness. There are also workshops, a square dance and cabaret. But
Saturday's string band contest is the highlight, hands down. Where else can you
watch banjo- and fiddle-wielding contestants from all over the West Coast vie
for Berkeley farmers market produce?

"That really was the starting event of this whole convention," Doyle says with a
chuckle. But its roots extend further than the string band contest Berkeley
musician Suzy Thompson organized in 2003.

"(Kirk Lumpkin of the Ecology Center) asked if I could put on a bluegrass
festival for the farmers market," Thompson recalls. "The budget really wasn't
big enough (to do that) but it seemed like we should be able to do something
that would be really fun."

That something was the revival of the banjo and fiddle contest that had been
held annually beginning in the late 1960s in what is now Civic Center Park.

"There was a big old-time music scene in Berkeley centered around the
neighborhood it's actually centered around now," Thompson says. "Some of the
folks who were involved in that, including my husband (Eric Thompson), decided
it would be fun to have a fiddle and banjo contest. So they went down to City
Hall to get a permit so they could have it in Provo Park."

Sponsored by "Nobody," which is the name that appeared on the initial permit,
the contest had an irreverent and maverick spirit from the get-go.

"They had judges and the judges were bribed," Thompson says, relating the
stories passed down to her. "They had bottles of whiskey and people fell off
their chairs drunk. I think one year the prizes were homemade pies. But the ones
I remember hearing about -- and I hope I get this right -- were first prize: one
pound of rutabagas; second prize: five pounds of rutabagas. You get the idea."

The only rule was no electric instruments. One band consisting of fiddle,
harmonica and bass drum performed "Bonaparte's Retreat." Another was accompanied
by belly dancers.

"They were wide-open musically," Thompson explains. "That's actually a
characteristic of the Bay Area music scene that I think is one thing that's
different about here than a lot of other places. There's a lot of
cross-fertilization that takes place."

Today the contest is just as loose and eclectic as it was before. The 20
contestants need have only two members minimum and a banjo or fiddle to qualify.
In addition to performing pre-World War II Southern American hillbilly music and
blues, there's early Californian, Spanish, Mexican, swing, Greek and klezmer
music.

"Last year somebody played some Balkan music," Thompson recalls. "That just
makes it more fun, interesting and varied and keeps it from getting uptight."

With bands such as Heirloom Tomatoes, Itchy Mountain Men and the Backyard Party
Boys already registered for the contest, this year's convention is guaranteed to
be anything but square.

Which is just the way these Old Timers like it.

Reach Jennifer Modenessi at 925-977-8483 or jmodenessi@bayareanewsgroup.com .

Preview


     ·    WHAT: Berkeley Old Time Music Convention, featuring concerts, panel
          discussion, square dance, string band contest and cabaret



     ·    WHEN: Sept. 13-16



     ·    WHERE: See Web site for venues and schedule.



     ·    HOW MUCH: Events are free to $20.


CONTACT: http://www.berkeleyoldtimemusic.org .

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Suzy Thompson (left) plays fiddle during a jam session with friends,
Amy Hofer, Larry Hanks, Dan Kluger and her husband Eric (right) at their home on
Sunday September 9, 2007 in Berkeley, California.
Suzy Thompson plays fiddle during a jam session with friends at her home on
Sunday September 9, 2007 in Berkeley, California. Thompson is one of the
organizers of the Old Time Music Convention taking place in Berkeley September
13-16.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Pennsylvania: Westminster College to Host Scottish Fiddling Camp

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Westminster College, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following News
release:

Westminster College will host The Strathgheny School of Scottish Fiddling, a
week-long fiddling camp, June 21 - 27. Registration is open to the public.

The camp is designed for high school students and adults, with a primary focus
on authentic performance of traditional Scottish fiddle music. Dr. Melinda
Crawford Perttu, Westminster College professor of Music, U.S. National Scottish
Fiddling Champion, and Scottish F.I.R.E. sanctioned judge, is coordinating the
camp.

"Despite its very English name, Westminster College is going decidedly Scottish
this summer," shares Dr. Crawford Perttu. "We've heard bagpipes at important
events like graduation, but we're enthusiastic about introducing the Scottish
fiddle to campus."

Throughout the week, discussion will focus around bowing techniques,
ornamentation, interpretation, and rhythmic nuance. Additional instruction will
include accompanying, Scottish fiddle pedagogy, Scottish history, Ceilidh
(traditional party) dancing, and use of the Scottish fiddle within the context
of a performing group. Private lessons with fiddle instructors will be included,
as well as evening activities, and an instructor's concert.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Skagit Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 8, 2010 Thursday

Get ready for the Skagit Valley Highland Games

BYLINE: Bev Crichfield, Skagit Valley Herald, Mount Vernon, Wash.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 597 words


July 08--Grab your bagpipes, don your kilt and get ready for one of the biggest
celebrations of Scottish culture in the Pacific Northwest during the 16th annual
Skagit Valley Highland Games and Celtic Festival.

This year's event, which will run Saturday and Sunday, July 10-11, at Mount
Vernon's scenic Edgewater Park fronting the Skagit River, includes all the
favorite activities that have defined the games through the years -- a lively
display of Highland dancing; hundreds of bagpipers and drummers from across the
U.S. and Canada; exciting competitions; a display of animals and food; and, of
course, a variety of Celtic music.

2010 Skagit Valley Highland Games

Edgewater Park, Mount Vernon

(Times are approximate)

FRIDAY, JULY 9

7 p.m.: Free concert with the Tannahill Weavers, outdoor stage

SATURDAY, JULY 10

9-10:30 a.m.: Highland dancing, prepremier events

9 a.m.-2 p.m.: Solo piping and drumming competition

10 a.m.-noon: Northwest Regional Scottish Fiddling Championship, fiddle tent

10-11 a.m.: Scottish country dancing

10:30 a.m.-3 p.m.: Northern United States Open Highland Dancing Championship

11-11:45 a.m.: Scottish country dancing

Noon-12:30: Opening ceremonies, main stage -- Parade of Clans anthems and lament

12:30-2 p.m.: Folk music, Molly's Revenge, main stage

1-1:45 p.m.: Scottish country dancing

1-2:45 p.m.: Harpers circle

2-3 p.m.: Scottish country dancing

2-4 p.m.: Celtic fiddle session, fiddle stage

2-6 p.m.: Sheep dog trials

2:30-5 p.m.: Pipe band competition, main stage

3-4 p.m.: Sheep to shawl demonstration, culture tent

3-5 p.m.: Highland dancing choreography competition

3-3:45 p.m.: Scottish country dancing

5-5:15 p.m.: Massed bands

5:30-6:30 p.m.: Celtic Legends concert, Molly's Revenge, main stage

SUNDAY, JULY 11

9-10 a.m.: Beginning Scottish fiddle workshop with Ward Beebe, fiddle stage

9 a.m.-5 p.m.: Highland dancing competition

10 a.m.-noon: Music workshops, featuring Molly's Revenge band members, fiddle
tent

10 a.m.-6 p.m.: Sheep dog trials

10-11 a.m.: Scottish country dancers

12:30-1 p.m.: Opening ceremonies, main stage -- Parade of Clans anthems and
laments

1-1:30 p.m.: Scottish Drum Corp competition, main stage

1-1:45 p.m.: Scottish country dancing

1-2 p.m.: Northwest Regional Harp Competition

2-3 p.m.: Molly's Revenge, Celtic folk music

2-3 p.m.: Harper circle

2-3 p.m.: Scottish country dancing

2-4 p.m.: Celtic fiddle session, fiddle stage

3-4:30 p.m.: Washington State Grade IV and Grade III Pipe Band Championships

3-4 p.m.: Sheep to shawl demonstration, culture tent

4:30-4:45 p.m.: Massed bands

These events continue all day both days:

--Scottish Culture Tent (explanation and demonstrations of Celtic music, dance
and culture)

--Traditional Scottish athletic events

--Children's events (presented by the Children's Museum of Skagit County)

--Food fair

--Beer garden

--Scottish clan booths

--Arts and crafts vendors

--Celtic animal farm

--Whiskys of the World Tent

--Read more about the Skagit Valley Highland Games and Celtic Festival in the
360 entertainment section of Thursday's Skagit Valley Herald.

Read more local news in the Skagit Valley Herald and the Anacortes American, or
read it online in the

To see more of the Skagit Valley Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.goskagit.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Skagit Valley Herald, Mount Vernon,
Wash. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100708-UV-Get-ready-for-the-Skagit-Valley-Highland-Games-20100708

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UV


                      Copyright 2010 Skagit Valley Herald

                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 16, 2010, Wednesday

Vandalia Gathering contest winners announced Hurricane teen takes top prize in
banjo competition

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P1

LENGTH: 650 words


West Virginia's champion old-time fiddle, bluegrass banjo and mandolin players
competed on May 29, and old-time banjo, lap dulcimer and flat pick guitar
players as well as the best liars on May 30, during the West Virginia Division
of Culture and History's 34th annual Vandalia Gathering. A new competition,
homemade pound cake, biscuits and jams/preserves also was held.

The winners were:

Youth Old-Time Fiddle (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) - Ray Cossin, Mt. Alto

2nd place ($50) - Emily Rhodes, Nitro

3rd place ($25) - Nate Schoettker, Tornado

Old-Time Fiddle (age 59 and under)

1st place ($400) - John Cochran, Elkins

2nd place ($250) - Darrell Murray, Charleston

3rd place ($150) - Ben Townsend, Martinsburg

4th place ($75) - Ray Cossin, Mt. Alto

5th place ($50) - Rebecca McClung, Parkersburg

Senior Old-Time Fiddle (age 60 and over)

1st place ($400) - Gerald Milnes, Elkins

2nd place ($250) - Lester McCumbers, Nicut

3rd place ($150) - John Morris, Ivydale

4th place ($75) - Elmer Rich, Morgantown

5th place ($50) - Jim Mullins, St. Albans

Mandolin (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Luke Shamblin, Elkview

2nd place ($250) - Brandon Shuping, Williamson

3rd place ($150) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

4th place ($75) - Joshua Brown, Summersville

5th place ($50) - David Asti, Morgantown

Banjo (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Andrew Kidd, Hurricane

2nd place ($250) - Logan Browning, Summersville

3rd place ($150) - Blaine Johnson, Beaver

4th place ($75) - Jim Gabehart, Hamlin

5th place ($50) - David Asti, Morgantown

Pound Cake (all ages)

1st place ($75) - Shonnette Koontz, South Charleston

2nd place ($50) - Mary Casto, Buffalo

3rd place ($25) - Lynda Middleton, Elkview

Youth Pound Cake (15 and under)

(No award presented)

Homemade Biscuits (all ages)

1st place ($75) - Judy Grigoraci, Charleston

2nd place ($50) - Lydia Hager, Kenna

3rd place ($25) - Valerie Burgraf, Elkview

Youth (age 15 and under, $25) - Lydia Hager, Kenna

Jams/Preserves (all ages)

1st place ($75) - Ella Hoffman, South Charleston

2nd place ($50) - Carmen Wilson, East Lynn

3rd place ($25) - Wyatt Chapman, Charleston

Youth (age 15 and under, $25) - Wyatt Chapman, Charleston

Youth Lap Dulcimer (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) - Will Manahan, Elkview

2nd place ($50) - Makayla Straughter, Charleston

3rd place ($25) - Glen Smakula, Montrose

Lap Dulcimer (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Hunter Walker, Beckley

2nd place ($250) - Will Manahan, Elkview

3rd place ($150) - Alan Freeman, Renick

4th place ($75) - Bob Smakula, Elkins

5th place ($50) - Emily Pritchard, Beckley

Old-Time Banjo (59 and under)

1st place ($400) - Tim Bing, Huntington

2nd place ($250) - David O'Dell, Glenville

3rd place ($150) - Bob Smakula, Elkins

4th place ($75) - Chad Ashworth, Nitro

5th place ($50) - Dennis Ott, Ronceverte

Senior Old-Time Banjo (age 60 and over)

1st place ($400) - Gerald Milnes, Elkins

2nd place ($250) - John Morris, Ivydale

3rd place ($150) - Ken Sheller, Elkins

4th place ($75) - Steve Harrison, St. Albans

5th place ($50) - Ted Samples, Harrisville

Youth Flat Pick Guitar (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) - Logan Jones, Charleston

2nd place ($50) - Jonathan Digiulian, Mt. Hope

3rd place ($25) - Zack Myers, Charleston

Flat Pick Guitar (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Adam Hager, Kenna

2nd place ($250) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

3rd place ($150) - Logan Jones, Charleston

4th place ($75) - Swanagan Ray, Ripley

5th place ($50) - Richard Adkins, Cross Lanes

Biggest Liar - (1st place, $100, and Goldenseal magazine's Golden Shovel Award)
Conner Sorrells, Charleston

Bigger Liar - (2nd place, $75) - Adam Booth, Shepherdstown

Big Liar - (3rd place, $50) - John Smith, Meadow Creek

Youth (age 15 and under, $25) - Noah Lepp, Charleston

The annual Vandalia Gathering is a free celebration of the traditional arts,
music, dance, stories, crafts and foods of West Virginia. The Culture Center and
State Capitol Complex grounds play host to this expanding family-style gathering
each year on Memorial Day weekend.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers

                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 23, 2015 Sunday

Winners of 2015 Minnesota State Old Time Fiddle Championship announced

BYLINE: Tina Gajda, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 358 words


Aug. 23--The 34th annual Minnesota State Old Time Fiddle Championships were held
Aug. 1 in Merritt Elementary School Auditorium in Mountain Iron.

The preliminary round was held at 1 p.m. and all contestants performed a waltz
and a hoedown. The final round was made up of the top four scorers in all five
age divisions from the preliminary round, with the top five scorers regardless
of age making up the Championship division.

For the final round each contestant performed a waltz, a hoedown and a tune of
choice. In addition, attendees heard from each of the three judges at both
shows. This year's judges were Gilmore Lee of Maple Plain, Minn., Gloria
Schoening of Milaca, Minn., and John Wallace of MInnetonka, Minn. Guitar
accompanist was Sara Alexander of Virginia.

Volunteers included ­Holly Weir; Sheila Wilcox; Erik Honkanen; Mary Peterson;

Linda Weir; Laura Weir; Diane and Chuck Bainter; Susan, Andy and Joe Lindmeier;
and Jody

and Sandy Phillipich.

Cash and trophies were presented to the the following winners:

Championship Division: first place, Shelby Huston­, Minot, N.D.; second place,
Claire Sayers, ­Duluth; third place, Lelsey Erickson, ­Menomonie, Wis.; fourth
place, Eva Seabrook, ­Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada; fifth place, Jesse
Durocher­, Cohasset.

Junior ­Junior Division: first place, Alec Ratz, ­Slate River, Ontario; second
place, Tessa Hubbard, ­Alma, Wis.; third place, Andrew Wilcox, ­Mountain Iron;
fourth place, Gabrielle Koepke­, Eveleth.

Junior Division: first place, Ruth Conry, ­Duluth; second place, Marcus Conry,
­Duluth; third place, Madelin Beckwith, ­Otsego, Minn.; fourth place, Riley
Krenz, ­Gilbert.

Intermediate Division: first place, Sara Alexander­, Virginia.

Senior Division: first place, Ralph Isaacson­, Iron.

Senior ­Senior Division: first place, Lee Cowan, ­Oak Grove.

Twin Fiddle Division: first place, Tessa Hubbard and Abby Gustum; second place,
Ralph Isaacson, and Sara Alexander.

Non-­Fiddle Division: first place, Lauren Maki, ­Buhl.

___ (c)2015 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150823-DU-Winners-of-2015-Minnesota-State-Old-Time-Fiddle
-Championship-announced-0823-20150823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2015 Duluth News-Tribune

                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    December 27, 1987, Sunday, City Edition

1900 Liberty Bell glass bank rings up good price

BYLINE: DAN D'IMPERIO

SECTION: AT HOME; FLEA MARKET FINDS; Pg. 4H

LENGTH: 690 words



Question: What is the worth of my Liberty Bell candy container? -    Grace,
Inverness, Fla.        Answer: Figural glass candy containers have been
capturing the    public's fancy since the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition of
1876.

 They generally held tiny pellets of candy. When the contents were    devoured,
these containers functioned as toys. While clear glass    versions abound, milk
glass varieties fall into the scarce category.

 Most early types were painted, but by the 1920s pressed designs    appeared. As
for the subject matter, it was quite diversified. From    airplanes to
telephones, candy containers whet the appetite of    collectors. Value guide:
Liberty Bell, glass, 3 3/4 inches tall, 1900,    $ 50.

 Fiddle-back popular

   Question: Is my fiddle-back Boston rocker a sought-after item? -    D.P.,
Superior, Wis.        Answer: The trusty Boston Rocker was a mild sensation of
the    mid-1800s. Its popularity prompted the introduction of the fiddle-back
Boston, having a fiddle shaped or vase-shaped splat. A lyre shaped    splat can
be found on some of the rockers. Sometimes the decorating was    confined to the
headpiece, although on other examples it extended to    the splat. Chairmakers
in New England and the Mid-West fiddled away the    hours crafting these coveted
chairs. Value guide: maple, landscape    scene, original finish, 1850s, $ 350.

 Heady prices for hats

   Question: Can you assist me in evaluating a small collection of old    hats
I've acquired over the years? - Mrs. C.K., Pittsburg, Pa.        Answer: From
pioneer bonnets to Hattie Carnegie originals, hats are    fetching heady
returns. Value guide: cloche, navy, 1920s, $ 15; Derby,    black, 1915, $ 35;
lady's, straw, brown, textured, 1890s, $ 38; man's    Homburg, brown, $ 30;
military, boy's, 1910, $ 15; riding hat, lady's,    straw, 1850s, $ 55; top hat,
folds flat, 1890s, $ 55; velvet, black,    narrow brim, 1900, $ 35; western
style, pioneer bonnet, cotton, brown,    1870s, $ 45.

 Cartoon books sought

   Question: When were cartoon books in vogue in America? - Ernest,    Union
City, Calif.        Answer: Books of cartoons were widely read in the early
decades of    the 1900s. Forerunners of the modern day comic book, they were
reprints    of current newspaper comic strips. Having a varying number of pages,

    they appeared in various sizes. They were typically bound with    cardboard
covers. Quite often they were given away as premium items by    newspapers.
Cupples & Leon was one of the foremost makers of these    juvenile favorites. As
might be expected, Mutt & Jeff, Blondie, Little    Orphan Annie and Bringing Up
Father were among the best-selling titles.

 Value guide: Toonerville Trolley, early 1920s, $ 65.

 National Cash Register, crank type, #441 $ 450

 Circus program, Ringling Brothers, 1913, good condition 40

 Dedham pottery creamer, rabbit 145

 Red Cross Nurse cloth doll, uniform, 15-inches-tall, 1905 150

 Flue cover, Victorian children, nine inch diameter 35

 Our gang puzzle, McKesson Drugs, early 1930s, complete 70

 Kate Greenaway book, Little Ann, illustrated 80

 Carnival glass hatpin holder, Orange Tree design, blue 190

 Goodell apple peeler, pat, 1849 55

 Lenox cup and saucer, Forever pattern 35

   Current listed prices are recorded from antique shows, sales, flea    markets
and auctions throughout the United States. These prices may    vary in different
locations because of the economy.

 Dan D'Imperio welcomes questions about antiques and collectibles and    will
answer as many as possible in this column. Volume of mail    precludes personal
reply, and photos cannot be returned. Write to him,    c/o the St. Petersburg
Times, P.O. Box 99126, Seattle, Wash. 98199.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company

                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

Pride a timeless everyman

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 1519 words


Charley Pride, among the most respected and beloved country stars of the past
half century, brings his Live In Concert 2013: Still Country's Hottest Ticket to
Casino New Brunswick in Moncton, tonight at 7:30 p.m., with the Long Tall Texan,
Bobby Wright, as his opening act.

The son of the late Queen of Country Music, Kitty Wells and her royal consort
Johnny Wright, Bobby is not only a celebrated star of stage, radio and
recordings, but a television celebrity, having been an actor on the regular cast
of ABC-TV's McHale's Navy for all of it's four-year run. After that he was a
frequent guest on many television shows and also performed with his parents on
concert tours and their regular Grand Ole Opry television segments. He was a
star of the Louisiana Hayrides at eight and signed a recording contract with
Decca at 11 years old.

Talking to Charley's tour manager, Brian Edwards, by phone last Friday, he was
fervent in his praise of Wright and the nostalgic opening act he's doing, a
tribute to his parents and the important part they played in country music
history. "It's a really moving experience," he said. "There were tears in many
eyes last night in Saskatoon."

And Charley: what a page he has written in that same history book! Born to poor
sharecropper parents in Sledge, Miss., as one of eleven children, Pride is a
timeless everyman, revered by many musical peers and adored by countless
millions of fans. His golden baritone voice has transcended race and spanned
generations.

Charley unofficially began his music career while playing for the Negro American
League's Memphis Red Sox baseball team in the late 1950s by singing on team
buses between ballparks, and playing a guitar he'd bought at the age of 14. He
would join various bands on stage in towns as the team travelled. After a
try-out with the New York Mets in 1965, Charley visited Nashville, was heard by
a promoter Jack Jackson and signed by RCA. Shortly after that the first of his
36 number one hits - among them "Crystal Chandeliers" and "Kiss An Angel Good
Morning" - "Snakes Crawl At Night" was climbing the charts. For tickets call
1-866-943-8849 or reserve online at casinonb.ca

SUPER FIDDLE SHOW

This year's 25th Annual Super Fiddle Show takes place at the Riverview Arts
Centre (inside Riverview High School), 400 Whitepine Rd., this Saturday at 7:30
p.m.

Five of this year's special guest performers are living proof that fiddling is
alive and well in New Brunswick.

The greatest honour a Canadian fiddler can be accorded is an invitation to
compete in the prestigious Canadian Grand Masters Fiddling Championships and
this year, in our small province, four young fiddlers have received invitations.
They are Jaylee Hebert, Amelie de Arcos and sisters Christine and Janelle
Melanson.

And a fifth, Martha Pitre, has been invited to perform on the Grand Masters
Junior Showcase. The event this year, for the first time, takes place outside of
Ontario in Saskatoon, Sask. At the 25th Super Fiddle Show, the audience will
have a taste of what these five talented young women will perform at the Grand
Masters. And their teacher, Stacey Read, a much honoured New Brunswick fiddle
star, will perform with them at the Super Fiddle Show Saturday.

Also joining them will be Ivan and Vivian Hicks and the Sussex Avenue Fiddlers,
a part of this show since the Super Fiddle Show began in 1989. Now celebrating
their 35th Anniversary, the Sussex Avenue Fiddlers, which numbered only five
when formed in 1978, are today over 40 strong, aged from 12 to more than 90.
They are releasing a second fiddle tune book and CD of their own compositions
this year.

Other distinguished guests on the show will include: Troy MacGillvray, a Nova
Scotia fiddler, pianist and step dancer grandson of Hugh A. MacDonald, the Polka
King, who has won many prestigious awards for his instrumental and dancing
skills; Jake Charron from Barrie, Ont, one of Canada's finest fiddle
accompanists and Kevin Arthur, an outstanding young vocalist from P.E.I., who
plays several instruments including guitar, mandolin and banjo.

Advance reserved seat tickets are only $17 at Frank's Music, Moncton; Sobeys
Tobacco Shop and Jean Coutu in Riverview; from Ivan Hicks 386-2996 or online:
RiverviewArtsCentre.com or at the door. Proceeds go to he Riverview Arts Centre
Safe Grad.

SUPER FIDDLE SHOW BUS

Checking with Tranquility Tours of St. Stephen last weekend, there were still a
few seats left on their Luxury Bus Tour Package to Riverview and the Super
Fiddle Show on Saturday. What a gift this Mother's Day Weekend for a mother who
loves fiddle music! No driving, no worries, just relax, enjoy pleasant
conversations with other passengers picked up on Highway One from St. Stephen to
Moncton. With a lunch stop, she arrives at Moncton's Future Inns by early
afternoon and will have time for a nap or shopping. Then a sumptuous group
dinner and off across the Petitcodiac to Riverview and the 25th Anniversary
Super Fiddle Show. On Mother's Day, Sunday, she'll enjoy breakfast at the Inn,
then board the bus for the journey back. To discuss prices and details call
Tranquility Tours 1-855-466-4404 or email: tranquilitytours@hotmail.ca

JONES CREEK JAMBOREE FRIDAY

The very enjoyable Annual Jones Creek Country Jamboree takes place Friday, 7
p.m. at the Royal Canadian Legion Branch 87, Jones Creek. This year it features
performances by such leading New Brunswick entertainers as Tammy and Gary
Morris, Hazel Marie Robertson, Bob Johnson, Jack McAffee, Reg Gallant, Allison
Inch, Gerry Cormier and the Living Water trio. This event is sponsored by the
Wesley United Church Committee of Stewards.

HAMPTON CONCERT/DANCE FRIDAY

There is a special event, a Mother's Day Weekend Concert/Dance, Friday, 8 p.m.,
at the Royal Canadian Legion, Branch 28, Hampton. Music for your dancing and
listening pleasure will be played by Big John T-Bone Little and his 7-Piece
Orchestra, a coalition of some of New Brunswick's most popular musicians: Carol
Perry, vocals; Tom Noel, mandolin, vocals: Francis Goguen, steel; Greg Marks,
sax; Steve Norman, bass; Nick Hooper, drums and Debbie MacMillan, fiddle. The
music is a mix of classic country, blues, jazz, pop and a little rock 'n' roll.
Tickets are available by phoning 832-7979 or at the door.

PORT CITY JAMBOREE SATURDAY

Reg Gallant's Port City Jamboree, Saturday, 7 p.m. at the Community Centre,
Lorneville, features three great vocalists: Angela Curran, Tom Mason, Randy
Russell and four New Brunswick Country Music Hall of Famers: Herb Isbill, Derek
Knowles, Allison Inch and host and MC Reg Gallant, who plays lead guitar with
the house band and sings. Others in that distinguished band are Sam Aucoin,
steel; Eddie Bertin, bass; C.J. Gallant, guitar, vocals; Alden Simmons,
keyboard, vocals and Tim Wallace, drums. Advance tickets are $10 at Kennebecasis
Drugs (Rothesay); Grand Bay Pharmacy, Lorneville Convenience and Beats &Bytes
(Saint John). They are $12 at the door.

KV COFFEE HOUSE SATURDAY

There is a KV Coffeehouse, Saturday, 7 p.m., at the Quispamsis Civic Centre
(above the Fire Hall). It features entertainment by many leading area singers
and musicians. And you're invited to come, perform or just listen. It's a
wheelchair-friendly venue with an elevator. Admission is a donation of
non-perishable food or cash for the KV Food Bank. Also needed are gifts of
treats to sell at the canteen, volunteer helpers and entertainers. For more
details phone Desa, 847-2917.

SUSSEX FUNDRAISER SATURDAY

The annual Kiwanis Nursing Home Country Music Fundraiser, Saturday, 7 p.m., at
Sussex Regional High features Bob Burgess &Friends. Chris Bell is host and emcee
and several exciting acts are set to perform: Claudette Norman, Terry Gale
&grandson Ethan, Herb Isbill, Vance McNeil, Justin Bannister, Micah MacLennan,
Colleen Bannister and Carmen McAllister. The house band is Bob Burgess, Mike
Hanlon, Scott Medford, Moe Fleming, Steve Sears and Winston Crawford. Tickets
are $10 for advance assigned seating at Backstage Music (433-2122) or Kiwanis
Nursing Home, 11 Bryant Dr., Sussex, (432-3104) or online:
kiwanisnursinghome.com. Tickets are $12 at the door.

SAINT JOHN CHORALE MONDAY

The Saint John Chorale is pleased to offer their Dessert Musicale, Monday, May
13, at the Portland United Church. This year's music and theme, "Love Changes
Everything," celebrates the loves of our lives. A truly enjoyable evening is
promised and desserts - just like Mom used to make - will be served. There will
be a silent auction. Tickets are $15 from any chorale member or at the door.

FRAN DOYLE WEEKEND

Dublin born folk singer musician Fran Doyle is back from the American south
where he habitually plays during our winter months. Friday he plays Callahan's
Sports Bar, 2 Princess St., Saint John, from 5 to 9 p.m., and Saturday, the
Maple Avenue RestoBar, Sussex, from 9 p.m. to midnight.

RANDY'S CDS IN ST. STEPHEN

Randy Vail's CD, albums and singles are now available at the St. Croix Grocery
Market, 58 King St. in St. Stephen.

Gerry Taylor cgtaylor@nbnet.nb.ca has covered folk and country music for over 35
years. He can also be reached at 847-8754.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2013 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 18, 2008 Thursday

Lyons Fiddle Fest celebrating 25 years

BYLINE: Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 296 words


Sep. 18--The 25th anniversary Lyons Fiddle Festival is scheduled for Sunday from
10 a.m. to 6 p.m. at Lyons Community Park, 15 Park Ave., Lyons, off
Fleetwood/Topton Road.

For the first time ever, the festival will feature a professional performance
when Grand Ole Opry star Jesse McReynolds & The Virginia Boys appear from 1 to 2
p.m. (For more on McReynolds, see Page 19.)

Also scheduled to perform are the Martin Family at 11 a.m., East Side Dave at
noon and Jack Murray at 4 p.m. There will be an open stage from 10 to 11 a.m., a
fi ddle contest from 2 to 4 p.m. and awards at 5 p.m. A bluegrass church service
will follow the awards ceremony.

The festival is also famous for the dozens of jammers who turn out with their
guitars, basses, fiddles, washboards, spoons and dulcimers to perform at
impromptu jam sessions throughout the park.

Admission to the festival is $1. Spectators are encouraged to bring lawn chairs
and blankets. Home-made foods including kettle soups and a pig roast will be
offered for sale.

Limited free parking is available behind borough hall, with additional parking
by donation offered at the Lyons Fire Company and overflow parking available at
the East Penn Manufacturing office lot and Hope Lutheran Church.

Rain date is Sept. 28.

For more information call 610-682-7267 in advance or 610-463-4162 day of show,
or visit the Web site www.lyonsfi ddlefest.com.

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080918-RE-Lyons-Fiddle-Fest-celebrating-25-years-0918

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2008 Reading Eagle

                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              June 6, 2010, Sunday

Vandalia Gathering

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P2F

LENGTH: 433 words


List of contest winners

West Virginia's champion old-time fiddle, bluegrass banjo and mandolin players
competed May 29, and old-time banjo, lap dulcimer and flat-pick guitar players
as well as the best liars on May 30, during the West Virginia Division of
Culture and History's 34th annual Vandalia Gathering.

The winners are:

Old-time fiddle (age 59 and under)

1st ($400) - John Cochran, Elkins

2nd ($250) - Darrell Murray, Charleston

3rd ($150) - Ben Townsend, Martinsburg

4th ($75) - Ray Cossin, Mount Alto

5th ($50) - Rebecca McClung, Parkersburg

Senior old-time fiddle (age 60 and over)

1st ($400) - Gerald Milnes, Elkins

2nd ($250) - Lester McCumbers, Nicut

3rd ($150) - John Morris, Ivydale

4th ($75) - Elmer Rich, Morgantown

5th ($50) - Jim Mullins, St. Albans

Youth old-time fiddle (age 15 and under)

1st ($75) - Ray Cossin, Mount Alto

2nd ($50) - Emily Rhodes, Nitro

3rd ($25) - Nate Schoettker, Tornado

Mandolin (all ages)

1st ($400) - Luke Shamblin, Elkview

2nd ($250) - Brandon Shuping, Williamson

3rd ($150) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

4th ($75) - Joshua Brown, Summersville

5th ($50) - David Asti, Morgantown

Bluegrass banjo (all ages)

1st ($400) - Andrew Kidd, Hurricane

2nd ($250) - Logan Browning, Summersville

3rd ($150) - Blaine Johnson, Beaver

4th ($75) - Jim Gabehart, Hamlin

5th ($50) - David Asti, Morgantown

Lap dulcimer (all ages)

1st ($400) - Hunter Walker, Beckley

2nd ($250) - Will Manahan, Elkview

3rd ($150) - Alan Freeman, Renick

4th ($75) - Bob Smakula, Elkins

5th ($50) - Emily Pritchard, Beckley

Youth lap dulcimer (age 15 and under)

1st ($75) - Will Manahan, Elkview

2nd ($50) - Makayla Straughter, Charleston

3rd ($25) - Glen Smakula, Montrose

Old-time banjo (59 and under)

1st ($400) - Tim Bing, Huntington

2nd ($250) - David O'Dell, Glenville

3rd ($150) - Bob Smakula, Elkins

4th ($75) - Chad Ashworth, Nitro

5th ($50) - Dennis Ott, Ronceverte

Senior old-time banjo (age 60 and over)

1st ($400) - Gerald Milnes, Elkins

2nd ($250) - John Morris, Ivydale

3rd ($150) - Ken Sheller, Elkins

4th ($75) - Steve Harrison, St. Albans

5th ($50) - Ted Samples, Harrisville

Flat-pick guitar (all ages)

1st ($400) - Adam Hager, Kenna

2nd ($250) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

3rd ($150) - Logan Jones, Charleston

4th ($75) - Swanagan Ray, Ripley

5th ($50) - Richard Adkins, Cross Lanes

Youth flat-pick guitar (age 15 and under)

1st ($75) - Logan Jones, Charleston

2nd ($50) - Jonathan Digiulian, Mount Hope

3rd ($25) - Zack Myers, Charleston

Liar's contest

1st ($100) - Conner Sorrells, Charleston

2nd ($75) - Adam Booth, Shepherdstown

3rd ($50) - John Smith, Meadow Creek

Youth liar's contest (age 15 and under)

Winner ($25) - Noah Lepp, Charleston

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers

                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                             July 12, 2007 Thursday

Local fiddler hits the Nashville ground running;
Ephrata grad to perform with Adrienne Young Band at Mount Hope's Great Green
America Fest.

BYLINE: Jane Holahan

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 509  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA




By JANE HOLAHAN

Oliver Craven remembers the exact day and time he and his fiddle arrived in
Nashville, Tenn., and he remembers the exact day and time they left.

"I got to Nashville on Thursday, May 17 at 9:30 in the morning," recalls Craven.
"It was exactly a week later, at 9:30 in the morning, that I left."

Within those seven days, Craven, who didn't know anyone and had no job
prospects, became part of Adrienne Young's band.

The group, which blends bluegrass, country, American folk and pop music, will be
appearing at the Great Green America Fest, being held this weekend at Mount Hope
on the grounds of the Pennsylvania Renaissance Faire. (see sidebar)

The group will be playing hour-long shows at the Swashbuckler Pub Pavillion both
Saturday and Sunday at 1 and 5 p.m.

"I kind of went down to Nashville with the idea that whatever happens, happens,"
says Craven, who gained performing experience in the Craven Family Band, which
his dad started when Craven was 10. "I didn't have any time limits. I was going
to give it a shot and do what I wanted before I went back to school."

Craven, a 2003 graduate of Ephrata Area High School, had dropped out of Temple
in his third year, realizing music meant more to him than school.

After a year of living at home, the time seemed right to move to Nashville, even
though he didn't have much money.

Once he was there, everything moved very fast.

"On Monday, I went to the Station Inn, a bluegrass club. I was by myself, and I
introduced myself to some people who were there and they were very nice. One of
them, Hans Holzen was a guitarist with Adrienne Young."

Holzen and Craven played together the next day and Holzen invited him to come
back on Wednesday night for a CD release party (for Young's "Room to Grow.")

Turns out the band's fiddle player had gotten food poisoning and was about to
leave the band anyway.

"Hans introduced me to Adrienne after the show and told her I was a pretty good
fiddle player," Craven remembers. "Adrienne said she'd call me after the
weekend, but the next morning she said they were playing in Charlottesville on
Friday and did I want to come along."

And so the next day, he was heading for Charlottesville.

He originally thought the gig was for a weekend, but it turned into a month-long
tour, playing everywhere from Virginia to New Jersey and New York City to
Vermont.

Craven knew about one-third of the songs the band was playing.

"I held it together well enough that they knew I could be valuable with some
practice," Craven says. "It was a lot of fun."

By now, Craven says, the band plays really well together.

"I'm certainly not the best fiddle player in the world, but I think I have a
unique style of playing, I bring a considerable amount of stage presence as a
player and as part of the act. I fit in really quickly."

CONTACT US: jholahan@LNPnews.com or 481-6016

THAT'S THE TICKET

Great Green America Fest

Fri. 5:30-11 p.m.

Sat. and Sun. 11 a.m.-8 p.m.

$15.95 adults

Free children 11 and under

Grounds of the

Pa. Renaissance Faire

Route 72, north of Manheim

www.greatgreenamericafest.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oliver Craven plays the fiddle. Marty Heisey, New Era

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Independent (Ashland, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 3, 2014 Monday

Have fiddle, will travel

BYLINE: Tim Preston, The Daily Independent, Ashland, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 831 words


Feb. 03--CANNONSBURG -- A few years back, Shirley Seim sold everything she had,
bought a van big enough to sleep in and pointed her fiddle to wherever the music
sounded good.

Seim, a native of Seattle, has since traveled and performed on big stages as
well as jamming in many small circles around the world.

"I figured I'd stop when one of two things happened -- I either landed a job or
the van broke down. They both happened in Morehead, Ky., at the Olive Hill
festival," Seim said.

Seim (whose last name rhymes with time), started playing piano and violin at an
early age with her school orchestra in Seattle.

"Then I saw a bluegrass band, which is not that uncommon there. I asked if my
violin was the same thing as a fiddle," she said, adding she found a "how-to"
book for fiddle and never looked back. She soon started taking her fiddle to
Seattle's streets to play for tips from people passing by.

"I spent three or four years busking in Pike Place Market and clubs. I lived,
breathed and slept music for a few years. For years, I would practice so much
that sometimes I would wake up with a fiddle in my hands."

As part of an alliance of like-minded "buskers," Seim then found herself in
Europe, playing to pay her way as she went. "We just hitchhiked and camped out
in the fields," she said, explaining it was an interesting time that came to an
abrupt and screeching halt.

"I got hit by a car or I'd probably still be there," she said with a smile. "You
could walk anywhere in Paris then. I was walking home and got slammed by a car
trying to steal my purse. It was a drive-by mugging, so to speak."

With a busted knee and big split in her head, Seim returned to Seattle for a
while to heal while still keeping her bow in motion with bands there. In many
ways, Seim said her musical appetite found a new hunger with a visit to the
International Bluegrass Music Association Awards, where some of the bluegrass
music world's most elite and famous come together every year.

"I heard a lot of traditional 'grass, which I had never heard. I heard Dave
Evans and Ernie Thacker. I quit my band that night and told them I wanted to go
in a different direction. They looked at me and said, 'We have a direction?'"
she said, before emphasizing, "My big epiphany was Dave Evans."

In her travels, Seim also spent time with friends in Australia, jamming at
churches and festivals until her visa expired. "I actually sold all my stuff
before Australia because I thought I might not be coming back," she said, noting
she then returned to Seattle and stayed with her sister for a week or two before
thinking, "Time for the next adventure."

Armed with her trusty fiddle and a book listing every music festival known to
man, Seim was able to pick and choose her destinations according to either
proximity or desire. At one stop, a new friend who swore she was best buddies
with Dave Evans offered to introduce Seim to the man whose music had so
profoundly influenced her.

"She said Dave Evans always needs a fiddler and took me over to meet him. He
answered the door in his drawers. I was thrilled. It was like getting to meet
Tom Cruise. He put his pants on and offered us coffee," she said with a giggle.

"I got the gig. He tried me out for two or three hours and called back in about
a week. For four or five years, we had pretty steady work," she said, adding she
later formed the all-female bluegrass band Hazel Holler with Carla Higgins, who
she met while jamming at the Poppy Mountain Bluegrass Festival. She also
committed to travels to Georgia and Alabama for shows with Larry Gillis of the
Gillis Brothers and Gary Waldrop.

"That was two or three weekends a months. I would drive there and then just get
on the bus and go from there."

Along the way, Seim also caught a glimpse of a man named Johnny Rucker.

"I met him at the Carter County flea market where I was selling jams and baked
goods. I thought he was good looking and I sidled up to him," she said with a
girlish giggle.

The two own and operate Creekside Nursery on Shopes Creek Road in Boyd County,
specializing in trees, shrubs and annuals. Greenhouse duties alone, however,
aren't enough to entirely root Seim's feet to any single spot. She continues to
work with many local and touring bands, ranging from time as one of Eddie
Riffe's Cougars and backing Bobby Cyrus to her longstanding spot with the Joe
Freeman Band. She still hits the festivals and jumps into  jams regardless of
location, with fellow musicians often noticing she gets a wild look in her eyes
whenever playing anything with a touch of cajun spice.

With no specific plans for the future, she says she hopes to play it all by ear.

"I would love to put together another music group ... and not just bluegrass. I
love to play blues and rock."

TIM PRESTON can be reached at tpreston@dailyindependent.com or (606) 326-2651.

___ (c)2014 The Daily Independent (Ashland, Ky.) Visit The Daily Independent
(Ashland, Ky.) at www.dailyindependent.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140203-KA-Have-fiddle-will-travel-0203-20140203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KA


                      Copyright 2014 The Daily Independent

                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             May 25, 2006 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Fiddling with tradition;
Fiddle jam band gets dancers clogging, moshing

BYLINE: Scott McLennan, ENTERTAINMENT COLUMNIST

SECTION: TIME OUT; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 776 words


The fiddle-ridden music of EJ Ouellette and Crazy Maggy conjures musical accents
ranging from French to Celtic to Scottish.

Though to Ouellette, it's all one language.

"I see it as a New England style," he said.

Ouellette explained how all those cultural dialects settled into a Northeast
melting pot of music, and growing up in Haverhill, the fiddler heard all those
sounds woven together into a common tongue, some of it eloquently expressed by
an uncle who was a well-known Cape Breton fiddler.

With his band Crazy Maggy, Ouellette takes the crossbreeding a step further as
he shifts his music from very traditional settings into contemporary ones with
the flick of his bow. He uses the rad-trad label to describe his music, and
coined the term as the moniker for his homegrown record label, which recently
released Ouellette's "Rock the Bow 5.0," the fruits of an ongoing recording
project Ouellette launched to turn his eclectic tastes into harmonious
offerings.

On "Rock the Bow 5.0," Ouellette and his band move from tunes that date back
some 300 years to freshly penned pieces weighing in on issues as current as the
war in Iraq.

Crazy Maggy consists of Ouellette on fiddle, vocals and guitar, Worcester's
Steve Baker on sax, Peter Whitehead on drums,

Michael Gruen on bass and John Longo on guitar.

While this lineup may resemble that of the Dave Matthews Band, the reality is
that Crazy Maggy takes the fiddle-sax-guitar lineup down an entirely different
road, one heading far deeper into the roots of traditional music.

Though admittedly bitten by The Beatles when the Fab Four showed up stateside -
prompting Ouellette, like countless other kids at the time, to invest in a
guitar - the musician came to realize just how much fun the traditional music is
to play.

"The traditional tunes we play were the pop tunes of the day 300 years ago. And
back then people had a more sophisticated sense of melody. You start playing
that stuff and it just reeks of possibilities of things to do harmonically,"
Ouellette said.

Ouellette has more than 20 years' experience as a studio musician, record
producer, recording engineer and music teacher. He dove into the Celtic
tradition and fiddle music around the mid-'90s and sealed his fate during a trip
to Africa, where he was helping set up a recording studio.

"I was playing my fiddle with all these African musicians and I saw how
seamlessly it fit into any type of rhythm," Ouellette said.

Building a band with a sax in the lineup again harkened to New England
tradition. Ouellette explained that a jazz hybrid took root around New Hampshire
when fiddle and horn duos were fairly common.

But Ouellette breaks from tradition in the way he handles his music.

"A traditional New England fiddler will put together a string of tunes, and
he'll rush one in the other," he said. "We try to interpret the songs in fresh
ways and do something like the Grateful Dead thing. We'll jam and explore the
harmonics, or take a jazz approach to tunes."

But as "Rock the Bow 5.0" will attest, Ouellette and Crazy Maggy do not
over-think the material. Frenetic reels and jigs flow into equally upbeat
pop-oriented tunes creating a unique musical program, one that showcases both
musical chops and entertaining skills.

The Crazy Maggy hybrid has found its way into various settings ranging from the
traditional Celtic Festival held in Canton each June, where Maggy has become the
popular crossover act, to rock shows headlined by Entrain, where Maggy is the
more rustic part of the bill.

"Basically we try to make the live show phenomenal. We know we're going over
when people don't stop dancing. And we see all kinds of dancing, from clogging
to moshing," Ouellette said.

Crazy Maggy makes its Worcester debut Saturday at Cafe Fantastique inside
Rotmans furniture store. The band has sets at 6 and 8 p.m.

"I do well in work towns," he said of branching out toward these parts.

Ouellette said that traditionalists have snubbed his band, and rock audiences
are tough to woo. But he said that such struggles are part of being a working
musician of any stripe.

"Convincing people that your music is good is a hard sell for anyone. It's just
hard to get noticed unless you have a pretty face and sweet melodies. People
gravitate toward the visual these days," Ouellette said. "But I know I can get
an audience interested once I'm in front of them. Getting through the door is
the tough part."

Scott McLennan can be reached at tgmusic1@yahoo.com

EJ Ouellette and Crazy Maggy

When: 6 and 8 p.m. Saturday

Where: Cafe Fantastique inside Rotmans, 725 Southbridge St., Worcester

How much: Tickets can be reserved for $8 at virtuous.com; unreserved seating is
free

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
From left, Steve Baker (on sax), EJ Ouellette (fiddle), Peter Whitehead (snare
drum), Michael Gruen (bass) and John Longo (guitar.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 27, 2008 Sunday

Athens fiddler to play at Princess

BYLINE: Holly Hollman, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 531 words


Apr. 27--A sound like a whine, yet not unpleasant, tickled Cory Elrod's ears as
a toddler.

His parents had just bought a car with a compact disc player, and Cory's mom,
Terrie, let him pick out his first CD.

Cory chose Charlie Daniels.

"When he heard 'The Devil Went Down to Georgia,' he wanted to know what was
making that sound," said Cory's father, Glen.

That sound was Daniels cutting lose on a fiddle.

"He listened to that song so many times, I finally bought him a fiddle for
Christmas," Glen Elrod said. "He would play the song and act like he was doing
the fiddle part."

At age 7, he started taking lessons from Daniel Carwile, who is an Athens native
and a past Fiddle King winner at the Tennessee Valley Old Time Fiddlers
Convention.

The Athens Bible School student practiced daily, and had the gumption to do an
impromptu performance for his fiddle hero.

In 2003, when Daniels performed at the Botanical Gardens in Huntsville, Cory
went on Daniels' bus and played the country music legend a tune.

"He was happy to listen, and he wrote on my fiddle, 'Cory, keep on fiddling,' "
Cory said.

Then in August 2006, Texas fiddler Tony Douglas, was promoting his upcoming
Hartselle show by doing a radio interview with Carol Lynn from 105.7. Lynn told
him about Cory.

"I said, 'Reckon he would want to be on the show?' " Douglas recalled. "So she
called him, and he came out, and I was really impressed. He was humble, and he
just gets up there and plays and says 'thank you' to the crowd, and the crowd
just loves him. They just love him."

Douglas, who turned down a contract with the Grand Ole Opry because he didn't
want to live in Nashville, performs regularly in Texas with The Tony Douglas
Show. He invited Cory to a show in Canton, Texas.

"The Texans loved him too," Douglas said. "He got a standing ovation. I think
there's no end to what he could do in country music."

Cory now performs with Douglas 10 or more times a year. He also has started
writing his own songs and has an album out called "One Last Kiss," which
contains original songs and fiddle favorites like "Orange Blossom Special."

"When something hits me, I just have to write it down," Cory said. "I don't know
how to explain it. I just get ideas and start writing."

Cory doesn't know why he chose the Daniels CD for the family's new car, but his
dad is happy about his choice.

"Would he be doing this today? Probably. It's a gift he didn't get from me, but
because of that Charlie Daniels song, he likely found his dream earlier in
life," he said.

If you go

What: Cory Elrod of Athens will perform with The Tony Douglas Show.

When: Saturday at 7 p.m. Doors open at 5:30 p.m.

Where: Princess Theatre Center for the Performing Arts.

Tickets: $15 in advance, or $20 at the door; available at princesstheatre.org or
340-1778.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2008, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080427-DD-Athens-fiddler-to-play-at-Princess-0427

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2008 The Decatur Daily

                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Dothan Eagle (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 18, 2009 Wednesday

Fiddlers' convention shows off old music styles at Spring Farm Day

BYLINE: Peggy Ussery, Dothan Eagle, Ala.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 640 words


Mar. 18--Jean Etheridge remembers her father's fiddle.

He used to forbid his children from holding it because they might break it. When
he wasn't home, her mother would place the fiddle on the edge of the bed, and
3-year-old Jean would chord it with her thumb and strum the bow across its
strings with her right hand -- never holding it up to her chin. When insects
chewed the strings off the bow, she used a stick.

"I would put rosin on that stick, and I could get a sound out of it," Etheridge
said, who has always played by ear and cannot even read sheet music.

It was the 1930s and fiddle playing and bluegrass music was popular. Growing up
in Calhoun County, Fla., Etheridge listened to all her father's bluegrass
records on the family's old phonograph.

"I was just drawn to that music," said Etheridge, who lives in Port St. Joe,
Fla. "I probably would have been drawn to any kind of music, but that was all we
had."

She's still drawn to it. Both she and her granddaughter will compete during this
year's Old-Time Fiddlers' Convention held in conjunction with Spring Farm Day at
Landmark Park. The competition is Saturday at 1 p.m. at the park's Victorian
gazebo.

Etheridge's interest waned as she entered her teenage years.

"Fiddle playing wasn't in vogue," she said. "Elvis and rock 'n' roll came in."

In the 1970s, she picked the fiddle back up. She has won six blue ribbons at
Landmark Park and inspired a new generation -- her granddaughter, Mollie
Etheridge.

Mollie has joined her family, who live in Rehobeth, at Landmark Park each year
her grandmother entered the fiddle contest. After the event five years ago, the
family was returning home when Mollie, then 7, spoke up.

"She said 'I want to play the fiddle like Nana and win,'" said Linda Etheridge,
Mollie's mother and Jean's daughter-in-law.

Jean Etheridge was thrilled. Mollie's grandparents gave her an antique fiddle
they had bought in Michigan years before. The fiddle, which dates back to the
late 1800s, is still Mollie's instrument of choice today.

"I liked the music ... kind of odd for a 7-year-old," Mollie, now 12, said. "I
liked the shape of the instrument."

Mollie has placed third in her age group at Landmark Park. Like Jean in her teen
years, fiddle music doesn't hold the charm it once did for Mollie. There's a lot
to distract the seventh-grader at Rehobeth Middle School -- dance lessons,
playing the drums in the school band, basketball, cheerleader tryouts and baton.
She loves to play fiddle music more than she enjoys listening to it.

"I still like it, but it's not my favorite," Mollie said.

Jean Etheridge said while the fiddle is a difficult instrument, it's also a fun
one to play. Adults who have never played but want to learn shouldn't be
intimidated, she said.

"Sometimes it sounds like they say 'killing cats' when you try to play one,"
Etheridge said. "But once they get to where they can pick out a tune, they would
probably have fun with it."

If you go ...

What: Spring Farm Day at Landmark Park in Dothan

When: Saturday, March 21, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.

Cost: $8 for adults, $6 for senior citizens, $4 for children, and free for
children age 3 and under. Park members are admitted free.

Features: Events include the Old-Time Fiddlers' Convention at 1 p.m., Alabama
State Horse and Mule Plowing Contest, a quilt exhibit, as well as demonstrations
of old-fashioned skills and crafts like shearing sheep, blacksmithing, and
basket weaving.

Info: Call 794-3452

To see more of The Dothan Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dothaneagle.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Dothan Eagle, Ala. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090318-DO-Fiddlers-convention-shows-off-old-music-styles-at-Spring-Farm-Day-03
18

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DO


                        Copyright 2009 The Dothan Eagle

                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      July 27, 1997, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

Fiddlin' and steppin' up a storm

BYLINE: SPECIAL)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 198 words

DATELINE: BOBCAYGEON


For 28 years, this tiny village has mounted its own version of Riverdance.

To the 1,500 residents, the dance spectacle that played at Toronto's Hummingbird
Centre in June has nothing on the Kawartha Lakes Ontario Open Fiddle and Step
Dance Contest.

The event this weekend brought 6,000 to 7,000 visitors to the community, on the
north end of Sturgeon Lake, 37 kilometres northeast of Lindsay.

The contest started as a competition at the local fall fair in 1969 and since
then has blossomed.

It has also generated tens of thousands of dollars for local charities.

The 150 competitors, from pre-schoolers to golden agers, came from as far as the
Yukon to vie for $ 8,000 in prize money.

Past competitors have included the Leahy Family (now recording artists Leahy)
and the Schryer triplets from Sault Ste. Marie (Daniel, Pierre and Louis), now
in their 20s, who started playing there at 7 years old and have won just about
every Canadian fiddling title in existence.

"The group step dancing is very popular and the people really love it when the
kids get dancing in a group," says Mary Stockdale, one of 11 directors on the
contest committee.

music competition


LOAD-DATE: July 28, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star color photos (DICK LOEK) HOP TO IT: Matthew Steckly, 7, blows them
away at the Kawartha Lakes Ontario Open Fiddle and Step Dance Contest yesterday.
TUNING UP: On plunger violin and coathanger is Frankie Rodgers, above, while
83-year-old Tommy Smith, left, and Shelley Downing, far left, compete in the
popular fiddle contest that drew thousands of visitors. SONG AND DANCE:
Seven-year-old Kurtis Stayner, left, shows the secret of his tapshoes. The
veterans, below left, show off their fine fiddle form onstage, while 5-year-old
Angela Kaiser steps lightly in the step-dance contest. The 150 competitors, from
pre-schoolers to golden agers, came from as far as the Yukon to vie for $ 8,000
in prize money. The little girl who changed her tune (p.A1) Savannah Dares, 4,
top left, didn't want to play her violin in front of a crowd and on the brink of
tears she leaves the Kawartha Lakes Ontario Open Fiddle and Step Dance Contest.
Top right, her mother Karen comforts her. Above left, Savannah comes around. And
finally she agrees to play.

                  Copyright 1997 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

Fiddle-icious at the Franco Center

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: New York



 Augusta: The State of Maine has issued the following news release:



       October 23

     Gendron Franco Center, Lewiston

     October 23, 2016

     Category: Live Music: All



 Event Details



     October 23, 2016

     2:00 pm - 4:00 pm



 Venue



     Gendron Franco Center

     46 Cedar Street

     Lewiston, ME 04240

     207-783-1585

     boxoffice@francocenter.org

     http://www.francocenter.org



 Event Description



 Join Fiddle-icious, a non-profit, all volunteer community orchestra with
members from Kittery to Augusta, as they take to the stage to share their
uplifting music.

Fiddle-icious is a large and vibrant group of Maine musicians playing fiddle,
piano, harp, guitar, banjo, accordion, cello, tin whistle, concertina and
upright bass. Their tunes are passed on from the Irish, Scottish, Quebecois and
Acadian traditions and include reels, jigs, marches, hornpipes, waltzes,
step-dancing and singing. Directed by Don Roy, a designated Master Fiddler from
Gorham, ME, hailed as a  "living cultural treasure" Fiddle-icious brings their
unique brand of energy and joy to the stage for their 13th season. Keeping the
heartbeat of the group even and steady on piano is Don's wife and musical
partner, Cindy Roy. Both Don and Cindy grew up in French-Canadian families,
where music was an integral part of their lives. Don and Cindy continue to share
their knowledge, foster community, and provide a place for musicians and
audiences alike to take part in the ageless spirit of the old-fashioned kitchen
party, keeping the musical heritage alive and well for future generations.

 Event presented by:



     Gendron Franco Center

     207-783-1585

     mthomas@francocenter.org

     http://www.francocenter.org



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             January 6, 2017 Friday
                              FRI REGIONAL Edition

Girl, 10, hopes 3rd try is noteworthy

BYLINE: Tom McGhee

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 646 words


Wynn Rutberg was 3 years old when she was first charmed by the keening wail of a
fiddle during a visit to the National Western Stock Show's Colorado Fiddle
Championship.

This year the 10 year old International School of Denver student will compete
for the third time at the contest, one of the largest old time fiddle matchups
in the country.

Wynn, a student of three time state champion Katie Glassman, will be back in the
National Western's Beef Palace Auction Arena competing in the championship's
Junior Junior Division on Jan. 7.

She has been practicing five days a week to prepare, concentrating on the three
tunes she will show off during the contest, and another she will perform with
three other students.

It's a challenge to stand in front of an audience "and get everything right,"
she said.

The contest is now in its 15th year, and is scheduled for Jan. 7 and Jan. 8, the
first two days of the stock show.

About 80 fiddlers ranging in age from 5 to nearly 90 usually compete at the
event, said Linnea Kenney, president of the Colorado Old Time Fiddlers'
Association.

This year the competition adds a Bob Wills Fiddle Division, where players will
perform Western Swing, a style that incorporates jazz and was played by fiddler
Bob Wills, leader of the Texas Playboys.

For some of the participants, fiddling is a family affair. Sisters Mackenzie and
Elyssa Johnston have a grandmother who plays. "She got the whole family
started," said Mackenzie, 16.

Last year Mackenzie placed fifth in the Junior Division at the National Oldtime
Fiddlers' Contest & Festival in Weiser, Idaho, one of the most prestigious
fiddling contests held.

She also won her division at the stock show. She will compete again this year,
and also will play backup guitar when her 11 year old sister performs her three
song set.

"If I win again, it will be a pretty exciting moment," Mackenzie said.

Western Swing, music that allows her some room to improvise, is her favorite
style to play, Mackenzie said. "I get to express myself."

All of the girls are taught by Glassman, who tours and records with the Western
Flyers, and leads her own band, Katie Glassman and Snapshot.

Now the reigning Colorado state champion, Glassman's third consecutive win at
the stock show last year disqualified her from competing in 2017, Kenney said.
"She won three straight times. That's the deal; you can either sit it out or be
a judge."

Since many of Glassman's students are competing, she didn't think it would be
fair to judge the contest.

Judges at the event are well known, championship fiddlers. Among them this year
is Kimber Ludiker, a fifth generation player who also first picked up a fiddle
when she was just 3 years old.

Ludiker is a three time national fiddle champion who founded the all woman
bluegrass/Americana band Della Mae and has performed with Grammy winners Mark
O'Connor and Alison Krauss, and other popular musicians.

Glassman began playing fiddle when she was 9, as a student at the private Denver
Waldorf School, where she had to play an instrument, as long as it was either a
cello or a violin.

She chose violin. Her parents puppeteers and folk musicians who exposed her to
the music of the Beatles, Paul Simon, and other icons of the 1960s were
supportive of her efforts.

She fell in love with Texas style old time fiddle, Western Swing and Gypsy Jazz,
a style popularized by guitar genius Django Reinhardt and violin virtuoso
St\xE9phane Grappelli, who together formed the Quintet of the Hot Club of France
in the 1930s.

Glassman studied classical and jazz violin at the University of Colorado in
Boulder, and in 2007 she moved to France to study with jazz violinist Didier
Lockwood, a Grappelli proteg\xE9.

These days, she concentrates on Western Swing and Texas style fiddling, a
musical form that has become the standard style played in contests, according to
the Texas Old Time Fiddlers Association.

LOAD-DATE: January 09, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            October 21, 2012 Sunday

Hoedown in Hoyt

BYLINE: Jan Biles.

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

LENGTH: 445 words


HOYT - When Meriden resident Mark Monell was 13, he went to a gathering of the
Kaw Valley Chapter of Old Time Fiddlers, Pickers and Singers in Garfield Park in
Topeka.

He told the musicians he played the fiddle, and soon he found himself on stage
playing Roy Acuff's "Wabash Cannonball."

The members cheered and asked Monell to play another tune.

"I had to tell them, 'I can't because that's the only song I know,' " he said
with a chuckle. "A half dozen fiddle players said they would help me learn, and
they promoted what little talent I had."

By the time Monell was 16, he had won state fiddle championships and other
contests. Today, he can play more than 500 songs.

One of the goals of the Kaw Valley chapter is to encourage young people who want
to learn how to play classic country music on guitar or fiddle to come to its
meetings and play alongside its members.

Eudora resident Paul Root, president of the Kaw Valley chapter and acoustic
guitarist for the Sierra Club band, said the club is recruiting new members by
donating a beginner-level fiddle or a guitar and a few lessons to anyone
interested in learning to play classic country tunes.

"Upon playing a full song at one of the meetings, the applicant will be given
the instrument," Root said.

The Kansas Old Time Fiddlers, Pickers and Singers was started in the mid-1960s
by Banjo Bob Simpson, Root's uncle, who invited musicians to come to his Topeka
garage to play. Within a short time, the group outgrew the garage and formed the
nonprofit club.

Today, the organization, which is open to musicians of all skill levels, has 10
chapters throughout the state and an annual convention where members compete in
various singing and playing contests.

In its heyday, more than 100 musicians - as well as square dancers - would show
up for the Kaw Valley chapter meetings.

"It would take six or seven hours to get through all the musicians," Monell
said.

Over the years, the club has met in Topeka, Holton, Tecumseh and Rossville and
now gathers from noon to 4 p.m. the first Sunday of each month at the Hoyt
Community Center. Lunch is prepared by Norma Murphy, a Hoyt resident known for
her pie making.

While the song list is typically traditional country, Root said club members
also play a bit of gospel and bluegrass.

Monell said membership has dwindled because the club now has to compete with
televised ball games on Sunday afternoons and computer technology that occupies
youngsters' time. In October, 33 people showed up for the meeting, down from 66
members and guests in September.

Monell said the reason the club was formed nearly 50 years ago remains the same.

"It's all about the preservation of the music," he said.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 4, 2008, Wednesday

Kanawha residents among Vandalia Gathering winners

SECTION: METRO NORTH; Pg. P1

LENGTH: 615 words


West Virginia's champion old-time fiddle, bluegrass banjo and mandolin players
competed on Saturday, May 24, and old-time banjo, lap dulcimer and flat pick
guitar players, as well as the best storytellers, on Sunday, May 25, during the
West Virginia Division of Culture and History's 32nd annual Vandalia Gathering.

A new competition, homemade apple pie and apple cake, also was held on May 24.

The 2008 contest winners were:

Youth Old-Time Fiddle (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) - Meredith Pheasant, Fairmont

2nd place ($50) - Ray Cossin, Mt. Alto

3rd place ($25) - Annie Fowler, Scott Depot

Old-Time Fiddle (age 59 and under)

1st place ($400) - Meredith Pheasant, Fairmont

2nd place ($250) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

3rd place ($150) - Ray Cossin, Mt. Alto

4th place ($75) - Jesse Milnes, Elkins

5th place ($50) - Darrell Murray, Charleston

Senior Old-Time Fiddle (age 60 and over)

1st place ($400) - Gerry Milnes, Elkins

2nd place ($250) - Don Jones, Scott Depot

3rd place ($150) - Jerry Lewis, Nettie

4th place ($75) - Elmer Rich, Westover

5th place ($50) - Junior Spencer, Frankford

Mandolin (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

2nd place ($250) - David Asti, Morgantown

3rd place ($150) - Matt Hiser, Beckley

4th place ($75) - Robin Kessinger, St. Albans

5th place ($50) - Jarrod Doss, Fort Gay

Bluegrass Banjo (all ages)

1st place ($400) - David Asti, Morgantown

2nd place ($250) - Andrew Kidd, Hurricane

3rd place ($150) - Doug Cossin, Mt. Alto

4th place ($75) - Jim Gabehart, Hamlin

5th place ($50) - Logan Browning, Summersville

Apple Cake (all ages)

1st place ($75) - Ella Hoffman, Charleston

2nd place ($50) - Tracy Carte, Charleston

3rd place ($25) - Ashley Hager, Kenna

Youth (age 15 and under, $25)

Ashley Hager, Kenna

Apple Pie (all ages)

1st place ($75) - John Carte, Charleston

2nd place ($50) - Kris Rollins, Scott Depot

3rd place ($25) - Mary Jane Bradshaw, Chesapeake

Youth (age 15 and under, $25)

Rachel Stevens, Charleston

Youth Lap Dulcimer (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) - Hunter Walker, Beckley

2nd place ($50) - Shalor Gore, Charleston

3rd place ($25) - Katie Stricker, Charleston

Lap Dulcimer (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Alan Freeman, Renick

2nd place ($250) - Tish Westman, Mabscott

3rd place ($150) - Dave Haas, Cross Lanes

4th place ($75) - Heidi Muller, Charleston

5th place ($50) - Hunter Walker, Beckley

Old-Time Banjo (59 and under)

1st place ($400) - David O'Dell, Glenville

2nd place ($250) - Tim Bing, Huntington

3rd place ($150) - Paul Gartner, Yawkey

4th place ($75) - Chad Ashworth, Nitro

5th place ($50) - Elijah Ray, Ripley

Senior Old-Time Banjo (age 60 and over)

1st place ($400) - Gerry Milnes, Elkins

2nd place ($250) - Ted Samples, Harrisville

3rd place ($150) - Ben Carr, Wilsie

4th place ($75) - Bernard Cyrus, Fort Gay

5th place ($50) - Ken Sheller, Elkins

Youth Flat Pick Guitar (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) - Jake Ryder, Marlinton

2nd place ($50) - Doug Cossin, Mt. Alto

3rd place ($25) - Ray Cossin, Mt. Alto

Flat Pick Guitar (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Adam Hager, Kenna

2nd place ($250) - Heather Adkins, Wayne

3rd place ($150) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

4th place ($75) - Richard Adkins, Cross Lanes

5th place ($50) - Josh Moody, St. Marys

Biggest Liar (1st place, $100 and Goldenseal magazine's Golden Shovel
award):Justin Wood, Morgantown

Bigger Liar (2nd place, $75): David Youssy, Charleston

Big Liar (3rd place, $50): Gary Buckhanan, Annamoriah

Youth (age 15 and under, $25): Noah Lepp, Charleston

The annual Vandalia Gathering is a free celebration of the traditional arts,
music, dance, stories, crafts and foods of West Virginia. The Cultural Center
and State Capitol Complex grounds play host to this expanding, family-style
gathering each year on Memorial Day weekend.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers

                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 4, 2008, Wednesday

Putnam residents among Vandalia Gathering contest winners

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P12

LENGTH: 615 words


West Virginia's champion old-time fiddle, bluegrass banjo and mandolin players
competed on Saturday, May 24, and old-time banjo, lap dulcimer and flat pick
guitar players, as well as the best storytellers, on Sunday, May 25, during the
West Virginia Division of Culture and History's 32nd annual Vandalia Gathering.

A new competition, homemade apple pie and apple cake, also was held on May 24.

The 2008 contest winners were:

Youth Old-Time Fiddle (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) - Meredith Pheasant, Fairmont

2nd place ($50) - Ray Cossin, Mt. Alto

3rd place ($25) - Annie Fowler, Scott Depot

Old-Time Fiddle (age 59 and under)

1st place ($400) - Meredith Pheasant, Fairmont

2nd place ($250) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

3rd place ($150) - Ray Cossin, Mt. Alto

4th place ($75) - Jesse Milnes, Elkins

5th place ($50) - Darrell Murray, Charleston

Senior Old-Time Fiddle (age 60 and over)

1st place ($400) - Gerry Milnes, Elkins

2nd place ($250) - Don Jones, Scott Depot

3rd place ($150) - Jerry Lewis, Nettie

4th place ($75) - Elmer Rich, Westover

5th place ($50) - Junior Spencer, Frankford

Mandolin (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

2nd place ($250) - David Asti, Morgantown

3rd place ($150) - Matt Hiser, Beckley

4th place ($75) - Robin Kessinger, St. Albans

5th place ($50) - Jarrod Doss, Fort Gay

Bluegrass Banjo (all ages)

1st place ($400) - David Asti, Morgantown

2nd place ($250) - Andrew Kidd, Hurricane

3rd place ($150) - Doug Cossin, Mt. Alto

4th place ($75) - Jim Gabehart, Hamlin

5th place ($50) - Logan Browning, Summersville

Apple Cake (all ages)

1st place ($75) - Ella Hoffman, Charleston

2nd place ($50) - Tracy Carte, Charleston

3rd place ($25) - Ashley Hager, Kenna

Youth (age 15 and under, $25)

Ashley Hager, Kenna

Apple Pie (all ages)

1st place ($75) - John Carte, Charleston

2nd place ($50) - Kris Rollins, Scott Depot

3rd place ($25) - Mary Jane Bradshaw, Chesapeake

Youth (age 15 and under, $25)

Rachel Stevens, Charleston

Youth Lap Dulcimer (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) - Hunter Walker, Beckley

2nd place ($50) - Shalor Gore, Charleston

3rd place ($25) - Katie Stricker, Charleston

Lap Dulcimer (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Alan Freeman, Renick

2nd place ($250) - Tish Westman, Mabscott

3rd place ($150) - Dave Haas, Cross Lanes

4th place ($75) - Heidi Muller, Charleston

5th place ($50) - Hunter Walker, Beckley

Old-Time Banjo (59 and under)

1st place ($400) - David O'Dell, Glenville

2nd place ($250) - Tim Bing, Huntington

3rd place ($150) - Paul Gartner, Yawkey

4th place ($75) - Chad Ashworth, Nitro

5th place ($50) - Elijah Ray, Ripley

Senior Old-Time Banjo (age 60 and over)

1st place ($400) - Gerry Milnes, Elkins

2nd place ($250) - Ted Samples, Harrisville

3rd place ($150) - Ben Carr, Wilsie

4th place ($75) - Bernard Cyrus, Fort Gay

5th place ($50) - Ken Sheller, Elkins

Youth Flat Pick Guitar (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) - Jake Ryder, Marlinton

2nd place ($50) - Doug Cossin, Mt. Alto

3rd place ($25) - Ray Cossin, Mt. Alto

Flat Pick Guitar (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Adam Hager, Kenna

2nd place ($250) - Heather Adkins, Wayne

3rd place ($150) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

4th place ($75) - Richard Adkins, Cross Lanes

5th place ($50) - Josh Moody, St. Marys

Biggest Liar (1st place, $100 and Goldenseal magazine's Golden Shovel
award):Justin Wood, Morgantown

Bigger Liar (2nd place, $75): David Youssy, Charleston

Big Liar (3rd place, $50): Gary Buckhanan, Annamoriah

Youth (age 15 and under, $25): Noah Lepp, Charleston

The annual Vandalia Gathering is a free celebration of the traditional arts,
music, dance, stories, crafts and foods of West Virginia. The Cultural Center
and State Capitol Complex grounds play host to this expanding, family-style
gathering each year on Memorial Day weekend.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers

                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 29, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

O'Connor, fiddling with musical fame

BYLINE: David Zimmerman

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 578 words


Dazzling fiddler Mark O'Connor still is riding high from his two wins at the
Country Music Association Awards.

''I know it was Garth Brooks' and Vince Gill's night, but I sure felt like I was
right behind them,'' says O'Connor, who claimed the musician award and the vocal
event award for an album that is certifying his genius beyond country circles.

The prime-time exposure of his wins and a performance with Ricky Skaggs, Vince
Gill, Steve Wariner and Bill Monroe was enough to pull O'Connor's landmark,
7-month-old album, The New Nashville Cats, back onto the Billboard country album
chart.  And it put new fire into his current virtuoso one-man tour (next stop:
Nashville, Nov. 4), which sometimes wins an hour's worth of encores.

It was the biggest boost a former behind-the-scenes studio musician could hope
for, enough to make people take more notice when Chet Atkins links O'Connor with
classical violinist Itzhak Perlman as ''two of the greatest musicians on the
planet.''

Until last year, O'Connor, 30, was one of the most sought-after session players
in Nashville, a veteran of more than 450 albums who earned upwards of $ 150,000
per year.

To his colleagues' shock, he dropped out to launch a solo career as an
instrumentalist. ''It was too comfortable,'' he says. ''I was willing to go back
to bare bones-ing it.''

For the album, O'Connor wrote songs to showcase the specific skills of 53 of his
studio-musician peers. ''I knew the inside of what really made these players
tick and cast them accordingly,'' he says.

Most of the players are known only to those who read album credits, but there
are a few stars also known for their instrumental skills, including Gill, Skaggs
and Wariner. O'Connor had performed with each of them in his child-prodigy
years, when he was on his way to winning every major fiddling contest in the
country.

Cats is likely to be a historic reference for country instrumentalists and
buffs. O'Connor sticks in virtually every country-music influence: bluegrass,
Cajun, Appalachian, Texas fiddle music, swing, Latin, R&B, classical, blues and
boogie.

He still accepts a few session jobs. He's on albums by new age performer Andreas
Vollenweider, jazzman Michael Brecker, as well as venerable folkie James Taylor
and country heavy hitters Randy Travis, George Jones and Wariner.

He recently recorded a composition he wrote for a classical string quartet and
is writing a concerto for fiddle and symphony. He's just signed to tour on a
bill with Travis Tritt and Marty Stuart next year, and is planning a duet album
that will pair him ''with all my fiddle and violin heroes,'' including famed
jazz violinist Stephane Grappelli, with whom he toured a dozen years ago.

For the many other jobs he's offered, he recommends other fiddlers. Most are
students of his own contemporary style, which revived the use of the fiddle in
the early 1980s, when it had virtually disappeared from mainstream country.

O'Connor says his style caught on because of ''an influx of producers from the
West Coast, the Northeast and Muscle Shoals (Ala.). They were not a part of the
old Nashville sound, and when they found out I had a contemporary sound, I got
the jobs.''

In his concerts, O'Connor plays fiddle, guitar and mandolin and takes listeners
''through all kinds of fiddle history.''

The musical category he best fits, he says, is that of ''American stylist. I
play almost anything associated with our country.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w

CUTLINE: O'CONNOR: Child prodigy leaps from session player to solo
instrumentalist.

TYPE: Show

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.

                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 18, 2008 Wednesday

HALLETTSVILLE'S ANNUAL FIDDLERS FROLICS: Saturday night dance features members
of the Ace in the Hole Band

BYLINE: Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 298 words


Jun. 18--HALLETTSVILLE --One of the highlights of the 38th annual Texas State
Championship Fiddlers Frolics is a Saturday night dance featuring members of the
Ace in the Hole Band.

Dance time is 8:30 p.m. at the Knights of Columbus Hall. Tickets are $10.

In addition to all the fiddling competition, musical guests include Fiddlin'
Frenchie Burke at 9:30 tonight, Wilfred Chevis at 1 p.m. Saturday, and the
legendary Pete Mayes & the Texas House Rockers at 6 p.m. On Sunday, Patrick
Murphy & Murphy's Law performs at 1 p.m.

On Sunday, the Texas State Championship Fiddle Contest starts at 12:30 p.m. with
the championship playoff slated for 5 p.m.

38th Annual Texas State Championship Fiddlers Frolics

Schedule of Events

Knights of Columbus Hall, Hallettsville

Tonight

Cajun Fun Night

6:30 p.m.Senior Division Fiddle Contest

8 p.m.Anything Goes Fiddle Contest

9:30 p.m.Fiddlin' Frenchie Burke

Saturday

9 a.m.Freshman and Pee Wee Division Fiddle Contest

10 a.m.Texas Songwriters' Serenade

12:30 p.m.Gone to Texas Fiddle Contest

1 p.m.Wilfred Chevis (Cajun/Zydeco)

6 p.m.Legendary Pete Mayes & the Texas House Rockers

8:30 p.m.Dance featuring members of the Ace in the Hole Band

Sunday

9:30 a.m.Guitar Accompanist Contest

10:30 a.m.Texas Fiddlers' Hall of Fame induction

12:30 p.m.Texas State Championship Fiddle Contest

1 p.m.Patrick Murphy & Murphy's Law

5 p.m.Fiddle championship play-off

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080618-VI-HALLETTSVILLE-S-ANNUAL-FIDDLERS-FROLICS-0618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2008 Victoria Advocate

                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            January 21, 2011 Friday

Sibling revelry // Born into bluegrass, the Roys excited about upcoming
bluegrass CD

BYLINE: Karen Nugent

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 683 words


Growing up in Fitchburg and New Brunswick, brother and sister Elaine and Lee Roy
honed their musical skills performing at small local clubs and fairs, and by
absorbing the music and culture of their rich French-Canadian heritage.

"That's what we were raised on," Ms. Roy said. "My grandmother played the fiddle
, my aunts and uncles would sing Acadian songs. You learn it without even
knowing it."

Ms. Roy began singing at age 5, and got her first paid gig was at a country fair
when she was just 10.

"One of the people that we knew there knew that I sang, and wanted me to sing
with them," she said. "We worked out five or six songs, and I got up there and
did my little thing. I remember it as if it was yesterday."

Both siblings play guitar and sing. Mr. Roy also plays mandolin, fiddle and
bass.

"At 5 or 6 years old, I became addicted to music and I just couldn't get enough
of the fiddle," he said. "For me, the fiddle growing up was really the
instrument, because it was what my grandma played."

The Roys, who moved to Nashville, Tenn., four years ago, have brought that
tradition to the heart of bluegrass country with their debut bluegrass CD,
"Lonesome Whistle," to be released March 22 on Rural Rhythm Records.

The disc is co-produced by Andy Leftwich, a fiddle player - perhaps as good as
Grandma Roy - for bluegrass legend Ricky Skaggs, a personal hero of Mr. Roy. To
add to that excitement, the CD was recorded at Skaggs' studio, with his backup
band.

Skaggs sings on one track, "That's What Makes it Love."

"It was very exciting getting to hang out in his studio with all those
musicians," Mr. Roy said.

The 11-track disc comprises 10 original songs, showcasing the Roys' songwriting
talent.

The title track, written by the Roys in two hours while on the road in Maine,
recounts a couple whose life revolves around a train. The train carries the man
off to war, while the woman sits and waits for it to bring him back home. And
unlike a lot of country or blues songs, this up-tempo tune has a happy ending:
the train brings the man home.

The album shows off Ms. Roy's emotional voice, especially on "Trailblazer," a
song she said was influenced by one of her favorites, Dolly Parton. The song,
Ms. Roy said, reminds her of all the women in the world chasing their dreams.

"I got the idea while sitting in traffic one day behind a Trailblazer SUV. So
later that day, in a writing session, we wrote this women's anthem. It's one of
my favorites on the album," Ms. Roy said.

Mr. Roy said the two find inspiration for their songs everywhere - from the
news, television or personal experiences.

"Most songs have stories, and we just let the melody go where it wants to," he
said.

Ironically, the song on which Skaggs sings back-up has no hook or personal
story.

"We just did it," Mr. Roy said.

Mr. Roy, a graduate of the Montachusett Regional Technical Vocational School in
Fitchburg (his sister went to high school in New Brunswick), formed a country
duo in 1988, although he said his first real love is bluegrass, and that he
started out in a bluegrass band at age 9. The Roys went to Nashville for about
10 years, but eventually returned to Fitchburg and made Leominster a home base,
playing at the former Red Barn there, and at private French-Canadian and Acadian
clubs in Gardner, Lowell and Waltham.

In 2006, they released their debut country album, "The Roys," featuring 12
original tunes.

As the act grew in popularity, they opened a Red Sox game at Fenway Park in
2008; and performed the national anthem for President George W. Bush at Andrews
Air Force Base in 2009, where they got to meet the president and First Lady
Laura Bush.

Besides the their musical pursuits, the Roys are involved with an international
partnership mission to Bogota, Colombia, called "Compassion International,"
through which they each sponsored an 8-year-old child. They traveled to Bogota
last August to attend a training seminar.

"It was truly an eye-opening experience," Ms. Roy said.

ART: PHOTO

CUTLINE: Elaine and Lee Roy's debut bluegrass CD, "Lonesome Whistle," will be
released in March.

PHOTOG: Courtesy of ANTHONY LADD

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Growing up in Fitchburg and New Brunswick, brother and sister Elaine
and Lee Roy honed their musical skills performing at small local clubs and
fairs, and by absorbing the music and culture of their rich French-Canadian
heritage. "That's what we were raised on," Ms. Roy said. "My grandmother played
the fiddle, my aunts and uncles would sing Acadian songs. You learn it without
even knowing it."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Abbotsford Times (British Columbia)

                              May 29, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Camp a melodic experience; Seasoned and new players welcomed

BYLINE: Christina Toth, The Times

SECTION: SHOWTIME; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 628  words


Musical kids (and adults, too) can still sign up for a memorable music
experience with the Sabir Sisters Studio music camp, on this summer from June 29
to July 3 in Abbotsford.

The program includes instruction in fiddle, guitar and step dance as their main
courses.

"Through the week they get to learn different styles," said Roxanna Sabir, who
with sisters Shamma, Sarah and Laila, run the Sabir Sisters Music Studio.

"The styles range from the early old English and original Celtic styles that
were first brought to Canada, to Quebecois style, to the Canadian Celtic, or
Cape Breton style," she said.

While some study music, there is room for novices.

"The students range in age from six to 76," said Sabir, and they've set aside
one class for raw beginners.

"By the end of the camp, they'll be able to play five tunes."

And just to keep the playing field a little more level, students are asked to
sign up for an elective class to learn something new.

Elective courses are fiddle, guitar, step dance, bodhron (an Irish drum), voice,
keyboard and rock band.

The instructors sound like a who's who in the fiddle world. Kevin Burke,
eight-time All Ireland Fiddle champ will be here.

"We're so lucky. It's really rare to get him out to Canada," said Sabir.

Mairi Campbell from Edinburgh Scotland, the BBC award winning vocal solo of the
year for her interpretation of Robbie Burns' Auld Lang Seyne on the Sex and the
City Soundtrack, will be sharing her expertise in Scottish fiddle and voice.

Shetland fiddler Catriona MacDonald brings her tradition, and French Canadian
Pierre Schryer will share his expertise in Acadian and Quebecois fiddle styles.

A pair of Maritimers, Mairi Rankin of the Rankins, and Wendy MacIssac (Ashley
MacIssac's cousin) of Beolach, will teach Cape Breton fiddle and step dancing.

Two Vancouver Island instructors include Adrian Dolan (of award-winning The
Bills), on keyboard and fiddle in the rock band class, and Trent Freeman, a past
Sabir school teacher who is himself studying at the Berklee Music School in
Boston. Also teaching are Shamma Sabir, Daimien Brennan and Bonnie Kramer.

Although just in its third year, word about the camp is definitely out. Students
will arrive from as far away as Scotland, Ontario, Idaho, Bella Coola and other
remote points in B.C.

All in all, Sabir is expecting an exciting week.

"I'm looking forward to the people and the music, and getting all these
traditions together," she said.

The camp ends with a public concert on the evening of July 2 at the Clarke
Foundation Theatre (33700 Prentis Ave., Mission), featuring the amazing talents
of the instructors. For tickets call the box office at 604-820-3961.

The camp costs $250 for the week, and includes tuition, a concert ticket, a camp
T-shirt, music and mp3s of all tunes taught at camp during the week, and pizza
lunch on the final day.

AUDITIONS ON FOR WEST COAST FIDDLERS

Along with the year-round lessons, Sarah and Roxanna Sabir direct the West Coast
Fiddlers, a collection of 20 or so school-aged senior students who play locally
through the year. Last year, the Sabirs and the West Coast members took a
two-week tour of the east coast of Scotland, including Edinburough, Inverness
and the Isle of Arran.

The students performed daily, and took three workshops with music professors
from the University of Glasgow. "It was amazing, we had quite the time," said
Sabir.

Locally they've played Vancouver's Orpheum Theatre, the Bell Centre for the
Performing Arts, Folk Life in Seattle.

The group is looking for new members aged six to 19 years old to audition for
fiddle sections, and who are musical, work hard and love to have fun. Auditions
are held on June 6.

For information on this and the Sabir Sisters Music Camp, call 604-825-1871, or
visit www.sabirsisters.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Photo submitted; The West Coast Fiddlers group play here in Callander,
Scotland, last August, during a two-week tour of the country's east coast.
Auditions are open for the group, and some space is still available at the Sabir
sisters' music camp this summer. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Abbotsford Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             May 26, 2011 Thursday

Brattleboro Dawn Dance returns

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 375 words


Thursday May 26, 2011

BRATTLEBORO -- On Sunday, dance aficionados from all over New England and beyond
will converge on Brattleboro to take part in the biannual Brattleboro Dawn
Dance, a 14-hour marathon of English country, contra and couple dancing in the
Gibson-Aiken Center, 207 Main St.

The Labor Day Dawn Dance begins with English dancing from 2:30 to 5:30 p.m., led
by Susan Kevra, a caller from Nashville, Tenn. known for her elegant and fluent
English dance leading. Music for the English dance segment will be provided by
Ethan Hazzard-Watkins on violin, Anna Patton on clarinet and Karen Axelrod on
piano.

At 8 p.m., caller Steve Zakon-Anderson of Hancock, N.H. will kick off the contra
dance portion of the evening with music by Alden Robinson on fiddle, Peter
Siegel on mandolin, guitar, and foot percussion, Mary Cay Brass on piano and
accordion and Matthew Kenney on percussion.

At midnight Brattleboro caller Adina Gordon joins forces with Great Bear Trio
for the second contra dance set. Great Bear Trio features brothers Andrew
VanNorstrand on fiddle, guitar and bouzouki and Noah VanNorstrand on fiddle,
mandolin and foot percussion, and their mother Kim Yerton on piano. They play a
unique, high-energy blend of traditional and original material and regularly
tour all over North America.

The final set of contra dancing begins at 3:30 a.m., with Vermont caller Mary
Wesley joined by Matching Orange, a trio of musicians from the Boston area
consisting of Brendan Carey Block on fiddle, Eric McDonald on guitar and
mandolin, and Eric Eid-Reiner on piano. Known up and down the East Coast for
their thrilling approach to playing for contra dancers, Matching Orange is a
band that creates a swirling level of intensity, sometimes gritty, sometimes
pure, and always exciting.

Tickets are $10 for the English dance segment, $20 for the contra segment, or
$25 for both ($7, $15 or $22 for students and seniors). Tickets can be purchased
at www.dawndance.org , or at the door from 2:30 to 6 p.m., and form 7:30 p.m.
until sold out.

For more information, visit www.dawndance.org , e-mail info@dawndance.org , or
contact the Dawn Dance Committee at 802-257-9234. Dancers should bring clean
sneakers or soft-soled shoes to protect the dance floor.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                     January 26, 2017 Thursday 12:21 PM GMT

Live Theatre Newcastle to host classy American trio Hunter, Seamons and Wiggins;

Hunter, Seamons and Wiggins lead the way in this week's round-up of roots music
happenings in the region

BYLINE: By Alan Nichol

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 944 words


It is rare these days to come across an old-style acoustic blues trio and rarer
still to encounter a combination of banjo, fiddle and harmonica (in addition to
vocals).

As a consequence, I would imaginethere will be a sell-out crowd in attendance at
theLive Theatre's Studiovenue on Sunday night to catch the classy American
Hunter, Seamons and Wiggins threesome.

Ben Hunter (fiddle), Joe Seamons (banjo) and Phil Wiggins (harmonica) come to
Tyneside as guests of Jumpin' Hot Club, with some seriously good reviews - and a
range of other awards - from the USA.

Wiggins is probably the best known of the three over here given he had a
long-standing partnership with fellow Washington DC resident, guitarist John
Cephas (who died in 2009). All three musicians are devotees of the Piedmont
blues style - primarily from the Carolinas, Virginia and Tennessee - following
in the wake of renowned exponents such as Rev. Gary Davis, Blind Boy Fuller,
Elizabeth Cotton, John Jackson and others.

Whilst the Wiggins/Cephas duo followed in the tradition of the enduring
partnership of Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee the banjo/fiddle has no such
high-profile pairing to compare despite the fact it dates back hundreds of
years.

The fiddle, almost certainly imported from UK/Ireland and the banjo arrived with
slaves from Africa, were in common usage from the early 18th century.

Ed Sheeran announces two Newcastle concerts as part of world tour

Hunter and Seamons are obviously devout students of the form even though neither
man originates from the Piedmont area. Hunter was born in Lesotha and brought up
in Phoenix, Arizona whilst Seamons is from Oregon.

Their origins are of little consequence, however, because the sound they
generate is a timeless blend of blues, folk and country from the deep
well-spring of American music.

Add in their vocal harmonies and Wiggins's eloquent harmonica phrasing and the
resultant sound is subtle, sensuous and evocative but fun, too. The forthcoming
album, Black &amp; Tan Ball - essentially a Hunter/Seamons duo with Wiggins as
guest - features all three in seamless union. Leeds lad, Chris Wallum opens the
show in the intimate and resonant Studio.

Celine Dion to tour UK for the first time in eight years this summer

On Saturday at Sage Gateshead there is a chance to expand one's musical horizon
with some new music which includes indie, folk, jazz, world and classical.

Entitled New Year, New Artists the day features a cast of rising talent, hence
many of the names will be new to most people. At various points of the
day/evening you can see some top-notch musicians : Amythyst Kiah (alt country of
Southern gothic style), Anna Meredith, Bossy Love, Christopher Park (piano),
Ditte Elly (local singer with 10-piece orchestra), Elliot Galvin Trio (young
jazz combo), Horácio Ferreira, Jake Houlsby, Jasdeep Singh Degun (sitar), Mariam
Batsashvili (piano), Talisk (Young Folk Award winners) and Tamsin Waley-Cohen.
Tickets can be purchased from the Sage Gateshead box-office for specific events,
for day or evening sessions and an attractively priced all-day ticket. A more
comprehensive run-down on each performer is available on the Sage Gateshead
website.

On Saturday night in Cluny 2, Joana Serrat is the guest. She is from Vic near
Barcelona but travelled to Montreal to record her new album, Cross the Verge
(Loose Records).

Whilst it has attracted uniformly high praise, the record has had the pundits
reaching for a broad range of reference points. Her sound has been likened to
Mazzy Star, Lambchop and even Neil Young but there is always one sure way to
test those opinions ....by getting down to the Ouseburn on Saturday night.
Tickets are £8 in advance.

Next Friday night brings a long-awaited return to the Cluny (upstairs in the
main room) for the James McMurtry Band. The Austin, Texas-based
singer/songwriter /guitarist was brought-up between Forth Worth and Virginia but
he formed a band while he was at university in Tucson, Arizona. Doors were
opened for him, musically speaking, by a chance meeting with John Mellencamp and
McMurtry later featured in a band called the Buzzin' Cousins with Joe Ely,
Dwight Yoakam and Johns Prine and Mellencamp. He released the first of his dozen
albums (all told), Too Long In The Wasteland, in 1989.

He is the son of the hugely successful, Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist/writer,
Larry McMurtry (Lonesome Dove among dozens of other works which include
screenplays etc). James has a body of work which certainly exhibits the literary
prowess of his father and another best-selling author, Stephen King, was
prompted to say, "The simple fact is that James McMurtry may be the truest,
fiercest songwriter of his generation." Similarly, the BBC's Country music
doyen, Bob Harris, called McMurtry "The most vital lyricist in America today."

McMurtry once described himself as a "fiction writer" but he has written songs
which have been overtly political. One such, We Can't Make It Here, became
Americana song of the year in 2006. Chaney's Toy (from the album Just Us Kids)
was similarly forthright.

His latest album, Complicated Thing, is his ninth studio offering and came out a
couple of years ago. It was six years in the making and was immediately called
his best work to date by many critics. His trademark unvarnished tales of
America's "ordinary Joe" manages to distil the day to day lives of the common
man with a rare eloquence. He touches on environmental /social issues, too and
draws on imagery that, like some of his father's work, evokes the American west
of a bygone era whilst setting and themes are as current as the daily news.
Chicago band, Alice Drinks The Kool Aid, open the show.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2017 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved

                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

THE GAWLER FAMILY PLAYS PHIPPSBURG HOLIDAY CONCERT

LENGTH: 655  words

DATELINE: New York



 Augusta: The State of Maine has issued the following news release:



       December 9

     Phippsburg Congregational Church (UCC), Phippsburg

     December 9, 2016

     Categories: Live Music: All, Community Events



 Event Details



     December 9, 2016

     7:30 pm - 9:30 pm

     At the door is $15; advance tickets at BrownPaperTickets.com  are $12;
students $8 . Children under 8 free

     Tickets can be purchased at the door or on line at BrownPaperTickets

     Get Tickets



 Venue



     Phippsburg Congregational Church (UCC)



     10 Church Lane

     Phippsburg, ME 04562

     (207) 389-1770

     44enigmas@gmail.com

     http://www.phippsburgucc.org



 Event Description

 Gawler Family



 The Gawler Family will perform a holiday concert at the Phippsburg
Congregational Church on Friday, December 9 at 7:30 p.m.



 A Maine musical institution, The Gawlers will perform an eclectic assortment of
old and new songs from many folk traditions and, in honor of the season, songs
celebrating Christmas and winter. They accompany their warm interweaving
harmonies with fiddles, banjo, guitar, flute, and ukulele as well as a few
surprises. Whether crooning a quietly poignant ballad or delivering a rollicking
fiddle tune, their unique arrangements are accompanied by anecdotes both
historical and humorous.



 Although the Gawlers may be best known for their extensive collection of tunes
in the Scots-Irish and French Canadian traditions, their extensive travels have
added to the depth and wideness of their material and musical influences.



 Ellen Gawler is a celebrated Maine fiddler conversant in many styles including
Maritime, Quebecois, Irish, New England and Shetland. She began fiddling at a
young age traveling to Ireland, and the Shetland Islands to collect tunes and
study with the masters. She has toured the Northeast, Northwest and Europe and
has performed with a number of groups including The Pineland Fiddlers, Ladies of
the Lake, Childsplay, and The Maine Country Dance Orchestra. She is a Suzuki
violin/fiddle teacher of two decades.



 Playing guitar and banjo, John Gawler has been a member of The Maine Country
Dance Orchestra, The Pine Hill String Band, The Moosetones, Project Troubadour,
and Childsplay. With the group Old Grey Goose International he has shared his
music with the people of Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan,
Kyrgyzstan, Algeria, Benin, Poland, and Cuba.



 In addition to playing fiddle and singing, Molly Gawler has also been an
acclaimed featured dancer with the internationally celebrated dance company,
Pilobilus. In that capacity she has appeared on the Academy Awards, Oprah,
Japanese television and Late Night with Conan O'Brian. She has recorded an album
of lullabies called Honey Dreams and is a member of the Boston-based fiddle
orchestra Childsplay. A profile of Molly on MPBN's Conversations With Maine
served to widen audience awareness of the multi-talented performer and her
family. Molly and her sisters Edith and Elsie also perform as The Gawler Sisters
and have recorded their first album as a trio, Home Again, Home Again.



 Playing the Bodhran and flute, Molly 's husband, Lao Gillam, adds a new
dimension to the Gawler family sound.



 The concert will be performed at the historic 1802 Phippsburg Congregational
Church, situated on the banks of the Kennebec.



 The Phippsburg Congregational Church is located at 10 Church Lane (at Parker
Head Rd.) in Phippsburg. Admission at the door is $15; advance tickets at
BrownPaperTickets.com  are $12; students $8 (children under eight admitted
free). Refreshments will be served. Doors open at 7:00 p.m. For more information
call 389-1770.

 Event presented by:



     Phippsburg Congregational Church

     http://www.phippsburgucc.org



 Artist/Group Info:



     Gawler Family

     https://www.facebook.com /GawlerFamilyBand/



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             May 6, 2015 Wednesday

Alasdair Fraser and Natalie Haas at Next Stage tonight

BYLINE: Special to the Reformer

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 315 words


PUTNEY &GT;&GT; Next Stage Arts Project and Twilight Music present an evening of
cutting edge fiddle and cello explorations of Scottish, Celtic and global music
by Alasdair Fraser and Natalie Haas at Next Stage on Thursday, May 7 at 7:30
p.m. With a shared passion for improvising on the melody and the groove of
traditional tunes, Fraser and Haas feature dazzling teamwork, swapping melodic
and harmonic lines and trading driving rhythmic riffs.

The musical partnership between Fraser and Haas is the fulfillment of Fraser's
long-standing musical dream to return the cello to its historical role at the
rhythmic heart of Scottish dance music. In the last 100 years, piano and
accordion have largely replaced the cello's gorgeous melodic tones and
percussive energy as fiddle accompaniment in traditional music. Their debut
recording "Fire & Grace" won not only critical acclaim, but also the coveted the
Scots Trad Music "Album of the Year" award, the Scottish equivalent of a Grammy.

Long regarded as Scotland's premier fiddle ambassador, Alasdair Fraser has a
concert and recording career spanning 30 years, with a long list of awards,
accolades, television credits and feature performances on top movie soundtracks
(Last of the Mohicans, Titanic).

California based cellist Natalie Haas is a graduate of the Juilliard School of
Music, and currently teaches at Berklee College of Music in Boston and with
Fraser at his annual summer fiddle courses in California and Scotland.

Next Stage is located at 15 Kimball Hill, Putney,. Tickets are $20 in advance,
$24 at the door. For information, call 802-387-0102. Advance tickets are
available at www.nextstagearts.org , Turn It Up in Brattleboro and Offerings
Jewelry in Putney. Katy's will provide a beer and wine cash bar. For more
information, visit www.alasdairfraser.com , www.nataliehaas.com ,
www.twilightmusic.org and www.nextstagearts.org .

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alasdair Fraser and Natalie Haas.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                      June 9, 2004 Wednesday Final Edition

Fit for dancin': Michael Jerome Browne works the string band sound on latest
record

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Norman Provencher

SECTION: Arts; Pg. E5

LENGTH: 588 words

It's not everyone who's ready, willing and able to embark on an informed
discussion on the role (or not) of the accordion in "string band music."

Which is just one more good reason for us to be thankful we have two-time Juno
nominee Michael Jerome Browne around.

On his latest record, Michael Jerome Browne & The Twin Rivers String Band, the
Montreal multi-instrumentalist and singer elects to err on the side of
inclusion.

"It's all unimportant," read the record's liner notes. "(String band music)
could be old-time, cajun, blues, country, western swing, bluegrass, ragtime,
jazz, jug band or any style you want."

In fact, the only caveat Browne offers is: "Usually, it's music for dancin'."

Indeed, the fine record -- which prominently features Ottawa partners (in life
and in song) fiddler Michael Ball and percussionist-vocalist Jody Benjamin,
banjoist Mary Gick, as well as Montreal-based guitar virtuoso Jordan Officer,
mostly on fiddle -- has everything from ancient-sounding cajun numbers to a
Leadbelly cowboy song, from a reworked George Jones tune to new numbers written
by Browne and partner-lyricist B.A. Markus such as the haunting Still On My Mind
and the up-tempo Just Look Up (with Canadian folk legend Penny Lang sharing the
vocals.)

It's indeed a potpourri and, yes, most of it's fit for dancin' of one type or
another.

Although he's best known for the blues -- the fine, multi-discipline acoustic
blues on his previous albums, Drive On and Michael Jerome Browne, and, before
that, his work on lead guitar and vocals with Montreal's Stephen Barry Band --
no one should be surprised Browne has come up with a whole record of even older
traditional stuff this time out.

"It's something I've just wanted to do and it's been in my repertoire ... there
were some bits of it on Drive On.

"This time, I just thought it'd be great to stretch it out, concentrate on the
fiddle and the banjo."

As is his wont, though, Browne -- who's known and respected in music circles for
his work on fiddle, banjo, Dobro, old-style 12-string guitar and others --
decided he needed to research matters even deeper.

He obtained a grant from the Quebec government last year that enabled him to
take a packed, two-month swing through North Carolina, Tennessee and Kentucky,
as well as the U.S. Library of Congress in Washington, to do some woodshedding
on the "Appalachian" styles of banjo and fiddle.

"Appalachian is more structured than the cajun styles," he says. As an example,
he recalls a fiddle workshop he once attended where someone asked the instructor
whether a certain tune began on an upstroke or a downstroke and the bemused
instructor went: "Um, it really don't matter."

"Yeah, the cajun's fun, even the slow ones, but I felt I was stumbling a little
bit in the Appalachian, so I'm really glad I got a chance to make the trip."

Several times, Browne speaks admiringly of his Twin Rivers cohorts Benjamin
("she's a metronome") and co-fiddlers Ball and Officer.

"I've known Michael (a native of Quebec's Eastern Townships) for something like
25 years, and Jordan (whose main gig is as swing-type electric guitarist with
Montreal's hip Susie Arioli Band) and I have worked in a duo, so we had those
twin-fiddle parts worked out.

"So, even though the songs were across a wide spectrum of styles, we were able
to do them live off the floor (everyone playing together).

"That's a string band sound."

Michael Jerome Browne, with guests Ball & Chain, play the Bayou Friday.

Tickets & times, 738-1709.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Allen McInnis, Citizen Special; Michael Jerome Browne
concentrates on the fiddle and banjo this time around.

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            March 15, 2014 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Folk Fusion; The Fretless will appeal to 'big eclectic mix of people'

BYLINE: Gord Brock, The Leader-Post

SECTION: ARTS &; LIFE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 442 words


THE FRETLESS

When: March 17

Where: The Artful Dodger

Perhaps Saskatchewan residents can best relate to the range of emotion expressed
by three champion fiddle players and an equally qualified cellist by noting the
change of the local mood since the weather broke.

The Fretless, in one song on their latest album, lament the Lonesome Scene of
Winter, a dirge-like tune with ominous lyrics. It's similar to the general
humour in Saskatchewan in late February, worn thin by much colder-than-average
temperatures.

Counterbalancing that sombre mood is the sprightly melody and quick cello
rhythms of June Tune, obviously celebrating the optimism and vigour of that
month. Similarly, local streets bare of life forms a week ago were streaming
with walkers and their dogs on the first day that the thermometer rose above
freezing.

The self-titled album from The Fretless is its second recording effort, on the
heels of a collection called Waterbound. It earned the group the 2012 Western
Canadian Music Award for instrumental album of the year and the 2012 Canadian
Folk Music Awards for instrumental group and ensemble of the year, Canadian
indie string quartet. Reginans can hear first-hand the largely instrumental folk
fusion of The Fretless at The Artful Dodger on Monday.

Their shows normally draw fiddle fans and people who enjoy traditional music,
said Karrnnel Sawitsky, a fiddler who was born in Regina but now calls Toronto
home. But their fans are as tough to pigeonhole as their music, and crowds tend
to be "a big eclectic mix of people."

Other members of The Fretless - an obvious reference to the lack of frets on a
fiddle - include Ivonne Hernandez of Victoria, the reigning five-time Grand
North America Fiddle Champion.

Also armed with a fiddle is Trent Freeman, based in Toronto, who in 2012 won a
Canadian Folk Music Award for instrumental solo artist of the year, for a
recording that combined folk with jazz.

Rounding out the lineup is cellist Eric Wright, with awardwinning credentials
from Vermont and New England. He, Hernandez and Freeman are all distinguished
graduates of the Berklee School of Music in Boston.

Sawitsky said the band works as a "complete collective" in determining what
they'll play, and how.

"We literally just kind of sit down as a band and hash things out," he said,
including "every little nitpicking detail in each arrangement."

Their pieces include selections that a band member has written, or traditional
music, or their take on fiddle music they've heard.

He said the Regina show will include music from their albums and perhaps some
special guests.

"We'll kind of have some surprises, see what happens through the night."

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ryan MacDonald; The Fretless, an award-winning quintet of string
musicians, are playing at The Artful Dodger on Monday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Leader-Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                                 June 28, 2012

Millstreet Strings Fiddle group

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 151 words


THE Millstreet Strings Fiddle Group are taking part in the International Youth
Fiddle Camp at the North Atlantic Fiddle Convention in the City of Derry this
week.

Activities during the Youth Fiddle Camp include workshops with leading
international fiddle players and participation in the performance of a newly
commissioned fiddle piece by a noted traditional composer, Neil Martin.

The convention attracts musicians and dancers from Ireland, the UK, Norway,
Sweden, Finland, Denmark, the USA and Canada. Participants in the Millstreet
Strings are Bridelle Cronin, Emma Hickey, Sarah Dennehy, Muireann Murphy,
Alannah Barry, Kelly Murphy, Maura Buckley, Orla Kiely, Emer Twomey, Danny
O'Callaghan, Conor Daly and Darren Kiely.

Expertly conducted by Emer Twomey, the Strings Grouping perfomed traditional and
classical music in a number of recent recitals culminating with a performance at
Drishane Chapel.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   August 11, 2005 Thursday Michigan Edition

Can't be sad playing banjo

BYLINE: By DENISE PERRY DONAVIN; Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 651 words


BERRIEN SPRINGS -- Terri Pline sat strumming her banjo in Grove Park along the
St. Joseph River, preparing for the banjo contest at the sixth annual Shady
Grove Fiddle Fest.

Pline drove from Chicago to Berrien Springs Sunday to join other fiddlers,
banjo, mandolin and guitar players for a day of strumming and listening to
bluegrass, Celtic, Cajun, country, blues and old-time music.

"I only took up the banjo as a hobby about four years ago. It creates such happy
music," said Pline. "You cannot be sad when you play the banjo."

She happily played "Old Mother Flanagan" and "Great Big Taters in the Sandy
Land." She placed third in the Shady Hill competition two years ago and was
trying to improve her placement, but wound up in third again.

The talented Dan Gellert took first in banjo and placed first in the guitar and
band competitions as well.

The youthful Matt Scutchfield won in even more competitions than Gellert. In
pre-teen guitar he took a first; in banjo, third; mandolin, first; and fiddle,
third.

Prizes ranged from $300 for the first-place adult fiddler, who was Rick Willey,
to $15 for the second-place junior fiddler, under the age of 8, who was Hadassah
Schnepp. Judges are sequestered, with performers and bands introduced by numbers
to keep the judging impartial.

"When I took third place the first time, I was so excited that I never even
cashed the check for winning. It is $20 and I still have it, along with the
banjo pin and ribbon they gave out," said Pline.

"My co-workers, in a financial comptroller office, do not believe I do this. But
it is such a lot of fun to come out here. It is a different way of life than the
everyday business world of Chicago."

The Panning family band, Fiddle Fire, started off the day with an hour of
eclectic music from bluegrass to gypsy tunes to fiddling favorites, such as "Pop
Goes the Weasel."

Luke, Eve, Josiah and their parents, Roween and Dave, appeared last year and won
the band competition. This year the family from Holland, Mich., returned as paid
performers. The Pannings also ran a band workshop at the end of the day.

Emily Kutzner, 15-year-old fiddler, who won first place twice at Shady Grove (in
2004 and 2002) was also a paid performer at this year's fest. Kutzner played
Texas tunes on stage and ran a workshop on Irish fiddling. There are a series of
workshops on stringed instruments by talented musicians, who answer questions
and discuss the intricacies of their chosen set of strings.

The Shady Grove workshops are free for all levels of musicians to learn to play
music better and to meet others with similar musical interests. The general
public is encouraged to participate whether or not a participant has an
instrument.

Kutzner said, "The most exciting thing about the day is getting together with so
many people who love music. I really like the support of the crowd and how
friendly everyone is."

Mary Hagen, a member of the audience from South Bend, said, "It is such a
beautiful setting in this park off the St. Joe River. It's so nice to see so
much home-grown talent, and I like the way the young people are not all staged
at the beginning of the day. How each age group plays throughout the day, with
the professionals mixed in."

Her husband, John, agreed that it was a great way to see future talent.

The main stage hosted the day's competitions in fiddle, guitar, mandolin and
band interspersed with exciting performances by the Pannings, Knock, Knock,
Hoosiers and a group of 11 Irish musicians from the Academy of Irish Music of
Chicago. Admission was free but the setup for day's events and cash prizes for
competitors are paid for through donations and proceeds from an annual Fiddle
Fever at Andrews University Howard Performing Arts Center, often in March.

For more information, call (269) 471-4111 or visit the Web site at:

www.shadygrovefiddlefest.org.


LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Leslie Rach, 17, of Berrien Springs, pauses while practicing in Grove
Park prior to her turn in the Fiddle Fest banjo competition.  Tribune
Photo/DENISE PERRY DONAVIN; Fiddle Fest results Results of the Fiddle Fest
competition in Berrien Springs:  Fiddle   Over 18 years old --  Rick Willey,
first; Greg Schoff, second; Richard Whitfield, third  Age 14-18 --  Chloe Lewis,
first; Andrew Kutzner, second; Lucas Heller, third  Age 9-13 --  Breanna Wood,
first; Dustin Wood, second; Matt Scutchfield, third  Under 8 --  Erik Rumsa,
first; Hadassah Schnepp, second  Guitar   Over 18 --  Dan Gellert, first; Kevin
Lockhart, second  Age 14-18 --  Ashley Lerke, first; Iain Mason, second; Lucas
Heller, third  Pre-Teen --  Matt Scutchfield, first  Mandolin   Senior --  Jim
Cooper, first; Rick Willey, second; Dwayne Wesseling, third  Youth --  Matt
Scutchfield, first; Andrew Kutzner, second  Banjo   Senior --  Dan Gellert,
first; Greg Niles, second; Terri Pline, third  Youth --  Leslie Rach, first;
Mark Walker, second; Matt Scutchfield, third Band    Sponge Bob Evans, first;
Sugarfoot, second; Go Go Dog Trotters, third

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    April 9, 2005 Saturday Mishawaka Edition

MacMaster fiddles and dances night away at ND;
Celtic performer mixes traditional and contemporary

BYLINE: By ANDREW S. HUGHES; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A2; REVIEW

LENGTH: 488 words



SOUTH BEND -- At the University of Notre Dame's DeBartolo Center for the
Performing Arts on Friday night, Natalie MacMaster once again dazzled a local
audience with her mix of traditional and contemporary arrangements of Celtic
music based on the traditions of her native Cape Breton Island, Canada.

From beginning to end, MacMaster displayed an improved sense of showmanship and
musicianship from when she performed at South Bend's State Theatre in 1998. At
that concert, there was a moment where the energy and performance pivoted from
good to excellent. MacMaster didn't need a pivot moment Friday night: She walked
onstage already in excellent form and only got better from there.

MacMaster and her crack band treated the audience to a diverse selection of
tunes and songs, drawing from Cape Breton, Ireland, Scotland and the United
States for their sources and giving them arrangements that ranged from rural
piano-and-fiddle duets to full-on Celtic rock blasts.

MacMaster demonstrated speed on the fiddle, as with the hail of notes she
unleashed on her second-set solo piece, but she also played with emotional depth
at other times, as in the slight pause between two notes on one phrase during a
first-set slow air and her use of different angles with her bow to give the
sound a different texture on the same number. During a set of jigs, something as
simple as sliding into a note or a touch of vibrato gave her playing an
emotional edge that eludes many players in the traditional field.

As a performer, MacMaster moved all over the stage, often bringing the spotlight
to the position of a featured performer in her band. Of course, she also danced.

The first set featured a dance number by her, with drummer Miche Pouliot keeping
time for her and providing his own interesting embellishments.

The second set ended with MacMaster's signature combination of fiddle-and-dance
duet. While playing the fiddle, MacMaster kicked her legs, tapped backwards and
moonwalked in an amazing display of stamina and dexterity.

On several tunes, Matt MacIsaac's bagpipes provided a pleasant complement to
MacMaster's fiddle, and his second set-opening solo was jaw-dropping for its
command of tone and his technique.

MacMaster addressed the audience at various times during the concert. Her
comments included introductions to songs, some history of traditional music in
Cape Breton and a humorous story about applying for a Canadian government arts
grant to shoot a video for "The Appropriate Dipstick," a song from the recent
album "Blueprint."

To qualify for the grant, MacMaster had to write lyrics for the tune. They're
little more than a ditty about a dance at a wedding, but MacMaster's quick
delivery featured a wonderful tone and prompts one to wonder why she doesn't
sing more often. The instrumental version of "The Appropriate Dipstick" followed
and featured an impressive guitar solo by Brad Davidge.


LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              July 18, 2010 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Celtic fiddler Eileen Ivers delivers the reel stuff at Erie Canal Harbor

BYLINE: By Joe Sweeney - CONTRIBUTING REVIEWER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 569 words


When I hear the word "Celtic" these days, I think of "Celtic Thunder," a popular
Vegas-style Irish music revue that I happened to catch on PBS. The show involves
a group of rotating vocalists, singing adult contemporary arrangements of pop
hits with creepy smiles plastered on their faces. And other than the vague
brogues of the singers, the only purely Celtic element of "Celtic Thunder" that
I saw was some fiery fiddle playing. Just like a lot of contemporary country,
some purveyors of modern Irish music think that by throwing a fiddle in the mix,
they'll retain their old school cred.

I wonder how Eileen Ivers feels about that. The massively talented fiddle player
has all the laurels a performer of Irish music could want these days -- she's a
nine-time All-Ireland Fiddle Champion, and has played with The Chieftains and a
touring production of "Riverdance," for starters. And during her set Saturday
night at Erie Canal Harbor, she delivered the real stuff -- the jubilant jigs,
mournful ballads and percussive reels synonymous with the Celtic sound.

The Bronx native was an exuberant, crowd-pleasing performer, even though there
wasn't much of a crowd to please -- whether it was the fault of the weather or
the city's jam-packed event schedule, the venue was less than half full. "Let's
rock the harbor, Irish style!" she exclaimed after flying through an energetic
opening jig with her fantastic four-piece band. And rock she did, urging
rapid-fire passages out of her instrument with nuanced intensity. As the 16th
and 32nd notes flew from her bow into the twilight, a fusion of speed metal and
Celtic music didn't seem like such a silly idea -- if Ivers could attack an
electric guitar like that, she'd be in Slayer.

And to make things better, Ivers has surrounded herself with some wonderful
musicians. Lead singer/percussionist Tommy McDonnell doesn't look a thing like
Bill Withers, but man, does he sound like him. On the song "Reconciliation,"
which uses a couple's relationship as a metaphor for Irish political strife,
McDonnell's rich, soulful tone felt so right. Leo Traversa played one of the
most versatile bass solos I've ever seen, and Buddy Connolly attacked the
keyboards, accordion and flute with equal skill.

So when Ivers plugged in the electric violin for the tune "The Gravel Walk,"
wailing like Hendrix for the opening few bars, her band was up for the
challenge. But even during loud, energized moments like this, the music was
still clearly rooted in the sounds of the Irish countryside. Celtic thunder,
indeed.

Ivers was preceded by Cherish The Ladies -- the Menudo of all-female traditional
Irish bands. For the last 25 years, this touring group of up-and-coming Irish
music virtuosos has paired the sounds and stories of Ireland and Irish-American
immigrants with inspired musicianship. Led by the impressive flute and whistle
player Joanie Madden, this sextet (along with a trio of dancers, two of them
top-notch fiddlers) ripped through joyful instrumentals like "The Boat Took
Off'n" and "The Cat's Meow," as well as somber ruminations like "Galway" and
"John of Dreams." As Madden's solos fluttered like summer birdsongs and the rest
of the group fleshed out the centuries-old sounds of their forefathers, a sense
of reflective joy prevailed.

-----

>Concert Review

Eileen Ivers

With Cherish the Ladies. Saturday night as part of Buffalo Place Rocks the
Harbor, Erie Canal Harbor.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Adam Wolffbrandt/Buffalo News Violinist Eileen Ivers fiddles
ferociously during Buffalo Rocks the Harbor on Saturday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Concert Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            April 28, 2011 Thursday
                                  All Editions

Playing the fiddle for the feeling

BYLINE: Judy Harrison BDN Staff

SECTION: Pg. C6

LENGTH: 648 words


BANGOR -- The fiddles cried and the mandolin wept in a singular melancholy
moment.

"Okay, back to jigs," Jeffrey Silverstein said. "A one and a two."

Bows touched strings, fingers plucked out chords, but the players stumbled in a
false start. Silverstein, 50, of Bangor stopped his fellow musicians and counted
it down for them again.

The dance tune filled the Music Room of the James Doughty Middle School on Fifth
Street in Bangor and feet couldn't keep themselves from tapping out the beat.

Penobscot Fiddles practices most Mondays from 6:30 to 8 p.m. at the middle
school. The group will perform Saturday evening at the Bangor Grange Hall, 1192
Ohio St., in a fundraiser for Fiddle Camp scholarships.

Maine Fiddle Camp is held in June and August at Camp NEOFA, owned by the
Northeast Odd Fellow's Association.

While Silverstein is best known for the legal notes he hits in the courtroom as
a criminal defense attorney, his avocation is traditional music. He and his son,
Max Silverstein, 13, of Bangor have played at the Queen City's New Year's Eve
event, outside the performance venues at the American Folk Festival, in local
pubs and for residents of area nursing homes.

"It used to be that people would get together in kitchens and living rooms to
play and that's how this music lived," the lawyer said. "That's not happening in
this hyper-scheduled age."

So last fall, he formed Penobscot Fiddles. It was Jeff Silverstein's goal to
bring together a multi-generational group to play traditional music in sessions
similar to those held each summer night at the Maine Fiddle Camp in Montville.

"At Fiddle Camp, you're as likely to find a 67-year-old beginner as an
8-year-old beginner," Silverstein said. "One of the beauties of camp is that the
staff encourages all campers to get involved in performing. Anyone can get up on
stage in front of a very welcoming audience. It doesn't matter what level they
play at.

"Sometime ago, the idea was conceived to spread that good feeling in an effort
to build awareness about Fiddle Camp," he said. "We're taking the camper concert
on the road. There's been a Fiddlers Showcase in Waldo County for about five
years and there will be one in Hancock later this year."

Another goal was to bring together musicians that spanned generations. At
practice Monday, players ranged in age from 12 to 61.

Julia Vine, 12, of Bangor and Victoria Stillman, 13, of Carmel are home-schooled
but take violin lessons at the same Bangor studio Max does. While their focus
there is mainly on classical music, the girls separately decided they would like
to try a different kind of music.

"I've always thought [fiddle music] was pretty to listen to, now I get to play
it," Julia said. "And, if I make a mistake, it's easier to cover it up."

"I like that it's fast," Victoria said, "but the most challenging thing about
playing it is that it's fast."

Elizabeth Detwiler, 25, of Old Town has played the violin since she was 5 years
old. A student at the University of Maine majoring in anthropology, she joined
the group after seeing the Silversteins perform.

"This is the first time I've played with a group like this," Detwiler said
Monday. "I like it. There's less structure and more room for [improvisation]
than with classical music."

As for Saturday's concert, Penobscot Fiddles has been practicing tunes for the
show for several months. The music the group will play Saturday is
representative of those often played at contra dances and are common for the
genre, especially in the Northeast, according to Silverstein.

"These songs are works in progress," he said Monday. "They live and breathe from
week to week."


The 2011 Penobscot County Fiddler's Showcase will be held at 7 p.m., followed by
a contradance at 9 p.m., at the Bangor Grange Hall,1192 Ohio St. Admission will
be $10 per person or $30 for a family. For information, call 659-8041 or email
PenoscotFiddles@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Bangor Daily News

                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             August 5, 2007 Sunday

Fiddle about;
Fiddler's Picnic attracts 500 for some old time bluegrass.

BYLINE: Marty Crisp

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 474  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Tessie was more into green grass than bluegrass Saturday at the Old Time
Fiddlers Picnic at Lancaster County Central Park.

The 7-year-old Percheron/Paint was trailered to the park from Conestoga for a
riverside ride with owner Jennifer Chunko, 34, of Millersville.

"Tessie listens to music all the time in the barn where she's stabled, but this
is her first concert," Chunko said as the liver-and-white mare grazed near the
covered stage.

"I love the gritty, soulful sound of bluegrass, and I like coming to this kind
of small-town get-together thing."

It didn't turn out to be that small.

About 500 musicians and bluegrass fans turned out for an all-day concert by
volunteer groups such as the Spooky Hollow Ramblers, Summit Hill and Full
Circle.

Besides the main stage action, ad hoc groups of three to seven participated in
what's called "parkin' lot pickin' " in bluegrass lingo, making music with
guitar, banjo, fiddle, mandolin and bass. Satellite audiences formed around each
group to enjoy numbers such as "Leaning on the Everlasting Arms" and "Golden
Slippers."

Annie Hess, 9, of Brickerville, said she dreams of taking up the fiddle, but
she'd prefer to play Celtic fare. Isabella Lapp, 3, of Lancaster, said she'd
just as soon stick to "princess music."

It's the Celts - Irish, Scottish and English immigrants (no princesses) - who
put down the roots of this "mountain music" on early American farms. Eventually
enlivened by the beat of African rhythms, bluegrass is named for Kentucky, the
home state of its official founding father, Bill Monroe. In 1997, the late
Monroe was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame for his influence on
popular music.

It's an influence that produces legacy music, passed down through families.

"My grandpap taught me," said Bernie Patrick, 44, fiddling in the Amish straw
hat he wears whenever he visits Lancaster from his home near Pittsburgh. "It's
music that grows on you. It's happy music."

"I'd much rather be doing this than the classical stuff at school," confessed
Amy Kilby, 20, of Quarryville. A vocal major at Lebanon Valley College, Kilby
fiddles and sings with her dad's band, Bluegrace.

"I grew up with it," said Christian Reiff Jr. of Terre Hill, strumming an
acoustic guitar he'd just tuned with a digital tuner. "I like to sing and play,
and there's no better way."

"It's hip," joked Jacob Smucker, 53, playing with Reiff. "It must be. I'm part
hippie, and I play it."

"It's like therapy," suggested John King, 68, of Brownstown. "Instead of going
for a run, I grab my fiddle. It's my sport."

"It's not out there and easy to find, like other music," complained Liz McVey,
19, of Strasburg. The guitar-playing daughter of Fiddlers Picnic coordinator Ron
McVey is a sophomore at Messiah College.

"You can't turn the radio on and hear it. You have to go out of your way to find
it, or make your own."

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bernie Patrick of Derry near Pittsburgh saws out a tune on his fiddle.
Jack Leonard, Sunday News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             October 5, 2008 Sunday

Jim Garling

BYLINE: Bryan Painter, Columnist

SECTION: NEWSOK

LENGTH: 301 words


GUTHRIE - Jim Garling sits on the front porch of his Guthrie home strumming an
acoustic guitar to cowboy tunes and watching the red foxes run from the cover of
the trees across to the pond. This is retirement.

For more than 15 years, Jim and his wife Doris Garling owned the RV General
Store, an RV dealership in Norman. But for about four years, Garling was driving
from Norman to Guthrie once a week to teach fiddle and guitar lessons at the
Double Stop Fiddle Shop. Internationally-known musician Byron Berline has
brought a lot of music interest to Guthrie, and those interests often gather at
the Double Stop Fiddle Shop.

The Garlings thought, what if instead of driving to Guthrie, we move there?
About five years ago they did.

"Part of our retirement plan was to sell the dealership," Doris said. "We set it
up with the fellow who bought it that he'd make payments for at least 10 years.
And so we've had that income.

"And now he is buying out the property. We first sold the business portion of
it, just the stock and all of that stuff and then we kept the property. He was
paying us rent on the property and now he's buying the property."

Retirement is great. Garling has students ranging from age 5 to 70 and he does
shows both locally and in other states as he performs cowboy-era music and music
of the cowboy movie stars as well as more contemporary artists who reflect on
the cowboy life.

Garling has recorded three compact discs and he's performed at the Cheyenne
Cowboy Symposium in Wyoming and the Western Music Association Annual Meeting in
Albuquerque, New Mexico. Closer to home he's performed at the National Cowboy &
Western Heritage Museum in Oklahoma City. And at home, he's played to the
delight of friends, neighbors and a few red foxes.

"The Lord has blessed us," Jim Garling said.


LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: KNOW IT: RETIREMENT
A MONTHLY FOCUS ON TOPICS AND ISSUES THAT AFFECT OUR COMMUNITY

GRAPHIC: (Jim Garling)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             October 5, 2008 Sunday

Jim Garling

BYLINE: Bryan Painter, Columnist

SECTION: NEWSOK

LENGTH: 301 words


GUTHRIE - Jim Garling sits on the front porch of his Guthrie home strumming an
acoustic guitar to cowboy tunes and watching the red foxes run from the cover of
the trees across to the pond. This is retirement.

For more than 15 years, Jim and his wife Doris Garling owned the RV General
Store, an RV dealership in Norman. But for about four years, Garling was driving
from Norman to Guthrie once a week to teach fiddle and guitar lessons at the
Double Stop Fiddle Shop. Internationally-known musician Byron Berline has
brought a lot of music interest to Guthrie, and those interests often gather at
the Double Stop Fiddle Shop.

The Garlings thought, what if instead of driving to Guthrie, we move there?
About five years ago they did.

"Part of our retirement plan was to sell the dealership," Doris said. "We set it
up with the fellow who bought it that he'd make payments for at least 10 years.
And so we've had that income.

"And now he is buying out the property. We first sold the business portion of
it, just the stock and all of that stuff and then we kept the property. He was
paying us rent on the property and now he's buying the property."

Retirement is great. Garling has students ranging from age 5 to 70 and he does
shows both locally and in other states as he performs cowboy-era music and music
of the cowboy movie stars as well as more contemporary artists who reflect on
the cowboy life.

Garling has recorded three compact discs and he's performed at the Cheyenne
Cowboy Symposium in Wyoming and the Western Music Association Annual Meeting in
Albuquerque, New Mexico. Closer to home he's performed at the National Cowboy &
Western Heritage Museum in Oklahoma City. And at home, he's played to the
delight of friends, neighbors and a few red foxes.

"The Lord has blessed us," Jim Garling said.


LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: KNOW IT: RETIREMENT
A MONTHLY FOCUS ON TOPICS AND ISSUES THAT AFFECT OUR COMMUNITY

GRAPHIC: (Jim Garling)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Kentucky: Signature Series: Bluegrass Artists - Michael Cleveland & Flamekeeper
Free Tickets Required

LENGTH: 471  words

DATELINE: Frankfort


Campbell County Public Library, The State of Kentucky has issued the following
news release:

Signature Series: Bluegrass Artists - Michael Cleveland & Flamekeeper Free
Tickets Required

Online registration for this event is full.

Register on the waiting list.

Friday, September 19, 2014

7:00 PM - 8:00 PM

Newport Branch
Description

A nine-time winner of the International Bluegrass Music Association's Fiddle
Performer of the Year Award, Michael Cleveland brings dynamic traditional
bluegrass to the CCPL Signature stage with his award-winning band, Flamekeeper.

Cleveland is considered the premier bluegrass fiddler of his generation. He
began playing the fiddle when he was four years old in Henryville, Indiana. In
1993 he was chosen to be part of the Bluegrass Youth All Stars. Later that year
Mike made his Grand Ole Opry debut as a guest of Alison Krauss. His list of
guest appearances over the years is a who's who of bluegrass legends including
Bill Monroe, Jim and Jesse, and Ralph Stanley.

After high school Mike toured with Dale Ann Bradley and Coon Creek before
joining Rhonda Vincent and the Rage in 2000. At the 2001 IBMA awards, Mike took
his first Fiddle Performer of the Year award, and shared the title of
Entertainer of the Year with Rhonda Vincent and the Rage. In 2002 Mike rejoined
The Dale Ann Bradley Band.

Mike's first solo project as a Rounder recording artist, "Flame Keeper," was
released in February 2002 and was chosen the IBMA's Instrumental Album of the
Year. In 2004, Mike shared the Instrumental Album of the Year award with Tom
Adams for "Tom Adams and Michael Cleveland Live at the Ragged Edge," an album of
fiddle and banjo duets. That was followed in 2006 by a second solo project, the
award-winning "Let'Er Go, Boys!" and in 2008 by the first Michael Cleveland and
Flamekeeper CD, "Leavin' Town". The band's second CD, "Fired Up" was released in
March 2011.

Mike and his talented band, Flamekeeper, will present a program of tight vocal
trios and duos, blistering instrumentals, and fiddle-and-banjo duets that echo
the first-generation stars of bluegrass. The show will be rounded out with
Mike's dry wit and the band's sense of humor.

The event is free and open to the public; however, free tickets must be
requested in advance. Please phone 859.781.6166, ext. 31 to request your
tickets; or, click the link at the top of this description to request tickets
online.

Tickets requested after September 4 will not be mailed, but will be available at
the WILL CALL Desk - Newport Branch - on September 19, the evening of the event.

The Campbell County Public Library wishes to thank Comfort Suites Riverfront,
Newport, Kentucky for their partnership in helping to make this event possible.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 7, 2013 Sunday

Audience of 500 watches 14 fiddle around at contest

BYLINE: Danielle Trubow, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 703 words


July 07--An older, hunched-over woman hobbled onto a stage with her 22-year-old,
guitar-carrying companion Saturday. A classically trained violinist, this was
her first time competitively fiddling at Sauder Village in three years.

Meg Litteral plodded to center stage and held onto guitarist Gideon Eddy for
support. Then, she abruptly shed pillows hiding under her shirt, threw off her
hat, and caught the audience off guard.

She may have been a senior competitor, but Ms. Litteral doesn't appear to have
been slowed by age. At 55, she stomped her foot as she played an uplifting
hoedown and swayed to a subdued waltz. She was loose, energetic, and won the
senior division, which had three competitors. But most of all, the
fiddler-teacher said she was having fun.

Ms. Litteral of central Ohio's Fredericktown was one of 14 fiddlers fiddling for
fun at Saturday's 33rd Sauder Village Fiddle Contest.

For nearly two hours, students, seniors, and an open class of fiddlers played
five-minute sets of hoedowns and waltzes before an exhibit hall audience of
about 500.

Judges with more than 30 years combined fiddling and bluegrass experience rated
the contestants across five categories: for their technique, rhythm and timing,
difficulty of selection, tone quality, and showmanship and crowd appeal.

It's all about having fun, said two-time returning student champion Grant Flick,
14, of Bowling Green.

Grant, who has been playing the fiddle since his dad introduced him to bluegrass
when he was 10, did not decide which songs he would play until just before he
performed and took second in the open division. He said he practices 90 minutes
daily, often improvising with his dad on acoustic guitar.

Contestants arrived as early as 10 a.m. to practice and play for visitors in the
village before they made their way to the 1 p.m. competition at Founder's Hall.

Northwest Ohio and southeast Michigan's Fossil Creek Bluegrass warmed up the
contestants. Band member Dave Moore, who has been involved with the contest for
nearly 30 years, was also a judge.

Mr. Moore's family has played the fiddle in Ohio for generations. He said the
judges structured the rules to keep the competition old-fashioned and the old
music alive.

"They're all about the same age, so it's very competitive. I even had to rewrite
the rules: 'Try to have fun,' " he said.

In addition to the contest's 10 basic rules, Rule 11 says, "Have fun with your
fellow fiddlers and enjoy the day!"

Sarah Roberts, 17, of northeast Ohio's Wooster played fiddle with her sister
Rachel, 19, who played guitar. Sarah, who won fifth in the open division, said
she has been playing fiddle since she fell in love with its "old" sound four
years ago.

"It's lively and you can just hear the life in the music. You can feel the
moods. There's waltzes where some are slow and dreamy and there's the hoedowns
that are exciting, you can just feel the beat," she said.

Contestants' ages ranged from 9 to 69, including nine who were 18 or under. Mr.
Moore said he was pleased to see so many young fiddlers, but he was disappointed
in the senior turnout.

"The young don't have that continuity that I had when I was playing," he said.
"The old people used to take us under their arms and show us stuff. They were
real supportive. There's not as much of that now."

Brad Mularcik, 14, of northeast Ohio's Copley, won the student division. At 14,
he was the oldest of the division's four entrants.

The open division winner was Joe Lautzenheiser, 18, of North Lawrence, also in
northeast Ohio. It was the biggest division with seven entrants.

Although some walked away with more prize money than others, all won something
-- be it a trophy, ribbon, or "Sauder Bucks" to spend in the village.

And the audience appeared to love the contest. Diane Ferguson, of Belleville,
Mich., said she visited the village with her husband Thursday and returned with
their grandson Cooper, 10, to see the fiddlers play. Cooper marveled, "It was
really cool to see how fast they move their fingers."

Contact Danielle Trubow at: dtrubow@theblade.com, 419-724-6129, or on Twitter
@danielletrubow.

___ (c)2013 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130707-TO-HLT-Audience-of-500-watches-14-fiddle
-around-at-contest-0707-20130707

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2013 The Blade

                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                              July 17, 2006 Monday

Top fiddlers to teach in taransay tutorials

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 239 words


Taransay, made famous by the BBC's Castaway TV series, will play host this week
to fiddlers from around the world.

Fidhleirean Eilean an Fhraoich, a voluntary fiddle organisation from Lewis, has
organised five days of top-class fiddle tuition.

Tutors include Allan Henderson and Ian Macfarlane of Blazin' Fiddles, Alasdair
Whyte of Battlefield Band and special guest tutor Bridget Law from Colorado, in
the US, who has many notable musical accomplishments.

Ms Law was the Colorado state champion in 1995 and 2000, and in 2003 and 2005
was named the Wet Mountain Western Days champion.

Tutoring in Gaelic conversation throughout the week will be Sandra Mackay,
originally from Point.

Organiser Dolan Morrison said: "This is the largest group of tutors we have had
on Taransay and with so many different styles of fiddle music being taught, it
is a fantastic opportunity for the students to improve their skills.

"Fiddlers of all ages from the Hebrides will be joined by students from as far
afield as Australia, UK, Germany and a family of musicians from Texas, US."

He went on: "When they're not playing fiddle and ceilidhing the nights away, the
participants will have opportunity to learn Gaelic conversation, play shinty on
the machair, explore the island and learn its history from Harris-based
genealogists Bill and Chris Lawson."

To finish off the week, the group will lead a Friday night public ceilidh in
Tarbert Hall, on mainland Harris.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Aberdeen Press and Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Argus (Ireland)

                               September 21, 2011

Local musicians to feature on Comhaltas

SECTION:

LENGTH: 355 words


For audiences in North America the Echoes of Erin tour provides a fantastic
showcase for all that is best in Irish traditional music, song and dance. Top
class performers in all fields display the highest standards and regional styles
that have become synonymous with these events down through the years.

Performers include Oisín Morrisson from Dublin on the Harp, Breda Shannon from
Roscommon on the flute / concertina, Maura Walsh from Kerry on the fiddle and
concertina, Conor Moriarty from Kerry playing the button accordion and the
melodeon, Róisín ní Riain a singer from Kerry who will also be playing the
fiddle, Pádraic Keena from Westmeath playing the button accordion and singing,
Pádraig Donlon from Dundalk on the uilleann pipes, Paul McMahon from Louth on
the guitar and the piano accordion and Rhona Lynch from Offaly on the fiddle.

The dancers as part of the tour are Mark Nestor from Clare, Emma O'Sullivan from
Galways and Clare McDermott from Cavan.

Venues include Mineola in New York on October 11th, Middletown Arts Center in
New Jersey on October 12th, Edgerton Center for the Performing Arts on
Connecticut on October 13th, Waltham High School Boston on October 14th, Rome
Free Academy Auditorium in New York on October 15th, Erie Community College in
Buffalo New York on October 16th, The Breen Center for the Performing Arts in
Ohio on October 18th, The Summit Country Day School in Ohio on October 19th, The
Sheldon Concert Hall in St Louis on October 20th, Irish Cultural and Heritage
Center in Milwaukee on October 21st and finally in the Irish American Heritage
Center in Chicago on October 22nd.

The tour promises a feast of music with something to cater to everyone's taste,
be it connoisseurs or casual fans of traditional entertainment; there will be
plenty of Craic agus Ceoil.

Comhaltas Ceoltóirí Éireann, who is celebrating their 60th anniversary this
year, is the largest group involved in the preservation and promotion of Irish
traditional music. It is a nonprofit cultural movement with hundreds of local
branches around the world, which has been working for the cause of Irish music
since 1951.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             April 13, 2008 Sunday

Kansas born and bluegrass fedEXTRAORDINARY PEOPLE

SECTION: 60 MILES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 608 words


By Carolyn Kaberline

SPECIAL TO THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

When Diane Gillenwater first heard the Nitty-Gritty Dirt Band, she immediately
knew that was the kind of music she wanted to play. However, she faced a huge
problem: No one around here taught that kind of music.

"I had played the violin since I was 10 years old all through the Topeka school
system," Gillenwater said. "Then I started studying with Dr. Fetter at Washburn,
who was the founder of the Topeka Symphony. Through studying with him, I started
playing very young with the Topeka Symphony - I was about 14 or 15. I went to
Washburn with a Topeka Symphony scholarship."

While at Washburn, Gillenwater earned a bachelor's degree in violin performance.

However, when she announced she wanted to be a fiddler, people didn't know what
to think.

"My parents were both piano players, and my dad, whose mom lived in Arkansas, I
don't think was real respectful of that kind of music," she said. "I think he
felt it was sort of hillbilly. However, I love that type of music. I always
wanted to play something different.

"I bought my own guitar and started playing when I was 12. That's how I did the
folk music - through that guitar. I absolutely, then and to this day, love
traditional music. I don't know why. I didn't grow up around it. Nobody in my
family played that kind of music. ...

"It's just something that called to me. It's just a passion for that fiddle
sound that I just acquired from wherever."

Gillenwater went into teaching as a result of several requests for lessons after
performances with her bluegrass band, Pastense. Her clientele began to grow, and
soon, she had more than 30 students a week.

"Cally Krallman, my partner in the Kansas Song Project, was my first student and
my first failure," Gillenwater said with a laugh. "She really wanted to play
violin, but it just wasn't her instrument. Since then, I've never had one person
fail, although I have had some people that decided they didn't want to do that,
but it wasn't failing on their part. They found they just didn't have time."

Gillenwater said she has students of all ages, many of them adults.

"They never had time to play violin when they were growing up but always wanted
to. Some may also have played violin during school and now they want to learn
fiddle style. We learn to play old-time fiddle. We play bluegrass. We also play
some blues, some gypsy music, a little bit of everything.

"My heart is really in bluegrass music though."

Her expertise allowed her to win the Kansas fiddle championship in 1992. Since
then, she's been runner-up many times. Because she now has played the fiddle
longer than the violin, she considers herself to truly be a fiddler.

And even though there's no difference in the instruments, "People always ask me,
'What's the difference between a fiddle and a violin?'\u2009 I always tell them,
'No one cares if you spill beer on a fiddle,'\u2009" she said with a chuckle.

In addition to giving music lessons on the fiddle, guitar and mandolin in her
home, she gives lessons one day a week at Lawrence's Americana Music Academy,
which she describes as a nonprofit roots music school. She and her band also
play numerous country venues, often taking part in jam sessions.

Gillenwater said she is proud of her Kansas heritage, which is celebrated in
"Prairie Glimpses," the CD she co-produced with Cally Krallman.

"I'm a shameless self-promoter," she said. "I want to help people be proud
they're from Kansas. It's time people appreciate what they have. It's a
wonderful place. They need to be proud of their history."

Carolyn Kaberline is a freelance writer in Topeka.

She can be reached at ckaberli@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            November 10, 2006 Friday
                                Michigan Edition

How Carrie got her groove

BYLINE: By ANDREW S. HUGHES, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: WEEKEND; WEEKEND; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 414 words


When Carrie Rodriguez graduated from Boston's Berklee College of Music, she
moved back to her hometown of Austin, Texas, intending to get a job as the
fiddle player for a singer or songwriter.

She thought she had landed that, too, when Chip Taylor asked her to join his
band in 2001.

Funny how much life can change in five years.

Taylor, who wrote The Troggs' "Wild Thing" and Merilee Rush's "Angel of the
Morning," became Rodriguez's mentor and musical partner.

In August, Rodriguez released her first solo album, "Seven Angels on a Bicycle,"
which Taylor co-produced and plays acoustic guitar on.

"It's been a slow process to get used to it," she says by telephone from her
home in Brooklyn, N.Y., about singing and, later, songwriting.

"The first year, I was nervous with it and it was hard to get used to it. I kept
thinking, 'I'm not a singer, and yet I've made this record.' "

With jazz guitarist Bill Frisell on electric guitar, drummer Kenny Wilson's use
of brushes on several tracks and Rodriguez's husband, Javier Vercher, on
saxophone, "Seven Angels on a Bicycle" is as much a jazz record highlighted by
Rodriguez's alto voice as it is a country-Americana album that features pedal
steel guitarist Greg Leisz.

Rodriguez started playing the violin at 5 and spent her freshman year of college
in Oberlin College Conservatory of Music as a classical violinist.

"I had been interested in folk music in Austin because it was around me all the
time," she says. "I tried to play fiddle tunes, but I wasn't good at it. Then I
got to Oberlin and realized I didn't want to do that. It's a beautiful
experience to play in an orchestra, but there isn't a lot of freedom. You're at
the mercy of the conductor and the notes on the page."

Rodriguez transferred to Berklee, which specializes in contemporary music, and
learned to play bluegrass, country and other forms of fiddle music.

"I think the one thing that all kinds of fiddle music have in common is groove,
the sense of rhythm in the tunes that drives the music," she says. "That's the
one thing in classical music that they don't teach because it's such a linear
type of music and it's all about the melody. I felt like when I started playing
fiddle music it took me years to get that groove."

Rodriguez eventually did, as she demonstrates on the bluegrass toe-tapper "Never
Gonna Be Your Bride" on her album.

"It's almost like trance music," she says of that style. "Once you get inside
that groove, it's really a wonderful thing to be part of."

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           January 13, 2007 Saturday
                                 First Edition

The bridge from jigs to jazz;
FIDDLE

BYLINE: BRUCE ELDER

SECTION: SPECTRUM; Arts & Entertainment; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 538 words


Martin Hayes creates a fresh take on traditional Irish music.

SOME INSTRUMENTS seem designed to polarise audiences. There appears to be no
ground for mild indifference when it comes to accordions, bagpipes, tin
whistles, fiddles: you love them or hate them.

To many people an evening of Irish fiddle music is the 10th circle of Hell - the
one that, if he had spent a night in an Irish pub with some mad fiddler in the
corner scraping out jigs and reels, Dante would certainly have included in his
dark taxonomy.

Yet when people talk about Martin Hayes, surely the greatest Irish fiddle player
on the planet, there seems to be universal agreement that here, along with his
long-term musical partner, guitarist Dennis Cahill, is one of the wonders of the
musical world. Even those who decry Irish fiddle music inevitably surrender, in
open-mouthed amazement, to his transcendentally beautiful playing.

The secret: Hayes has a sublime lyrical and melodic sensibility that transforms
all that jiggety-jig scraping into heartbreaking musical washes of the deepest
melancholy and moments of sheer, sparkling exuberance.

To Hayes aficionados this is hardly news. Since he started playing fiddle at the
age of seven, Hayes has won All-Ireland Champion six times and he has been
described as "the most important individual musician in Ireland today" (eat your
heart out, Bono). The New York Times once favourably compared the work of Hayes
and Cahill to Miles Davis's Sketches of Spain.

For decades Hayes has lived in Seattle, though he still spends most of his time
playing in Ireland and Europe. "These days it doesn't really matter where you
live," he says. His reason for living in Seattle is no more complex than it is
the home of his wife and stepson.

But, in spite of this physical distance from his roots, Hayes is still
essentially a Clare fiddler. He comes from a musical family: both his father,
P.J. Hayes, and his uncle, Paddy Canny, were famous fiddlers. Inevitably, he
absorbed the slow, lyrical tradition of Clare fiddle playing from an early age.
He also developed a profound love for what he has called "those little gems of
melody" that reflect "the struggles and the joys of life". It is the combination
of these forces, and a deep understanding of traditional Irish culture, that
makes Hayes's music so distinctive.

He has worked with Dennis Cahill, an American-born guitarist, since the early
'80s. "I met Dennis and there was an immediate rapport," Hayes says. "My love of
melody seemed to fit seamlessly with Dennis's ability to explore harmony and
rhythm."

Over two decades the two musicians, one deeply traditional and the other steeped
in classical and jazz, have evolved into more than just an Irish fiddler and a
American guitarist. They have such a level of unspoken musical understanding,
and such a wealth of natural virtuosity, that they play with all the
improvisational brio of two jazz masters. As Hayes says: "Our allegiance is to
the spirit of the moment. Our primary wish is that the musical experience be one
that lifts our spirits and those of the audience." And that is what happens
every time they play.

Martin Hayes and Dennis Cahill play the City Recital Hall on Thursday as part of
the Sydney Festival.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Martin Hayes (left) and Dennis Cahill.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                           October 10, 2015, Saturday

THINGS TO DO Today

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 486 words


Music

JOE DOBBS MEMORIAL CONCERT: 6 to 9 p.m., Culture Center, State Capitol Complex.
Event is hosted by fiddler Bobby Taylor, with whom Dobbs often played two
fiddles. A pre-show jam session will be held from noon to 4 p.m. at Dobbs' music
store, Fret n Fiddle, 809 Pennsylvania Ave., St. Albans. Refreshments served at
the jam. Call Fret n Fiddle at 304-727-722-5212. Those who would like to speak
or play at the Culture Center event, call 304-546-7175.

A SOFT DAY'S NIGHT: 7 p.m. Free. Unplugged Beatles songs. Bluegrass Kitchen,
1600 Washington St., E. Call 304-346-2871.

GLENVILLE STATE COLLEGE BLUEGRASS BAND with RALPH STANLEY II: 7 p.m. Adults $10.
Children and under free. Glenville State College Fine Arts Auditorium,
Glenville. Call 304-462-6340.

NORFOLK AND SOUTHERN: 7 p.m. Adults $5. Children $3. Jerry Run Summer Theater,
Rte. 20, 1.5 mi. north Holly River State Park. Cleveland. Call 304-493-6574.

MIXX: 7 to 10 p.m. Admission $10. Marmet Recreation Center, 8500 MacCorkle Ave.
Call 304-949-9692.

NU-BLU: 7:30 p.m. Adults $15. Seniors $12. Children 12 and under $5. Mountaineer
Opry House, Exit I-64, Milton. Call 304-743-5749.

RENEGADE MARY: 8 p.m. Free. Roni's Pizza, 109 Credes Landing, Elkview. Call
304-955-2592.

THE KING BEES: 7:30 p.m. Advance tickets $12. At the door $15. The Raleigh
Playhouse and Theater, 403 Neville St., Beckley. Call 304-222-2536.

RECYCLE: 7 p.m. Cover $6. West Side Jamboree, corner of Tennessee Ave. and
Randolph St. Call 304-419-1902.

Stage/Theater

"A MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM : 8 p.m. Adults $15. Students and seniors $10. Alban
Arts Center, 65 Olde Main St., St. Albans. Call 304-721-8896.

"MARY POPPINS : 7:30 p.m. Tickets $25. Co-presented with Charleston Light Opera
Guild. The Clay Center, One Clay Square. Call 304-561-3570.

"THE TRAGEDY OF HAMLET : 7:30 p.m. Adults $27. Seniors $24. Students and
children $20. Greenbrier Valley Theater, 113 East Washington St., Lewisburg.
Call 304-645-3838.

GRANDMA LEE: 7 and 9 p.m. Admission $10. The Comedy Zone, Holiday Inn, 400
Second Ave., South Charleston. Call 304-414-2386 or visit
www.comedyzonecharleston.com

Dance

OLD TIME DANCE: 7 p.m. Suggested donation $5. Newcomers and youth under 12 Free.
Music by Ricochet. Caller Cindy Harris. Sponsored by FOOTMAD. Columbia Gas
Transmission Auditorium, 1700 MacCorkle Ave. SE. Call 304-729-4382.

DANCE: 5 p.m. Cover $3. Music by the Stan McDaniel Band. The Hansford Center,
500 Washington St., St. Albans. Call 304-722-4621.

Fairs/festivals

PRATT FALL FESTIVAL: 9:30 a.m. to 7 p.m., Pratt Elementary School grounds.
Parade kicks off at 9:30 a.m. with lineup at 9 a.m. at the Pratt Municipal
Building. Edsel the Magician performs at 11:30 a.m. and Cody Wickline at 5 p.m.
Pumpkin decorating, inflatables for kids, food, crafts, games and more.

MORGAN'S KITCHEN FALL FESTIVAL: will be held from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday at
Morgan's Kitchen Museum, located along MacCorkle Avenue in St. Albans.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers

                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           February 10, 2011 Thursday

Lucky Seven: Guitar-fiddle duo at Rio Grande Theatre, Buckhorn

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 263 words


Randy Sabien and Mike Dowling - two eclectic, easy-going musicians - have been
playing together for nearly 20 years. The duo produced a live CD, "Live at the
Caf? Carpe," in the mid 90s. This weekend, they'll visit southern New Mexico for
the first time, performing Friday at the Rio Grande Theatre and Saturday at the
Buckhorn Saloon and Opera House in Pinos Altos.

Dowling, called "one of the finest guitar players there is, anywhere," by fiddle
great Vassar Clements, is a versatile musician who has produced eight CDs, has
appeared on dozens of other artists' recordings, and has had his compositions
recorded by such luminaries as Emmylou Harris, Tim O'Brien and Del McCoury. The
Wyoming resident is also a teacher, known for guiding musicians at festivals and
workshops from coast to coast.Sabien is violinist and fiddle player who founded
the jazz string program at the prestigious Berklee College of Music in Boston in
1977. His career has resulted in 10 CDs, frequent appearances on "A Prairie Home
Companion" and "Austin City Limits" and lots of teaching. In 2010, Sabien was
named the head of the string department at the McNally Smith College of Music in
St. Paul, Minn., near his home in northern Wisconsin.

Friday's performance at the Rio Grande Theatre will begin at 7:30 p.m. Tickets
are available at Hubbard's Music -N-More, Enchanted Gardens or by calling Marc
at (575) 571-7435.

Saturday's show at the opera house starts at 7 p.m. and tickets are available at
Leyba and Ingalls Arts, Gila Hike and Bike (both in Silver City), or by calling
Marc at (575) 571-7435.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Randy Sabien, top, and Mike Dowling

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday
                                  WEST EDITION

HE TEACHES MOON AREA STUDENTS TO MAKE THEIR FIDDLES 'TALK FUNNY';
FORMER MCKEESPORT RESIDENT IS ON TOUR WITH COUNTRY STAR ALAN JACKSON

BYLINE: Sonja Reis

SECTION: METRO; Pg. W-5

LENGTH: 620 words


Musician Ryan Joseph Ogrodny admits to talking kind of funny. His
not-quite-southern accent stems from being a Pittsburgh transplant living in
Nashville, where he initially took a job operating elevators at the Country
Music Hall of Fame.

In just six years, the former McKeesport resident went from "pressing an
elevator button to playing with Alan Jackson."

Prior to his current gig touring with music legend Mr. Jackson as a harmony
vocalist and fiddle and mandolin player, he performed on TV and awards shows and
with dozens of country and bluegrass performers, including Billy Ray Cyrus and
Vince Gill.

"It all seems so larger than life," he said. "It just amazes me that I've had
the opportunity to do what I have."

He grew up learning to play fiddle from his grandfather, first picking up the
bow at age 2½.

By age 11, he was appearing on "Live with Regis and Kathie Lee," singing and
playing several instruments including fiddle, sax, guitar, bass and piano.

In 2004, he and members of his family's polka band, Henny and the Versa J's,
were nominated for a Grammy.

Known on the Nashville scene by his first and middle name, Ryan Joseph was at
Moon Area schools this week teaching orchestra students how to make their
stringed instruments "talk funny," too.

In his world, violins and violas are referred to as fiddles, and cellos are
known as the big fiddles.

In preparation for the annual all-district music concert performed by band,
orchestra and choral musicians in grades 4-12, Mr. Joseph taught orchestra
students improvisational styles, including how to play by ear, the shuffle bow
stroke, a chopping technique for use as a percussion replacement, and how to
read the Nashville Number System, an informal number system used to transcribe
music. The system was invented in the 1950s for The Jordanaires, who sang vocal
background for Elvis Presley.

Mr. Joseph, 28, spent two days with the orchestra students practicing "Cotton
Eye Joe," an American folk song that the students performed with him Tuesday
during a concert titled Americana: Celebrating the Impact and Influence of
American Music and Composers.

"We learned a lot of different ways to use the bow, different techniques and
styles," said Tyler Farr, 14, a cello player who said he found Mr. Joseph's
story inspirational.

Mr. Joseph told the students of his own inspirational moment when he was 10
years old and saw fiddle player and classical violinist Mark O'Connor perform
Ervin T. Rouse's 1938 piece "Orange Blossom Special" while tooling around the
stage on a skateboard. At that moment, he said, he knew what he wanted to do
with his life, although being "kind of a klutz" he decided to forgo the
skateboard.

Mr. Joseph demonstrated the fiddle tune, often called simply "The Special,"
which emulates the sounds of the wheels and whistles of a traveling train
created through breakneck playing by the fiddler. The students, who were holding
their instruments, applauded his performance by stamping their feet.

"No matter what you want to do in life, it's possible," he told the students.

A Duquesne University graduate and former classmate of Amanda Neville, who
teaches orchestra at Moon Area Middle School, Mr. Joseph came to the Moon Area
district during Music in Our Schools Month to help the students broaden their
musical horizons.

"Not just Bach, Beethoven and Vivaldi," said Mrs. Neville, who said her students
try many different genres, including rock, jazz and bluegrass.

Mr. Joseph moved to Nashville in 2007 to pursue his country music passion after
the death of his father. His mother, Diane "Dee-Dee" Ogrodny, accompanied him
there and continues to work at the Country Music Hall of Fame.

Sonja Reis, freelance writer: suburbanliving@post-gazette.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Rebecca Droke/Post-Gazette: Keira Wood, 13, looks on as fiddler
Ryan Joseph applauds her improvisational skills during a workshop on fiddle
playing for orchestra students at Moon Area Middle and High School Monday, March
3, 2014. Mr. Joseph, a Grammy-nominated artist, introduced the students to the
basic elements of fiddle playing.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

West Virginia: Two chances to enjoy the musical poetry reading, Oct. 21 and 22.

LENGTH: 577 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Charleston: West Liberty University, The State of West Virginia has issued the
following news release:



 The Hughes Lecture Series welcomes musician and poet Doug Van Gundy in a
performance at 11 a.m., Wednesday, Oct. 21. The event will be held in the Alumni
Room of the College Union and is free and open to the public.





 &ldquo;We are pleased to bring such a talented poet, musician and professor to
campus and invite everyone to join us for his rousing performance,&rdquo; said
English professor, Dr. Peter Staffel, who is also the chairman of the Hughes
Lecture Series.



 Van Gundy will also perform at 7 p.m., Thursday, Oct. 22 at the Wheeling
Artisan Center, 1400 Main St.



 Van Gundy teaches in both the BA and MFA writing programs at West Virginia
Wesleyan College. His poems, essays and reviews have appeared in The Oxford
American, Poems & Plays, Ecotone, Appalachian Heritage, Waccamaw and Poetry
Salzburg Review. He is currently co-editing an anthology of contemporary writing
from West Virginia for WVU Press and working on his second book of poems,
tentatively titled, &ldquo;No Dog Inside.&rdquo;

 Doug Van Gundy and his fiddle.



 Doug Van Gundy and his fiddle.



 Growing up in Elkins, West Virginia, Van Gundy was exposed to a wide range of
music through the Augusta Heritage Center at Davis and Elkins College. He
abandoned playing rock and roll in 1993 to study fiddle with the late Mose
Coffman of Greenbrier County through the National Endowment for the Humanities
folk arts apprenticeship program of the Augusta Heritage Center.



 Since that time he has played throughout the northeast and upper Midwest with
Dwight Diller, Melvin Wine, and in The Yahoes, with Paul Gartner and Pam Lund.
Currently, he performs as a solo act and with Paul Gartner in the duo Born Old.



 His playing is influenced by the Hammons Family and Central-West Virginia
fiddlers Wilson Douglas, Ward Jarvis and French Carpenter, and focuses on the
fiddle styles and repertoire particular to east-central West Virginia. He has
taught through the Augusta Heritage Workshops on numerous occasions as well as
at other workshops in New Hampshire, Michigan, Massachusetts, New York and
Canada. Doug has two recordings currently available, Born Old with banjo player
Paul Gartner, and Two Far Gone with fellow fiddler Jake Krack.



 Doug's fiddling can also be heard on albums by Dwight Diller, Peter Kosky and
Glen Simpson. His music has also been featured on Swedish public television, a
commercial for ABC-TV, the Outdoor Life Network, and The Crook & Chase Show on
the Nashville Network. He has performed at The Kennedy Center, The Oldsongs
Festival, Hostos Community College of NYU in The Bronx, The Appalachian String
Band Festival at Clifftop, WV and The Calliope Emerging Legends Concert Series
in Pittsburgh, PA, among others.



 He and his wife Melissa live in Elkins, West Virginia.



 The Hughes Lecture Series was begun in the 1970s by former WLU professor, Dr.
Raymond Grove Hughes, a beloved teacher who joined West Liberty in 1931. Thanks
to his endowment, the series has brought a wide range of speakers to the
University, including: Dr. Ralph Abernathy, confidant of Dr. Martin Luther King,
Jr.; Eugene McCarthy, U. S. Senator and presidential candidate in 1968; and John
Simon, noted film critic and West Virginia writer and NASA scientist Homer
Hickam.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              July 3, 2015 Friday

Fiddlin' around

BYLINE: By Suzanne M. Brazil, Daily Herald Correspondent

SECTION: TIMEOUT; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 744 words


Back in 2013, architect Jose Hernandez called his neighbor Fred Robinson,
interrupting him while he was mowing with a riding lawn mower, to ask if he
would be interested in sharing the expense of a small copper still. After some
trial and error, they hit on a delicious bourbon recipe. And their hobby soon
turned into Copper Fiddle Distillery on Route 22 in Lake Zurich, where a growing
interest in locally sourced, small-batch liquor production has paid off for both
entrepreneurs.

Motif: The main entrance opens onto the tasting area. Edison lights in Ball jars
descend from the exposed ceiling over a wood-and-marble topped bar, and a large
TV faces the room on a diagonal from the corner. Four whiskey barrels each
support a round table top with seating for four on comfortable, leather stools.
A long table in the middle seats an additional four to six patrons. Copper
kettles and rustic signage complement the upscale retail space, which includes
shelving for merchandise ranging from monogrammed flasks and copper mugs to
T-shirts, hats and product samples.

A picture window and door to the production/entertainment area in back provides
a view of the 145-gallon, solid copper still and black mash tanks. With a
smattering of mismatched barrels and tables, vintage stools and a 10-foot
refurbished church pew, this room offers a relaxed, casual space for live
entertainment and provides the backdrop for scheduled tours showcasing the
distilling process.

Food: Like many microbreweries and distilleries in the area, food can be ordered
in. The bar provides an extensive book of menus from area restaurants. Fresh
popcorn is free, plentiful and addictive.

Liquid consumption: The main attractions are the bourbon and gin produced in
small batches on-site with locally sourced, non-GMO grains from the Midwest. The
Fiddle Gin received a Silver Medal from the American Distilling Institute Craft
Spirits Competition in Louisville, Kentucky, this March. Last month, The Fifty
Best awarded a Gold Medal to the Tom Gin in a blind taste test.

For gin and bourbon lovers, the product is served in generous pours in pre-iced
glasses or in small samplers. Don't worry if your palate prefers other flavors.
Their experienced mixologist, Travis Livengood, listened to us describe our
favorite drinks and then whipped up specialties for two of us using the liquor
produced on-site as a base. Robinson says that, by law, they can only serve the
alcohol they make.

The mysterious Red, White and Blue was served in a tall tumbler with each
colored layer offering a different flavor ranging from tangy tropical to
refreshing citrus. Stirring the concoction brought out yet more flavors common
in rum, tequila and vodka-based cocktails. The drinks were as pretty to look at
as they were delicious to try and figure out.

Watching Livengood slice and caramelize fresh ginger for his special Montana
Mule -- before lighting the whole thing on fire and pouring it perfectly into a
copper mug -- was better than any episode on the Food Network. He entertains
with stories as he's dazzling you with the cocktail shaker.

The cocktails were a bargain at $8 each and almost double the size you'd expect
to receive when ordering on the rocks. We purchased some hand-bottled bourbon
for a gift.

Crowd: Most everyone was casually dressed for the warm summer evening wearing
shorts, sandals, etc. You'll often see people more dressed up as they host
business events and the after-dinner set. The crowd ranged from young 20s to
late 50s.

Music: Live music is offered every Friday and Saturday night and ranges from
country bands to duos and rock 'n' roll.

The third Thursday of every month is open mic night. The Petries, a popular
husband and wife duo, host the event and, according to Robinson, many of Copper
Fiddle's regular bookings come from acts that first performed on open mic night.

Service: The customer service was a highlight of the evening. We asked a lot of
questions and felt the overall atmosphere to be welcoming, inclusive and
comfortable. Livengood lavished his considerable bartending and conversational
skills on everyone present. Co-owner Hernandez made an appearance and spoke with
several patrons as well.

Parking: There are plenty of free spots around the corner behind the building
and across the street.

Overall: The Copper Fiddle offers a unique setting for drinks before or after
dinner, and a fun, easy spot to enjoy quality live music without battling the 2
a.m. bar crowd.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Bartender Travis Livengood mixes up
what he calls a Firecracker at the Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich.
Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Bartender Travis Livengood mixes up what he
calls a firecracker at the Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich. Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Bartender Travis Livengood mixes up what he calls a
Firecracker at the Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich. Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Bartender Travis Livengood mixes up what he calls a
Firecracker at the Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich. Bartender Travis
Livengood mixes up what he calls a firecracker at the Copper Fiddle Distillery
in Lake Zurich.Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Copper Fiddle Distillery's
firecracker features gin, pineapple juice, coconut juice, Grenadine and
blue-infused moonshine. Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Copper Fiddle
Distillery's firecracker features gin, pineapple juice, coconut juice, Grenadine
and blue-infused moonshine.Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Gin is one of the
liquors made at the Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich. Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Gin is one of the liquors made at the Copper Fiddle
Distillery in Lake Zurich.Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com The Jacked Up
Montana Mule at the Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich includes bourbon,
lime juice and ginger beer. Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com The Jacked Up
Montana Mule at the Copper Fiddle Distillery includes bourbon, lime juice and
ginger beer.Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Bartender Travis Livengood cooks
a slice of fresh ginger in bourbon as he makes his Jacked Up Montana Mule at the
Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich. Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com
Bartender Travis Livengood cooks a slice of fresh ginger in bourbon as he makes
his Jacked Up Montana Mule at the Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich.Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Bartender Travis Livengood cooks a slice of fresh
ginger in bourbon for a drink at the Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich.
Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Bartender Travis Livengood cooks a slice of
fresh ginger in bourbon for a drink at the Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake
Zurich.Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Bartender Travis Livengood, left, and
owners Fred Robinson and Jose Hernandez serve up handcrafted cocktails at the
Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich. Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com
Bartender Travis Livengood, left, and owners Fred Robinson and Jose Hernandez
serve up handcrafted cocktails at the Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake
Zurich.Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Co-owners Jose Hernandez, left, and
Fred Robinson put together the bourbon still at the Copper Fiddle Distillery in
Lake Zurich. Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Co-owners Jose Hernandez, left,
and Fred Robinson put together the bourbon still at the Copper Fiddle Distillery
in Lake Zurich.Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Spices go into making gin at
the Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich. Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com
Spices go into making gin at the Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich.Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Co-owner Jose Hernandez labels bourbon bottles at
the Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich. Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com
Co-owner Jose Hernandez labels bourbon bottles at the Copper Fiddle Distillery
in Lake Zurich.Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com The Copper Fiddle Distillery
in Lake Zurich serves up spirits created on-site. Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com The Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich serves
up spirits created on-site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                    August 9, 2001 Thursday Ontario Edition

Young fiddler making mark

BYLINE: Greg Quill

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. G05

LENGTH: 501 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Exceptional versatility includes step dancing

Fiddle players don't have it easy.

Precious few of the very best can make a decent enough living as session
musicians, serving up licks on country and folk music recordings, or touring
with bands that can afford what is often considered luxury accompaniment.

Others occasionally find work in symphony orchestras, provided they have
adequate classical music training, or hook up with one of those ubiquitous
pseudo-Celtic, choreographed step-dancing/fiddle ensembles that are the legacy
of Riverdance and its variants.

And once in a blue moon a fiddler of exceptional ability and versatility - like
Ottawa Valley's April Verch - simply demands to be heard.

Graceful, forceful, eloquent, well-versed in the traditional styles of her
instrument, Verch is no gizmo-driven whizbang kid bent on reshaping the
parameters of fiddle music, no fusionist reinventing the form. Verch is
unashamedly a folk artist who, at 23 and with no fewer than four CDs to her
credit, has found appreciative audiences.

All over North America she's a staple of the festival and folk-club circuit, and
was a featured performer at the Millennium Celebrations at the Kennedy Center in
Washington last year

She's also popular in Europe for her kinetic, no-nonsense command of the fiddle
styles of Quebec, the Appalachians, Eastern Europe, even Brazil, as well as the
"old-time" strains of her home region in Canada.

Verch and her band - percussionist Marc Bru, guitarist Clint Pelletier and
pianist Kimberley Holmes - are bringing their rich fiddle broth to Allen's pub
(143 Danforth Ave.) Tuesday night and to the Owen Sound Festival the following
weekend.

"I grew up on the music of Graham Townsend and Don Messer, " Verch says from a
gas-station pit stop somewhere on the road from Boston to Portland, Maine. "In
Pembroke, if you played the fiddle, theirs was the music you played. But I've
learned the nuances of other styles - fiddle music is incredibly diverse.

"Not that everyone knows the difference. At some of the festivals we do,
particularly bluegrass festivals in the U.S., the people in the audience are
almost all accomplished fiddlers with a deep understanding of regional styles.

Other places they've heard very little fiddle, and you just have to win them
over, explain things as you go.

"I write a lot of my own material as well, and would like to include more in our
show. But you need the traditional material to satisfy the fiddle purists."

Verch's most recent CD, Verch-uosity, produced in Toronto by veteran folk
musician Paul Mills and released on the prestigious U.S. roots label, Rounder
Records, is testament to the young musician's manifold talents except one - she
has recently added step dancing to her stage repertoire.

"It's part of the tradition where I grew up," says Verch, who studied at the
Berklee School of Music in Boston. "And it adds something that a lot of fiddle
players don't have.

"At most of the festivals we play, we're the act that's different."


LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: APRIL VERCH

                  Copyright 2001 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                                  May 17, 2012

Students to perform at Drishane concert

SECTION:

LENGTH: 149 words


A FIDDLE concert with "strings" takes place in Drishane Church on Friday, June
1st commencing at 8pm. The young people involved come from the Millstreet area
and are students of Millstreet Community School.

They convened as a fiddle group last September under the direction of Emer
Foley.

The group will be taking part in an International Youth Fiddle Camp at the North
Atlantic Fiddle Convention which is being held City of Derry from June 27- 30.

Activities during the Youth Fiddle Camp will include workshops with leading
international fiddle players and participation in the performance of a newly
commissioned fiddle piece by a noted traditional composer Neil Martin and
performance.

The convention attracts musicians and dancers from around the North Atlantic
such as Ireland, the UK, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Denmark, the USA and Canada.

Admission to the Drishane Church concert is EUR5.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2017 Saturday

Ohio: Making the World a Better Place With Just a Bit More Banjo and Fiddle

LENGTH: 274  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Ohio Tourism department has issued the following news release:



  Making the World a Better Place With Just a Bit More Banjo and Fiddle

 Event Overview



 Music from The Western Reserves 34th season Hear Every Moment presents The
Cleveland Bluegrass Orchestra on Sunday February 12th It has been said that The
Cleveland Bluegrass Orchestra is the most exclusive bluegrass ensemble in the
world The vetting process is rigorous First you must play an instrument in The
Cleveland Orchestra Second you must be willing to play a different instrument in
The Cleveland Bluegrass Orchestra Third and this is key you must believe that
the world would be a better place with just a little bit more banjo and fiddle
If at least one of those descriptions applies to you join Trina Struble fiddle
Mark Dumm banjo Jeff Zehngut mandolin sax Henry Peyrebrune guitar and Derek
Zadinsky bass for an evening of undiluted genre blending toe tapping joy Concert
venue Christ Church Episcopal 21 Aurora Street Hudson Concert time 5 00 pm
Single Tickets 18 go on sale September 1 2016 Students Admitted FREE Tickets may
be purchased at The Learned Owl in Hudson and at the door on concert night Post
concert meet the artist reception immediately following the concert For more
information www mftwr org or 330 840 8429

 Event Details

 Dates:



 Sun, Feb. 12, 2017

 Hours:



     05:00pm - 08:00pm



 Listing Address:

 21 Aurora Street

 Hudson,

 United States

 Phone Numbers:

 330-840-8429

 Event Type:

 Music - Orchestra/Symphony

 Rates:



     Highest: $18.00



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday

Ohio: Making the World a Better Place With Just a Bit More Banjo and Fiddle

LENGTH: 274  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Ohio Tourism department has issued the following news release:



  Making the World a Better Place With Just a Bit More Banjo and Fiddle

 Event Overview



 Music from The Western Reserves 34th season Hear Every Moment presents The
Cleveland Bluegrass Orchestra on Sunday February 12th It has been said that The
Cleveland Bluegrass Orchestra is the most exclusive bluegrass ensemble in the
world The vetting process is rigorous First you must play an instrument in The
Cleveland Orchestra Second you must be willing to play a different instrument in
The Cleveland Bluegrass Orchestra Third and this is key you must believe that
the world would be a better place with just a little bit more banjo and fiddle
If at least one of those descriptions applies to you join Trina Struble fiddle
Mark Dumm banjo Jeff Zehngut mandolin sax Henry Peyrebrune guitar and Derek
Zadinsky bass for an evening of undiluted genre blending toe tapping joy Concert
venue Christ Church Episcopal 21 Aurora Street Hudson Concert time 5 00 pm
Single Tickets 18 go on sale September 1 2016 Students Admitted FREE Tickets may
be purchased at The Learned Owl in Hudson and at the door on concert night Post
concert meet the artist reception immediately following the concert For more
information www mftwr org or 330 840 8429

 Event Details

 Dates:



 Sun, Feb. 12, 2017

 Hours:



     05:00pm - 08:00pm



 Listing Address:

 21 Aurora Street

 Hudson,

 United States

 Phone Numbers:

 330-840-8429

 Event Type:

 Music - Orchestra/Symphony

 Rates:



     Highest: $18.00



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday

Ohio: Making the World a Better Place With Just a Bit More Banjo and Fiddle

LENGTH: 274  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Ohio Tourism department has issued the following news release:



  Making the World a Better Place With Just a Bit More Banjo and Fiddle

 Event Overview



 Music from The Western Reserves 34th season Hear Every Moment presents The
Cleveland Bluegrass Orchestra on Sunday February 12th It has been said that The
Cleveland Bluegrass Orchestra is the most exclusive bluegrass ensemble in the
world The vetting process is rigorous First you must play an instrument in The
Cleveland Orchestra Second you must be willing to play a different instrument in
The Cleveland Bluegrass Orchestra Third and this is key you must believe that
the world would be a better place with just a little bit more banjo and fiddle
If at least one of those descriptions applies to you join Trina Struble fiddle
Mark Dumm banjo Jeff Zehngut mandolin sax Henry Peyrebrune guitar and Derek
Zadinsky bass for an evening of undiluted genre blending toe tapping joy Concert
venue Christ Church Episcopal 21 Aurora Street Hudson Concert time 5 00 pm
Single Tickets 18 go on sale September 1 2016 Students Admitted FREE Tickets may
be purchased at The Learned Owl in Hudson and at the door on concert night Post
concert meet the artist reception immediately following the concert For more
information www mftwr org or 330 840 8429

 Event Details

 Dates:



 Sun, Feb. 12, 2017

 Hours:



     05:00pm - 08:00pm



 Listing Address:

 21 Aurora Street

 Hudson,

 United States

 Phone Numbers:

 330-840-8429

 Event Type:

 Music - Orchestra/Symphony

 Rates:



     Highest: $18.00



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday

Ohio: Making the World a Better Place With Just a Bit More Banjo and Fiddle

LENGTH: 274  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Ohio Tourism department has issued the following news release:



  Making the World a Better Place With Just a Bit More Banjo and Fiddle

 Event Overview



 Music from The Western Reserves 34th season Hear Every Moment presents The
Cleveland Bluegrass Orchestra on Sunday February 12th It has been said that The
Cleveland Bluegrass Orchestra is the most exclusive bluegrass ensemble in the
world The vetting process is rigorous First you must play an instrument in The
Cleveland Orchestra Second you must be willing to play a different instrument in
The Cleveland Bluegrass Orchestra Third and this is key you must believe that
the world would be a better place with just a little bit more banjo and fiddle
If at least one of those descriptions applies to you join Trina Struble fiddle
Mark Dumm banjo Jeff Zehngut mandolin sax Henry Peyrebrune guitar and Derek
Zadinsky bass for an evening of undiluted genre blending toe tapping joy Concert
venue Christ Church Episcopal 21 Aurora Street Hudson Concert time 5 00 pm
Single Tickets 18 go on sale September 1 2016 Students Admitted FREE Tickets may
be purchased at The Learned Owl in Hudson and at the door on concert night Post
concert meet the artist reception immediately following the concert For more
information www mftwr org or 330 840 8429

 Event Details

 Dates:



 Sun, Feb. 12, 2017

 Hours:



     05:00pm - 08:00pm



 Listing Address:

 21 Aurora Street

 Hudson,

 United States

 Phone Numbers:

 330-840-8429

 Event Type:

 Music - Orchestra/Symphony

 Rates:



     Highest: $18.00



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                              May 29, 2006, Monday

Vandalia Gathering winners announced

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2C

LENGTH: 445 words


The Vandalia Gathering wrapped up with a concert by Charleston gospel singer
Ethel Caffie-Austin, who was given this year's Vandalia Award.

The gathering took place on the state Capitol grounds and in the state Cultural
Center Saturday and Sunday.

Earlier Sunday, Adam Booth of Huntington took home the Golden Shovel award for
winning the Liar's Contest. Karl Smakula of Randolph County won in the youth
category. Other first-place winners included Meredith Pheasant of Fairmont, who
won the fiddle contest in the under 60 and 15-and-under categories; Brandon
Bentley of Sumerco, who took top honors for mandolin; and Robin Kessinger of St.
Albans, first in the flat-pick guitar group.

Complete contest results:

-Fiddle, 15 and under: First, Meredith Pheasant of Fairmont; second, Aesop Brown
of Hurricane; third, Jerrica Hilbert of St. Albans.

-Fiddle, under 60: First, Meredith Pheasant of Fairmont; second, Chance McCoy of
Martinsburg; third, Jenny Allinder of St. Albans; fourth, Jaret Nutter of Meadow
Bridge; fifth, Jake Krack of Orma.

-Fiddle, over 60: First, Junior Spencer of Frankford; second, Elmer Rich of
Morgantown, honorary second place, Harold Burns of Yawkey; third, Don Jones of
Scott Depot; fourth, Boyd Phillips of Elkins; fifth, Mack Samples of Duck.

-Mandolin: First, Brandon Bentley of Sumerco; second, Dan Kessinger of St.
Marys; third, John Putnam of Looneyville; fourth, Robin Kessinger of St. Albans;
fifth, Rachel Singleton of Summersville.

-Bluegrass banjo: First, Butch Osborne of Parkersburg; second, Zack Life of
Murraysville; third, Doug Cossin of Mount Alto; fourth, Benn Harrington of
Artie; fifth, Ron Seebaugh of Parkersburg.

-Old-time banjo under 60: First, Tim Bing of Huntington; second, Adam Hurt of
Morgantown; third, David O'Dell of West Logan; fourth, Doug Van Gundy of Elkins;
fifth, Pete Kosky of Charleston.

-Old-time banjo over 60: First, Mack Samples of Duck; second, Bernard Cyrus of
Fort Gay; third, Ted Samples of Harrisville; fourth, Charlie Loudermilk of
Frankford; fifth, Ben Car of Wilsie.

-Lap dulcimer 15 and under: First, Katie Stricker of South Charleston.

-Lap dulcimer over 15: First, Alan Freeman of Renick; second, Dave Hass of Cross
Lanes; third, Timmy Gillenwater of Griffithsville; fourth, Bernard Cyrus of Fort
Gay; fifth, Trishy Westman of Mabscott.

-Flat-pick guitar: First, Robin Kessinger of St. Albans; second, Matt Lindsey of
Dunbar; third, Brandon Bentley of Sumerco; fourth, Dan Kessinger of St. Mary's;
fifth, Josh Moody of St. Marys.

-Liar's Contest: First, Adam Booth of Huntington; second, Rich Knoblich of
Wheeling; third, Dallas Jude of Huntington.

-Liar's Contest, youth award: Karl Smakula of Montrose.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers

                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                              July 29, 2001 Sunday

A business born of love

SECTION: SUNDAYAM; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 603 words


NashCamp director Cindy Sinclair's take on stage fright is succinct: "It lasts
10 minutes; get over it."

How to get over it? "You don't," she says. "You just do it."

Cindy Sinclair started NashCamp five years ago with a Nashville friend, Barbara
Lamb, a professional fiddle player. (She eventually purchased Lamb's interest,
and now NashCamp is her own.)

Sinclair had been helping renowned fiddle player Mark O'Connor with his fiddle
camps, and Lamb was one of the instructors. There were lots of guitar, fiddle
and banjo camps out there, but Sinclair and Lamb talked about their dream camp
involving all of the bluegrass instruments - which include the upright bass, the
mandolin and the dobro.

"There are so many players out there, and they don't have the chance to play
with players their level or with bands," Sinclair says, explaining where she and
Lamb thought the market would be. There were workshops (for individual
instruments) attached to the bluegrass festivals, but there were no
all-instrument events.

They went for it and apparently found the right niche - NashCamp has had an
average of 50 campers every year. This year, 82 signed up and Sinclair had to
add another week. It was a population increase for which she thanks the movie "O
Brother Where Art Thou?" whose soundtrack showcased traditional and bluegrass
music.

Sinclair started playing the guitar at an early age and was playing on the
Peoria riverboat, the Julia Belle Swaine, when she was 15. It was then that she
became good friends with the late John Hartford (who wrote "Gentle on My Mind")
and his wife. Hartford liked steamboats and played on the Julia Belle Swain for
a while, bringing bluegrass musicians with him.

Sinclair never had heard of bluegrass at the time. Growing up in Petersburg (her
parents, Dale and Georgia, still live there), country music and rock 'n' roll
had informed her repertoire. But she had her first banjo by the time she was 16,
and after graduating in 1979 from Southern Illinois University-Carbondale, where
she majored in music, she went to Nashville at the urging of Hartford to make a
career in the music industry.

"New York and L.A. were too far from home," she explains.

When she isn't running NashCamp, she's working on live-event television
production, such as the Grammy Awards and the County Music Awards. She has her
own band, The Kingston Strings, which plays in local clubs around Nashville.

The average NashCamper is in his or her mid-40s, but the youngest camper at the
second week this year was 18, and the oldest was 71.

NashCamp has become a regular summer vacation for many. Individual instrument
classes last for three hours every morning, taught by professional musicians
whom Sinclair has met over the years.

A selection of informative classes, such as proper etiquette in a jam session,
or how to approach and relinquish the microphone gracefully during solos, is
offered during the afternoon.

That time slot is also when the student bands practice the two songs they will
play at the end of the week at Nashville's The Station Inn, where they will
stand on the same stage on which Bill Monroe and Ralph Stanley stood when they
played there.

Campers leave with the obligatory group photograph and a NashCamp T-shirt
adorned with its motto: "Whine less. Pick more."

Says the proud Sinclair, "This camp is good for the planet."

NashCamp also conducts individual workshops. A guitar and songwriting class will
be Aug.13-17, and a banjo retreat is scheduled for Oct. 12-14. More information
is available at www.nashcamp.com or by calling (888) 798-5012.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

GRAPHIC: Banjo camp attendees all leave with a souvenir portrait of their class.

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register

                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 26, 2014 Monday

Oklahoma: American Heritage Music Festival - Jun 05, 2014 to Jun 07, 2014

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: Oklahoma City


Department of Tourism & Recreation, The State of Oklahoma  has issued the
following event detail:

American Heritage Music Festival   - Jun 05, 2014 to Jun 07, 2014
1720 S Main St
Grove, OK 74344
Phone: 918-786-8896
Fax: 918-786-8897
Description

Come to the American Heritage Music Festival and enjoy watching nationally
sanctioned fiddle and clogging competitions on multiple stages. The festival's
finale concert features winners in fiddle divisions and grand champion cloggers,
plus a full evening of great entertainment. This event is great for families,
with lakeside barbecue dinners, jamming and family camping. Daytime events and
competitions are held in the comfortable, air-conditioned Grove Civic Center. In
addition to the competitions, special concert entertainment, after-concert jam
sessions and great food can also be found during the festival weekend.

Multiple areas and stages allow for separation of the fiddling and clogging
competitions. Shows will be staggered between two stages, with big evening shows
providing a full weekend of great music. Come to the American Heritage Music
Festival for great headliners, judges and talented contestants. Festival
organizers promise a great weekend for spectators and participants alike.

Fiddle competition categories include twin fiddle, "anything goes" hot fiddle,
Honey Creek special, jukebox, flat-picking, mandolin, Dobro, banjo and more.
Clogging competition categories include line dance, line dance formation,
exhibition, traditional line dance, couple's hoedown and couple's open
precision, as well as show and challenge solos.

For further information please visit: http://www.travelok.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             July 6, 2006, Thursday

TAKE A LOOK;
A Byrd fiddle fit for hall of fame

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P11D

LENGTH: 196 words


The West Virginia Music Hall of Fame is right now a Web site, a good idea, and a
bunch of donated items to be eventually featured in an eventual building. But
the project got a significant new donation that was on view at the Clay Center
during the recent FestivALL Charleston: a vintage, ornamented fiddle owned by
Sen. Robert C. Byrd.

W.Va. Hall of Fame honcho Michael Lipton, who picked up the fiddle from Byrd's
office, said he was "completely stunned" by the donation and the beauty of the
instrument. "I assumed it would be one of six or eight that he gives away for
these kinds of things," Lipton noted to gazz in an e-mail. "But it's his
favorite one and one that he obviously used for years - from the wear. And the
only one that's gone to someone out of the family."

The fiddle has the good senator's name inlayed in pearl on the neck and the
Senate seal and "House Majority Leader" inlayed on the back. Anyone who wants to
give the fiddle a good home - once the hall of fame can afford one - can support
the effort through www.wvmusichalloffame.com.

To volunteer, become a "Friend of WV Music" or donate memorabilia, call 342-4412
or email info@wvmusichalloffame .com.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers

                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             July 6, 2006, Thursday

TAKE A LOOK;
A Byrd fiddle fit for hall of fame

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P11D

LENGTH: 196 words


The West Virginia Music Hall of Fame is right now a Web site, a good idea, and a
bunch of donated items to be eventually featured in an eventual building. But
the project got a significant new donation that was on view at the Clay Center
during the recent FestivALL Charleston: a vintage, ornamented fiddle owned by
Sen. Robert C. Byrd.

W.Va. Hall of Fame honcho Michael Lipton, who picked up the fiddle from Byrd's
office, said he was "completely stunned" by the donation and the beauty of the
instrument. "I assumed it would be one of six or eight that he gives away for
these kinds of things," Lipton noted to gazz in an e-mail. "But it's his
favorite one and one that he obviously used for years - from the wear. And the
only one that's gone to someone out of the family."

The fiddle has the good senator's name inlayed in pearl on the neck and the
Senate seal and "House Majority Leader" inlayed on the back. Anyone who wants to
give the fiddle a good home - once the hall of fame can afford one - can support
the effort through www.wvmusichalloffame.com.

To volunteer, become a "Friend of WV Music" or donate memorabilia, call 342-4412
or email info@wvmusichalloffame .com.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers

                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            December 4, 1994 Sunday
                                 Early Edition

HAND-PICKED ALBUM OF BLUEGRASS MUSIC;
COUNTRY MUSIC

BYLINE: SUSAN JARVIS

SECTION: REAL AUSTRALIA; Pg. 102

LENGTH: 452 words


ROD McCormack and Mick Albeck have long been recognised as two of Australia's
best musicians.

Between them they have sewn up three categories of the Australian National
Bluegrass Championships, with Albeck taking out the fiddle championship three
times (including this year), and McCormack picking up three banjo championships
(also including the 1994 championship). In addition, he is the current flatpick
guitar champion.

The pair has spent the last couple of years playing in the McCormack Bros Band,
which has toured the country performing with Lee Kernaghan.

They have found time to get together to collaborate on a project of their own
which both have been keen to work on for some time.

Albeck and McCormack have just released their own album, Hand Picked: The Banjo
And The Fiddle, on the ABC Country label.

The album, which McCormack said he hoped would be the first of a series, is a
very traditional, acoustic bluegrass recording featuring some of the classics of
bluegrass music.

"We wanted this first album to reflect our musical roots," McCormack said.

The album is true to its title, featuring mainly banjo and fiddle, with some
mandolin, acoustic guitar and dobro.

Handpicked: The Banjo And The Fiddle mostly consists of bluegrass standards,
including classics like Orange Blossom Special, Dixie Breakdown, Foggy Mountain
Breakdown, Duelling Banjos and the Tennessee Waltz. There are also a couple of
popular and more recent hits: The Ballad Of Jed Clampett and Bonaparte's
Retreat.

McCormack's composition Bullabounce, which was a hit for Bullamakanka a few
years back, has also been included, along with another Rod McCormack tune, Early
Winter.

McCormack has been playing music since he was aged just 11 and has built an
impressive reputation as both a live and a session musician.

In 1985 he travelled to the United States, touring on the bluegrass circuit and
taking part in the many State competitions that are held annually there. He
emerged from the tour as the Tennessee State Banjo Champion, Colorado State
Banjo and Guitar Champion and Rocky Mountain Guitar Champion. He them came
fourth in the American National Banjo Championships, held in Winfield, Kansas

Albeck spent two years working at Movieworld on Queensland's Gold Coast as well
as performing as part of Donna Reynold's band before joining the McCormacks and
going on the road with Lee Kernaghan.

APRA COUNTRY SONG WINNERS

SONGWRITERS Heather Field, James Gillard and John Beatty won the APRA award for
Country Song of the Year.

The trio won the award for Game Of Love, the title track from Anne Kirkpatrick's
most recent album.

The APRA Awards are presented annually by the Australian Performing Right
Association for Australian songwriting.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: BEST: Banjo man Rod McCormack and fiddler Mick Albeck. APRA
country song winners

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1994 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           December 26, 2002 Thursday

Find out the 'Fancy Fiddles' raffle winners

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 362 words


The winners of the ILLINOIS SYMPHONY GUILD OF SPRINGFIELD'S "Fancy Fiddles"
fund-raising raffle have been named.

Winners of the violins painted by local artists were HELLA HOLMAN, who won the
violin painted by Rod Buffington; LORI VERA, who won Joan Burmeister's; DREW
DAVIS, who won Hazen Folse's; ELOISE VAN FOSSAN, who won Sue Huitt's; and DORYS
BERG, who won Eda Mae Shaffer's. RALPH SORDYL of the HOUSE OF MUSIC donated the
five violins for the project.

The guild met its goal of $5,000 through the raffle project, which will benefit
youth concerts and youth education.

"We are so appreciative of the community support in this endeavor," said WILMA
BEATTY, co-chairman of the Fancy Fiddles project with WILLA JEAN JONES.

"Willa Jean Jones initiated this idea and presented it to our guild. I've
learned so much from her and helping her as her co-chair. She's just a
fantastic, strong, capable lady."

Photographs of the violins are available for purchase through Beatty Televisual,
1287 W. Wabash Ave.

"My husband, Dave Beatty, photographed each of the violins and also made a
grouping of all of them together," Wilma Beatty said.

"They are available through our studio. We are offering them to anyone who would
like to buy them. They are $100 mounted, sprayed, ready for framing, and then
$25 from each sale goes back to the Symphony Guild."

Illinois Symphony Guild helps support the Illinois Symphony Orchestra.

Bulletin Board

* The LINCOLN COMMUNITY THEATRE will hold interviews by appointment for the paid
positions of artistic director, technical director, audio-visual technician and
musical accompanist for each production of the 2003 summer season.

The interviews will be held Feb. 2 at Trinity Episcopal Church Parish Hall, 402
Pekin St., Lincoln.

Interested individuals may contact the theatre secretary ROGER BOSS by calling
732-8762 for information or to set up an appointment. Appointments will be
scheduled through Jan. 30.

Scheduled for the upcoming season are "Nuncrackers," June 13-21, "Steel
Magnolias," July 11-10 and "1776," Aug. 8-16 at the Johnston Center for the
Performing Arts, Lincoln College campus.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL. COLUMN

                   Copyright 2002 The State Journal-Register

                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            May 25, 2016, Wednesday

Vandalia Gathering returns May 27

BYLINE: Clint Thomas

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P1E

LENGTH: 405 words


cthomas@cnpapers.com 304-348-1232

West Virginia's yearly, home-grown homage to its heritage, the Vandalia
Gathering, will take place Friday, May 27 through Sunday, May 29 throughout the
grounds of the state Capitol Complex on Charleston's East End.

Admission and events are free to the public, and vendors of all sorts and
sensibilities will be on site with a vast variety of foods, collectibles,
keepsakes and gift ideas.

The schedule of events for the 2016 Vandalia Gathering is as follows:

Friday, May 27

7 p.m.: Vandalia Gathering Opening Concert, Presentations of West Virginia
Juried Quilt Awards, Presentation of Vandalia Award, Concert

Saturday, May 28

10:30 a.m.: Festival opens; Craft Circle, food vendors, information areas,
festival sales, Old Time for Young uns and family activities open

10:30 a.m.: Flatfoot and square dancing Dance Stage

11 a.m.: Appalachian Heritage Dancing Culture Center Great Hall

11 a.m.-noon: Fiddle contests registration Old Time Stage

11 a.m.-noon: Bluegrass banjo and mandolin registration Circle Stage

Noon: Senior Fiddle Contest Old Time Stage, Bluegrass Banjo Contest Circle Stage

2 p.m.: Youth Fiddle Contest Old Time Stage

2:30 p.m.: Mandolin Contest Circle Stage

3 p.m.: Fiddle Contest Old Time Stage

4 p.m.: Appalachian Heritage Dancing over for day

5 p.m.: Old Time for Young uns and family activities close for day

6 p.m.: Craft Circle, food vendors, information and festival sales close for day

6:30 p.m.: Saturday evening concert State Theater

Sunday, May 29

10:30 a.m.: Festival, Craft Circle, food vendors, information areas, festival
sales open

11 a.m.: Gospel Sing Old Time Stage

11:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m.: Banjo contests registration

Noon: Appalachian Heritage Dancing Great Hall

Noon: Old Time for Young uns and family activities open for the day

Noon-1 p.m.: Flat pick guitar and youth flat pick guitar registration Circle
Stage

12:30 p.m.: Senior Banjo Contest - Old Time Stage

1 p.m.: Youth Flat Pick Guitar Contest Circle Stage

1:30-2:30 p.m.: Liars Contest registration State Theater

1:30 p.m.: Storytelling State Theater

2 p.m.: Lap Dulcimer Contest Old Time Stage

2:30 p.m.: Flat Pick Guitar Contest Circle Stage

2:30 p.m.: Liars' Contests State Theater

3:45 p.m.: Old-Time Banjo Contest Old Time Stage

4 p.m.: Appalachian Heritage Dancing over for the day Great Hall

5 p.m.: Old Time for Young uns and family activities over for the day; Craft
Circle, food vendors, information and festival sales close.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers

                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            May 25, 2016, Wednesday

Vandalia Gathering returns May 27

BYLINE: Clint Thomas

SECTION: METRO WEST KANAWHA; Pg. P3K

LENGTH: 405 words


cthomas@cnpapers.com 304-348-1232

West Virginia's yearly, home-grown homage to its heritage, the Vandalia
Gathering, will take place Friday, May 27 through Sunday, May 29 throughout the
grounds of the state Capitol Complex on Charleston's East End.

Admission and events are free to the public, and vendors of all sorts and
sensibilities will be on site with a vast variety of foods, collectibles,
keepsakes and gift ideas.

The schedule of events for the 2016 Vandalia Gathering is as follows:

Friday, May 27

7 p.m.: Vandalia Gathering Opening Concert, Presentations of West Virginia
Juried Quilt Awards, Presentation of Vandalia Award, Concert

Saturday, May 28

10:30 a.m.: Festival opens; Craft Circle, food vendors, information areas,
festival sales, Old Time for Young uns and family activities open

10:30 a.m.: Flatfoot and square dancing Dance Stage

11 a.m.: Appalachian Heritage Dancing Culture Center Great Hall

11 a.m.-noon: Fiddle contests registration Old Time Stage

11 a.m.-noon: Bluegrass banjo and mandolin registration Circle Stage

Noon: Senior Fiddle Contest Old Time Stage, Bluegrass Banjo Contest Circle Stage

2 p.m.: Youth Fiddle Contest Old Time Stage

2:30 p.m.: Mandolin Contest Circle Stage

3 p.m.: Fiddle Contest Old Time Stage

4 p.m.: Appalachian Heritage Dancing over for day

5 p.m.: Old Time for Young uns and family activities close for day

6 p.m.: Craft Circle, food vendors, information and festival sales close for day

6:30 p.m.: Saturday evening concert State Theater

Sunday, May 29

10:30 a.m.: Festival, Craft Circle, food vendors, information areas, festival
sales open

11 a.m.: Gospel Sing Old Time Stage

11:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m.: Banjo contests registration

Noon: Appalachian Heritage Dancing Great Hall

Noon: Old Time for Young uns and family activities open for the day

Noon-1 p.m.: Flat pick guitar and youth flat pick guitar registration Circle
Stage

12:30 p.m.: Senior Banjo Contest - Old Time Stage

1 p.m.: Youth Flat Pick Guitar Contest Circle Stage

1:30-2:30 p.m.: Liars Contest registration State Theater

1:30 p.m.: Storytelling State Theater

2 p.m.: Lap Dulcimer Contest Old Time Stage

2:30 p.m.: Flat Pick Guitar Contest Circle Stage

2:30 p.m.: Liars' Contests State Theater

3:45 p.m.: Old-Time Banjo Contest Old Time Stage

4 p.m.: Appalachian Heritage Dancing over for the day Great Hall

5 p.m.: Old Time for Young uns and family activities over for the day; Craft
Circle, food vendors, information and festival sales close.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers

                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             August 8, 2010 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

GSU retiree enjoyed music;
Playing fiddle was a love for clinical psychologist.

BYLINE: Bill Hendrick; For the AJC

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 426 words


Dr. Alan Pieper played his ever-present fiddle as often as he could in bars,
restaurants and at private parties.

You could ask him to play just about any tune, but his friends knew better than
to ask him for a free psychoanalysis.

"They'd say, 'Oh, a psychologist, are you going to analyze me?'" said Dr.
Pieper's wife, Jean Ellen Jones, who, like her husband, is retired from Georgia
State University. "He'd just say with a grin, 'It's too much work.'"

He was a clinical psychologist who loved teaching health psychology because
"that allowed him to combine psychology with his knowledge of medicine," she
said.

Dr. Pieper died July 22 of complications from surgery while seeking treatment
for an aortic aneurysm. He was 75. A memorial service will be at 2 p.m. Aug. 15
at Central Presbyterian Church in Atlanta. Donations in his memory may be made
to the Sound System Fund at Central Presbyterian.

Before retiring, Dr. Pieper, who spent 30 years at GSU, briefly focused his
research on behavioral and pharmacological research in nonhuman primates. Then
he became a clinical researcher working on personality assessments in humans.

But more than anything, he liked to play his fiddle wherever he found musicians
gathered. "He liked to cut loose, improvising," said L.A. Tuten, a bass player
from Snellville who played often with Dr. Pieper. "He could tear things up."

He was trained as a classical musician, but his violin became a fiddle when he
joined the Air Force in the 1960s and began playing gigs in San Antonio, his
wife said.

Dr. Pieper and his wife went often to Key West, Fla., where he played in clubs
of all sorts.

Though he didn't like to be asked to psychoanalyze people, Dr. Pieper wouldn't
hesitate to help friends who had computer problems or who just needed a man who
was handy, Ms. Jones said.

David Washburn, GSU's chair of psychology, said Dr. Pieper had a "remarkable
range of talents" and "was computer savvy at a time when we were all learning
how to use those tools effectively."

He said Dr. Pieper was hired as "an outstanding behavioral researcher who
studied nonhuman primates" but "transformed himself into a clinical researcher
and expert on the assessment of personality in humans."

Dr. Pieper taught and mentored many future clinical psychologists and pioneered
instructional technology at the school.

Besides his wife of 25 years, he is survived by two daughters, Sue Gail Stephens
of Watkinsville and Carla Jo Awalt of Tucker; a son, Kurt Alan Pieper of
Atlanta; a brother, Darold Dean Pieper of Carlsbad, Calif.; and seven
grandchildren.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                            February 3, 2009 Tuesday
                               STATEWIDE EDITION

FIDDLE CONTEST ORGANIZER DIES;
PAUL LEMAY

BYLINE: WILLIAM WEIR bweir@courant.com

SECTION: CTLIVING; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 548 words


With little more than charisma and force of will, Paul LeMay managed to turn an
improbable idea into a Hartford phenomenon, bringing tens of thousands to the
city for an annual fiddle contest.

LeMay died Friday of heart failure from complications of other illnesses. He was
65.

He started the New England Fiddle Contest in 1974, the same year he founded the
grass-roots arts organization Peace Train Foundation. The first year featured a
few dozen amateur fiddlers at Bushnell Park and an audience of about 1,000.
Within a few years, the event would attract tens of thousands to the city; at
the height of its popularity, 70,000 came for the fiddle contest.

"He really wanted Hartford to be a viable and happy place to be," said Cheryl
Daniels, his partner of 30 years. "People would be able to see each other and be
with each other and he would bring people together."

"He was just a sweet, jolly guy - I just loved the guy," said his friend, Joel
Aronie. "It was during the Vietnam War and there were so many negative things
going on. I thought he brought joy to the community."

LeMay's rise to offbeat Hartford celebrity started with an old rickety school
bus that he bought with a $1,500 donation and proceeds from door-to-door honey
sales. He fixed the bus up to resemble an old caboose, called it the Peace Train
and declared that he would drive elderly folks to events, kids to ball games and
otherwise provide transportation to those who didn't have it. Before he even
worked out certain details, like bringing the bus up to code, he started
planning a new bus for musical and theatrical performances.

"Everybody thinks I'm nuts," he told The Courant at the time. "But the ultimate
goal is to enjoy life and help people any way you can."

Besides the fiddle contest, he organized free outdoor movies and helped bring
major acts such as Leon Redbone and Marcel Marceau to Hartford.

Friends said Monday that his success came from thinking big without paying
attention to possible obstacles.

"When he entered a room, you knew Paul was in the room," said Ed McKeon, a
friend and host of "Caterwaul," a radio show on WWUH. "He had a charisma that I
think he knew he had and was able to use. He was able to bring people together."

LeMay's quirky idea for a fiddle contest eventually grew to a $300,000
operation.

By the 1980s it had a board of directors with LeMay as its unlikely executive
director. At this point, his throw-caution-to-the-wind approach didn't always go
smoothly. A disagreement over whether to fly a hot-air balloon over the 1981
fiddle contest (LeMay wanted it, the board didn't) led to his dismissal.

The contest fizzled out a few years after. It was revived by the late 1990s with
LeMay involved again. Though it hasn't attracted the same size of audience that
it did in the 1970s, Daniels said LeMay was particularly proud that it has
lasted.

"He was kind of like the sun and there were a lot of people who rotated around
his orbits," said his friend Joan Walden. "I think his goal was to foster good
stuff, and he certainly was good at that."

A gathering to celebrate LeMay's life will be held Friday from 5 to 8 p.m. at
Angelo's on Main Rockledge, 289 S. Main St., West Hartford. Donations may be
made to the New England Fiddle Contest, 5 Forest Hills Lane, West Hartford,
06117.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 1: (b&w) mug PHOTO 2: (b&w), HARTFORD COURANT FILE PHOTO
 PHOTO 1: LEMAY  PHOTO 2: PAUL LEMAY stands by the bus he renovated in the 1970s
called the Peace Train.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Fiddle player Byron Berline and his bluegrass band keep good times rolling in
Oklahoma

BYLINE: By Jessica Allison

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 787 words


GUTHRIE - Nestled on the upper floor of a humble building in downtown Guthrie is
a music hall with a stage that's seen the likes of Vince Gill and Mumford and
Sons - but most notably, owner Byron Berline and his bluegrass band.On a
scorching Saturday evening, roughly 120 people crowd into the Double Stop Fiddle
Shop and Music Hall to hear the man who's played with The Rolling Stones, Elton
John, Bill Monroe and many more.He's accompanied by five talented musicians -
Billy Perry on banjo, Jim Fish on guitar, Greg Burgess on fiddle and guitar,
Richard Sharp on bass and Steve Short on drums.During this performance, the
lights dim and the band begins with the tune "Dixie Hoedown." Afterward, Berline
courteously recognizes Fish for his solo - introducing him as a New
Yorker-turned-Okie."It's funny - I'm from Guthrie, but I actually got lost on my
way here," Fish says, receiving a chorus of laughter from the audience."Not
surprising. He got lost in the parking lot the other day," Berline retorts. More
laughter."Go on, have your fun.

You own the building," Fish replies.An early startIn an interview, Berline said
music's been a part of his life since the beginning. His father played the
fiddle, banjo, mandolin, piano and guitar. His mother played piano, and his five
older siblings played various instruments.When Berline was 19 and attending the
University of Oklahoma, he met The Dillards, a group that performed on "The Andy
Griffith Show" as the fictional bluegrass band "The Darlings.""I met them the
same day President Kennedy was killed," Berline said. "It was November 22, 1963.
It was a Friday."Berline said The Dillards were playing a gig in Oklahoma City.
He went and got to perform with them. The young fiddle player hit it off with
The Dillards, and two years later he recorded "Pickin' and Fiddlin'" with
them.1965 was also the year Berline met Bill Monroe at the Newport Folk
Festival. After Berline graduated from OU in May 1967, he joined Monroe and his
band, the Bluegrass Boys.Berline's eyes lit up as he recalled the time Monroe
fell off the stage at a black-tie event in Nashville, Tenn. He said the room was
quiet, as a man ("the governor or someone") gave a speech. The musicians sat
still on the stage, all holding their instruments. Monroe's mandolin was perched
on his leg."He scooted his chair, and off he went," Berline said with a laugh.
"He went to grab for something, and he grabbed me, hit my fiddle, knocked the
bridge right off my fiddle. And I turned, and all I could see was the soles of
his feet. It was about a 6-foot stage onto concrete. The noise it made. Broke
his mandolin right down the back."And when Berline went to help his bandmate,
Monroe was much more concerned about his damaged instrument than the fact that
he had fallen backward six feet onto concrete.'That ain't all'Berline was
drafted into the Army only a few months later (although he would be discharged
after two years). After basic training, he searched for a weekend gig in
Leesville, La., near where he was stationed at Fort Polk. One bar turned him
away, saying soldiers weren't dependable.But at the now-defunct Pines Club, he
stumbled across a three-piece band led by a bald drummer named Joe, who refused
to play anything but Hank Williams songs. Berline asked to jam with them, and
they agreed.After the gig, the band huddled in a corner to discuss offering
Berline a spot in the group.Ten minutes later, Joe approached Berline."OK,
here's the deal," Berline recalled him saying. "We'd like to have you here to
play with us. We'll give you five dollars a night. Wait, that's not all. We're
going to chip in a dollar of our money - that will make it eight dollars a
night. Wait, that ain't all. Free drinks from the bar. Wait, that ain't all. You
can get down on the dance floor any time you want and dance. Now what do you
think?"Berline didn't accept; he said the group wasn't what he was looking
for.Coming homeAfter 26 years of living in Los Angeles, performing with a long
list of acts and even creating his own band, Berline decided Oklahoma was
calling his name. He moved back with his wife in 1995."It was like coming home,
really," he said.He opened the music hall at 121 E Oklahoma a year later, and
the fiddle shop followed a couple of months after that.The Byron Berline Band
has performed across the country (although Berline said they haven't gone east
of Oklahoma often) and even in China.But despite his years of adventures, he
said the gigs, now about twice-monthly, in his own music hall are his favorites
- and it seems many Okies agree.Even if he leads a simpler, quieter life in
Guthrie, it's clear in his words, his music and his eyes that he's exactly where
he wants to be.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

Fiddle player Byron Berline and his bluegrass band keep good times rolling in
Oklahoma

BYLINE: By Jessica Allison, Staff Writer

SECTION:

LENGTH: 787 words


GUTHRIE - Nestled on the upper floor of a humble building in downtown Guthrie is
a music hall with a stage that's seen the likes of Vince Gill and Mumford and
Sons - but most notably, owner Byron Berline and his bluegrass band.On a
scorching Saturday evening, roughly 120 people crowd into the Double Stop Fiddle
Shop and Music Hall to hear the man who's played with The Rolling Stones, Elton
John, Bill Monroe and many more.He's accompanied by five talented musicians -
Billy Perry on banjo, Jim Fish on guitar, Greg Burgess on fiddle and guitar,
Richard Sharp on bass and Steve Short on drums.During this performance, the
lights dim and the band begins with the tune "Dixie Hoedown." Afterward, Berline
courteously recognizes Fish for his solo - introducing him as a New
Yorker-turned-Okie."It's funny - I'm from Guthrie, but I actually got lost on my
way here," Fish says, receiving a chorus of laughter from the audience."Not
surprising. He got lost in the parking lot the other day," Berline retorts. More
laughter."Go on, have your fun.

You own the building," Fish replies.An early startIn an interview, Berline said
music's been a part of his life since the beginning. His father played the
fiddle, banjo, mandolin, piano and guitar. His mother played piano, and his five
older siblings played various instruments.When Berline was 19 and attending the
University of Oklahoma, he met The Dillards, a group that performed on "The Andy
Griffith Show" as the fictional bluegrass band "The Darlings.""I met them the
same day President Kennedy was killed," Berline said. "It was November 22, 1963.
It was a Friday."Berline said The Dillards were playing a gig in Oklahoma City.
He went and got to perform with them. The young fiddle player hit it off with
The Dillards, and two years later he recorded "Pickin' and Fiddlin'" with
them.1965 was also the year Berline met Bill Monroe at the Newport Folk
Festival. After Berline graduated from OU in May 1967, he joined Monroe and his
band, the Bluegrass Boys.Berline's eyes lit up as he recalled the time Monroe
fell off the stage at a black-tie event in Nashville, Tenn. He said the room was
quiet, as a man ("the governor or someone") gave a speech. The musicians sat
still on the stage, all holding their instruments. Monroe's mandolin was perched
on his leg."He scooted his chair, and off he went," Berline said with a laugh.
"He went to grab for something, and he grabbed me, hit my fiddle, knocked the
bridge right off my fiddle. And I turned, and all I could see was the soles of
his feet. It was about a 6-foot stage onto concrete. The noise it made. Broke
his mandolin right down the back."And when Berline went to help his bandmate,
Monroe was much more concerned about his damaged instrument than the fact that
he had fallen backward six feet onto concrete.'That ain't all'Berline was
drafted into the Army only a few months later (although he would be discharged
after two years). After basic training, he searched for a weekend gig in
Leesville, La., near where he was stationed at Fort Polk. One bar turned him
away, saying soldiers weren't dependable.But at the now-defunct Pines Club, he
stumbled across a three-piece band led by a bald drummer named Joe, who refused
to play anything but Hank Williams songs. Berline asked to jam with them, and
they agreed.After the gig, the band huddled in a corner to discuss offering
Berline a spot in the group.Ten minutes later, Joe approached Berline."OK,
here's the deal," Berline recalled him saying. "We'd like to have you here to
play with us. We'll give you five dollars a night. Wait, that's not all. We're
going to chip in a dollar of our money - that will make it eight dollars a
night. Wait, that ain't all. Free drinks from the bar. Wait, that ain't all. You
can get down on the dance floor any time you want and dance. Now what do you
think?"Berline didn't accept; he said the group wasn't what he was looking
for.Coming homeAfter 26 years of living in Los Angeles, performing with a long
list of acts and even creating his own band, Berline decided Oklahoma was
calling his name. He moved back with his wife in 1995."It was like coming home,
really," he said.He opened the music hall at 121 E Oklahoma a year later, and
the fiddle shop followed a couple of months after that.The Byron Berline Band
has performed across the country (although Berline said they haven't gone east
of Oklahoma often) and even in China.But despite his years of adventures, he
said the gigs, now about twice-monthly, in his own music hall are his favorites
- and it seems many Okies agree.Even if he leads a simpler, quieter life in
Guthrie, it's clear in his words, his music and his eyes that he's exactly where
he wants to be.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           December 10, 2009 Thursday

Bay Area holiday concerts aimed at wide range of musical tastes

BYLINE: By Andrew Gilbert Correspondent

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Music

LENGTH: 669 words


Is "Frosty the Snowman" starting to fry your brain? Does "Jingle Bell Rock"
jangle your nerves? Will hearing yet another chorus of "Dreidel, Dreidel,
Dreidel" make you plotz?

Well, have no fear, relief is near. The advent of the holiday season doesn't
have to mean putting up with schlocky music. Whatever your tastes, there are
musical opportunities to catch the holiday spirit this season:


     ·    "Pomegranates & Figs: A Feast of Jewish Music"


Bay Area fiddle great Kaila Flexer first presented "Pomegranates & Figs" at UC
Berkeley's Zellerbach Hall last year. This Hanukkah she's moved it to a more
intimate space and gathered a fascinating array of artists, such as New York
fiddle master Alicia Svigals. Svigals performs with a West Coast edition of her
Klezmer Fiddle Express featuring Shira Kammen, Julian Smedley, Moldovan
accordionist Nicolai Prisacar and bassist Daniel Fabricant. Flexer performs in
the Middle Eastern duo Teslim with multi-instrumentalist Gari Hegedus, though
rumor has it the evening will include an intermingling of musicians.

Details: 8 p.m., Wednesday-Thursday, Freight & Salvage Coffeehouse, 2020 Addison
St., Berkeley, $22.50, www.thefreight.org .


     ·    "Yuletide: A Celtic Christmas Celebration" with Molly's Revenge, Moira
          Smiley and the Rosemary Turco Irish Dancers.


The powerhouse Santa Cruz traditional Celtic band Molly's Revenge celebrates the
release of the Christmas album "YuleDance" with a holiday extravaganza featuring
songs, stories and set dancing. The show also includes the women's vocal
ensemble Zambra. At 7 p.m., Dec. 20, the Peninsula Scottish Fiddlers appear as
special guests at the Little Fox, 2209 Broadway, Redwood City, $15-$20,
650-369-4119, www.foxdream.com .

Details: 8 p.m., Dec. 19, Don Quixote's, 6275 Highway 9, Felton, $15,
831-603-2294, www.donquixotesmusic.com .


     ·    Jim Campilongo


Campilongo, a former Bay Area resident who's thriving as a guitar-slinger in New
York City, returns to town for a Christmas show with pedal steel guitar player
Bobby Black. He's toured and recorded with artists like Martha Wainwright, Cake,
Teddy Thompson, Gillian Welch and Bright Eyes, but Campilongo will be focusing
on music from his upcoming release, "Orange," and his CD "Almost Christmas."

Details: 8 p.m., Dec. 21, Make-Out Room, 3225 22nd St., S.F., $15, 415-647-2888,
www.makeoutroom.com .


     ·    Connie Champagne: "A Judy Garland Christmas"


Cabaret diva Connie Champagne channels the spirit of Judy Garland with a program
of standards from her films and legendary 1963 Christmas TV special. A gifted
actress and persuasive singer with a masters in fine arts from the American
Conservatory Theater, Champagne has successfully delved into Garland territory
before, winning a Dean Goodman Award for outstanding cabaret show for "iMAGINE
Judy Garland: An Evening With Connie Champagne."

Details: 8 p.m., Dec. 22, the Rrazz Room, Hotel Nikko, 222 Mason, S.F., $30,
www.therrazzroom.com .


     ·    Clairdee


The lustrous jazz singer Clairdee returns for her seventh annual Christmas Eve
concert. A sultry song stylist with a big soulful voice, she recorded a lovely
album "This Christmas" a few years back, and it's still a holiday favorite. As
always, she's joined by her husband and music director, the affably swinging
pianist Ken French.

Details: 8 and 10 p.m., Dec. 24, Yoshi's-Oakland, 510 Embarcadero West, Jack
London Square, $16-$20, www.yoshis.com .


     ·    Natasha Miller


A tough but winsome jazz singer who can croon or belt as the occasion requires,
Natasha Miller recorded a highly satisfying Christmas album several years ago,
"The Season," which provides the bulk of the material for this Christmas Eve
performance. The show features an impressive cast of players, including pianist
Maya Kronfeld, bassist Tommy Folen, drummer Jeff Marrs, guitarist/mandolinists
Gawain Matthews and the Jazz Mafia Horns (trombonist Adam Theis, trumpeter Rich
Armstrong and Evan Francis on saxophone and flute).

Details: 8 p.m., Dec. 24, Yoshi's-San Francisco, 1330 Fillmore St., $16-$20,
415-655-5600, www.yoshis.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             June 2, 2007 Saturday

Travel Journal

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. F7

LENGTH: 433  words


Festivals

Halifax to host fiddlers and Games

HALIFAX - Fiddles are being tuned and bagpipes filled with air as the finishing
touches are made to the schedules for the Maritime Fiddle Festival and the
Halifax Highland Games in early July.

More than 1,000 fiddlers, other musicians and dancers are expected to take part
in the 58th edition of the fiddle festival July 5-9 in Dartmouth, according to
the website www.halifax.worldwideweb.com. The highland games take place on July
7, all part of a five-day festival of Scottish culture and the gathering of the
clans. Competitions are in the works for piping, drumming, pipe bands and
heavyweight events, as well as an historic re-enactment by the 78th Highland
Regiment. For more information go to www.halifax.worldwideweb.com and scroll
down to the events section and click on festivals.

Vancouver gears up for summer of music

VANCOUVER - Organizers of Festival Vancouver 2007 are gearing up for a summer of
music from around the world. Tickets are on sale for the six TD Canada Trust
Main Stage concerts, according to the festival's website www.
festivalvancouver.ca. They begin on July 27. The TD Canada Trust line-up
includes singer Bobby McFerrin at the Orpheum on July 27, a Gala Opera Evening
on Aug. 7 at the Orpheum, and the Los Angeles Guitar Quartet at the Chan Centre
on Aug. 12. Most events take place between Aug. 5-19, including the Choral
Connections series, Nordic Mornings, Sounds of Asia Weekend, Jazz at the Cultch
series and Jazz at the Cellar Series. For details visit www.festivalvancouver.
ca.

Art and music events in Santa Fe, N.M.

SANTA FE, N.M. - Art and music-lovers will find much to do in Santa Fe this
summer. ART Santa Fe, a biennial contemporary art fair, will be held July 12-15,
at El Museo Cultural de Santa Fe in the city's Railyard district. The fair will
feature artwork from Asia, Europe, Latin America and galleries in New York and
elsewhere in the U.S. Keynote presenter Thomas Krens, director of the Solomon R.
Guggenheim Foundation, will be joined by architect Frank Gehry for a discussion
of the Guggenheim Bilbao and the Guggenheim's new project in Abu Dhabi. Santa Fe
will also host a photography festival, PhotoArts Santa Fe, July 13-22, and the
International Folk Art Market, July 14-15. Indian Market bills itself as the
largest show and sale of its kind, featuring the work of 1,200 artists from
nearly 100 tribes, Aug. 18-19 on the Santa Fe Plaza. Spanish Market showcases a
sale of traditional Spanish Colonial art along with a juried show by
contemporary Hispanic artists, July 28-29, on the Santa Fe Plaza.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2007 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            March 30, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Fiddler back on track; Kalissa Hernandez grew up with music. After taking a
break, she now has three projects on the go

BYLINE: Mike Devlin, Times Colonist

SECTION: ARTS; They Might Be Giants; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 974  words


Kalissa Hernandez had been taking classical violin lessons for 15 years when she
made the decision to give it up for good.

The Victoria-born fiddler, who now lives in Vancouver, took what she figured was
a necessary respite during high school, in hopes that a break would cleanse her
musical palate.

"I had other things to do," Hernandez said, laughing at the memory. "I was
getting really into surfing, and was one of those skater kids, always carting
around my longboard."

Her rebellious phase lasted all of 18 months. The Belmont grad's connection to
the fiddle, which she had been playing since she was two, proved too much to
resist.

"Something wasn't quite right and I figured out that that's what it was."

Hernandez, 22, has been back on track for the past two years. Her schedule is
fuller than full-time, with no fewer than three projects on the go
simultaneously. Her main gig is with Junowinning Vancouver act the Paperboys,
for whom she plays fiddle and sings backup. Hernandez also performs with
Paperboys frontman Tom Landa in two other groups, Locarno, a Latin-themed
side-project, and the Starbirds, a rootsy trio that also features Nick LaRiviere
of the Paperboys.

She is performing locally with all three in the coming months -April 1 at
Hermann's Jazz Club with the Nick LaRiviere Septet, and in June and July at the
TD Victoria International JazzFest with the Paperboys and Locarno.

Juggling multiple projects has a downside in terms of the physical toll she
endures, Hernandez said. Within the span of a week recently, Hernandez and her
various bandmates played in Tacoma, Seattle, Bainbridge Island, Vancouver and
Victoria.

Hernandez said she wouldn't have it any other way. The rush she gets from
playing on stages all over the world more than compensates for the lack of free
time in her schedule.

"From the time I joined two years ago, it has been go go go. Every weekend I'm
away and during the week we still communicate, because there's always something
to be done. But this is all we want to be doing, so we hang on tight."

Her course as a musician was set almost from the time she was born. Her parents
bought her a pint-sized fiddle when she was a toddler, followed by lessons. The
early focus paid off. Hernandez got her first trophy shortly before her third
birthday and at 12 became the youngest competitor ever to win the title of B.C.
Fiddle Champion.

Such activity was somewhat typical of the Hernandez household. Her sister,
Ivonne, who is six years older, had won numerous provincial titles and was
competing in fiddle contests at the national level by the time she was a young
teenager.

"When I was in the womb I was going to my sister's violin lessons and from then
on, it has been a normal part of everyday life. I'm not saying I was the perfect
child who practised hours every day, but it was pretty natural. It was like
brushing your teeth. You come home, play some music, have a snack, maybe do some
homework and play some more."

When high school hit, she reacted like a normal teenager, rebuffing her
relationship to the violin (which had included membership in the Greater
Victoria Youth Orchestra) and the Celtic culture that often comes along with
fiddleplaying.

Though she chose to give it all up, including her accomplishments in Ottawa
Valley-style step dancing, she now considers the decision "essential" to her
personal and professional development.

"If I didn't take that break, I wouldn't realize now that music is something I
can't live without," she said. "Had I not taken that break, I would probably be
taking it all much more for granted. I've learned to appreciate it a lot more."

Ironically, her musical relationship with Landa, who has been at the helm of the
Paperboys since the mid-'90s, was a by-product of her self-imposed exile.

After her decision to reenter music on a full-time basis, to finally "make a go
of it," she started teaching. She also took on more gigs, beginning with regular
appearances alongside local singer-songwriter Jeremy Walsh at the popular Irish
Times pub.

She also performed with Victoria-based U.K.-bred Paul O'Brien, who took her on a
month-long U.K. tour in 2009. Thinking that some CDs would help offset the cost
of their dates in England, Wales, Scotland and Ireland, Hernandez quickly
recorded her debut, 2009's Later Than Last, with local producer Joby Baker. "And
I'm glad I did," she said, "because Joby hooked me up with Tom Landa."

At the time, the fiddle position in the Paperboys was being vacated by one of
Hernandez's friends, fellow Victoria musician Kendel Carson, and Landa needed
someone to fill it. The rest, as they say, is history.

Hernandez still performs in Victoria at least once a month, usually for two or
three dates at time. She has both strong ties to and strong memories of
Vancouver Island, a locale which played a unique and instrumental role in her
life to date.

She talked fondly about playing Friday night jams arranged by the Victoria
Fiddle Society, along with her time as a youth in fiddle legend Daniel Lapp's
B.C. Fiddle Orchestra. The fiddle community back then was ripe with local
talent, including her sister, Carson, Tania Elizabeth, Adrian Dolan and others.
Further help was provided by local organizations such as the Victoria Fiddle
Society, who have the spirit of collaboration alive in the city, Hernandez said.

"Even if things start to slip, there's enough people in the city now that
someone will go, 'Hang on a second, that's important.' "

Though it is essentially a small town, Hernandez said Victoria has produced some
big-time talent. She considers herself proud and honoured to even be mentioned
alongside some of it. "It never was regarded as a particularly important place
in Canadian fiddling, but having said that, we've produced a lot of people who
have gone on to make a career out of it."

mdevlin@timescolonist.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Darren Stone, Times Colonist; Kalissa Hernandez, seen here at the Irish
Times Pub on Government Street, will perform with three groups in the coming
months.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved

                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                              July 30, 2010 Friday

Country Hall to induct new nominees

BYLINE:

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 703  words


The list of artists inducted to be inducted into the New Brunswick Country Music
Hall of Fame has been released. I ran an interview with Herb Isbill, who is
being inducted with his late wife Lorraine in an earlier column, so I'll tell
you about the others this week.

Shirley Marie Haines was born in Bath and has been playing and singing country,
bluegrass and gospel for over 40 years. Haines sings in French and English. She
was in a duo for years with the late NBCMHF member Bill Canam and in a trio with
the late Doug Chase and banjoist Bob Jones.

Playing guitar, fiddle, keyboards, accordion, mandolin and harmonica, she has
played many gigs in Maine. For the last 10 years, she has hosted weekly country
jamborees in Woodstock.

Haines has also recorded two albums. Now living in Beechwood, she still performs
with Jones.

Dwane Harry Drost was born in Toronto, and at the age of eight, his parents
moved the family back to New Brunswick settling in Hartfield. Drost loved
country music and performed for the first time at the age of 14 in Woodstock.
Hearing the crowds applause, he was hooked and wanted to continue performing.

The self-taught singer, musician and songwriter performed in New Brunswick and
beyond. Drost was a regular on the Aubrey Hanson and Friends television show. He
released three albums, with two singles hitting the North American and European
charts. His song "Thank a Vet," saluting our military, gained international
recognition and he received letters from Queen Elizabeth II, British Prime
Minister Tony Blair and President George H.W. Bush. Drost has donated money from
his CD sales to charity and still performs at benefits and for seniors and
veterans. He is also involved in gospel music.

The late Doug Chase was born in Fredericton and grew up in Carleton County.
Self-taught, he learned fiddle as a boy and banjo later in life. He was a
long-time performer with The Valley Ramblers and was a founding member of the
Carleton County Fiddlers.

As part of a duo with Canam, he entertained many in nursing homes, hospitals and
at benefits. The duo were regular guests at the Shogamoc Railway Jamboree and
Kinman's Christmas Miracle shows. At Woodstock's 55th Old Home Week Fiddle and
Step Dancing Contest, he was given a plaque honouring his part in 50 of the 55
shows. After retiring, he settled in North Stickney and in his workshop
handcrafted 17 fiddles. HIs fiddle making was featured in a CBC television
segment.

The final nominee is Lawrence Frederick LaFrance. Born in Tilley, he grew up in
a musical family. He formed a fiddling group and performed several nights a
week. He auditioned for and joined George Maunder's Dance Band, playing lead
guitar for 25 years. He also took out the fiddle for jigs, reels and waltzes.
Later he took up piano, steel guitar, banjo and mandolin and performed with
Nackawic band Common People. He also joined and still performs with the
Perth-Andover Wednesday Night Fiddlers.

LaFrance has composed many fiddle tunes and taught fiddle to many students. Now
in his 70s, he loves playing from the thousands of tunes in his repertoire.

The gala event to mark the inductions will be held October 16 at the Carleton
North High School in Florenceville-Bristol. Hosted by former inductee Garold
Hanscom and his wife Dorothy, tickets are $40 for the gala event, including a
banquet, the ceremonies and concert. Tickets for the concert only are $15
advance, $18 at the door. A reception is being held at 4 p.m., the banquet at
4:30 p.m. and the concert at 8 p.m.

There will be a charted bus available that will leave Sackville the morning of
the event, with stops for passengers in Moncton, Sussex, Saint John and
Fredericton. For information about the bus package, call Fairway Tours at
854-1930 or 877-477-7076 or email lhmcmull@nb.sympatico.ca

lll

There will be an old time country music show and live auction on Friday, August
6 at the Kiwanis Center in Hillsborough. The event will be a benefit for Beverly
McNutt-Quesnel who is battling cancer. Showtime is 6:30 p.m. and admission is by
donation at the door.

On Saturday August 7, there will be a "C" Company country music jamboree at the
Kiwanis Center. Showtime is 7:30 p.m. and tickets are $10 at the door.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Pennsylvania: Westminster College to Host Scottish Fiddling Camp

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Westminster College, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following News
release:

Westminster College will host The Strathgheny School of Scottish Fiddling, a
week-long fiddling camp, June 21 - 27. Registration is open to the public.

The camp is designed for high school students and adults, with a primary focus
on authentic performance of traditional Scottish fiddle music. Dr. Melinda
Crawford Perttu, Westminster College professor of Music, U.S. National Scottish
Fiddling Champion, and Scottish F.I.R.E. sanctioned judge, is coordinating the
camp.

"Despite its very English name, Westminster College is going decidedly Scottish
this summer," shares Dr. Crawford Perttu. "We've heard bagpipes at important
events like graduation, but we're enthusiastic about introducing the Scottish
fiddle to campus."

Throughout the week, discussion will focus around bowing techniques,
ornamentation, interpretation, and rhythmic nuance. Additional instruction will
include accompanying, Scottish fiddle pedagogy, Scottish history, Ceilidh
(traditional party) dancing, and use of the Scottish fiddle within the context
of a performing group. Private lessons with fiddle instructors will be included,
as well as evening activities, and an instructor's concert.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Arkansas: Old Time Fiddle Weekend

LENGTH: 116  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Department of Parks & Tourism, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following event detail:

Old Time Fiddle Weekend
Ozark Folk Center State Park
September 19, 2014 - September 20, 2014
Admission: TBA

All fiddle all the time this weekend, with a special emphasis on traditional old
time Ozark style. Nightly concerts and instruction featuring some of the premier
players as well as a good ol' fashioned fiddle contest. For more information
please visit us online at www.ozarkfolkcenter.com.


Ozark Folk Center State Park
1032 Park Avenue
Mountain View, AR  72560
Ph: (870) 269-3851

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  http://www.arkansasstateparks.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Alberni Valley Times (British Columbia)

                           September 25, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Valley offers so much to do it's hard to keep up

BYLINE: Gareth Flostrand, Alberni Valley Times

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Art Beat; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 714  words


FIDDLE CONCERT TONIGHT

Often referred to as one of the smoothest fiddle players in North America, Patti
Lamoureux is known for her effortless delivery of some of the best traditional
fiddle music of all time.

With more than 15 recordings to her credit, Patti is in high demand for
performances, teaching, recording and judging fiddle contest across the
continent.

You can see Patti tonight at the Alberni Valley United Church at 7:30 p.m.

Tickets $15 are available at the Rollin Art Centre, Sound Advice Music and
Somass Drugs.

OUT OF THE DUST

In 2004, travel, art and science came together for Sam Hesse when he snatched
the opportunity to live on the island of Crete - the birthplace of Minoan
jewellery, Greek sculpture and Zeus himself.

On the shores of Malta, he wrote, carved sandstone from the cliffs of a
Neolithic cave palace nearby, and watched the sun melt into the Sea.

Sam and Todd Robinson's joint exhibit will be showing at the Rollin Art Centre
Gallery until Wednesday, Oct. 7, Tuesday to Saturday, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.

Free admission to the Gallery. Wheelchair accessible.

CAIRO TIME

Patricia Clarkson is radiant as the heart and soul of a film that evocatively
renders a middle-aged woman's search for herself when her children have just
left the nest and she is embarking on a new phase in life.

Most new beginnings do not happen in locales as exotic as Cairo. Stunningly
shot, this film flows like a distant dream in which a way forward is possible
despite the sadness over what is being left behind. Cairo Time plays at the
Paramount Theatre, Sept. 30 at 7 p.m. only. Tickets $6, are on sale at the
Rollin Art Centre and the Museum.

KEN LAVIGNE IN CONCERT

Centrestage!, the Performing Series presented by the Community Art Council is
proud to start their season with Canadian tenor, Ken Lavigne.

Ken has a long and impressive list of solo concerts and Symphony performances
over the short history of his career between 1997 and the present, including a
performance at Carnegie Hall in New York in March 2009 and in Los Angeles, with
David Foster in April 2009.

Ken will be performing at the Capitol Theatre, Friday Oct. 16, 7:30 p.m. Tickets
$18 adults, $16 seniors (65+) are on sale at the Rollin Art Centre, Echo Centre
and Somass Drugs.

All tickets at the door (cash only) are $20.

BOOK WANTED

Once again, the Community Arts Council is collecting gently used books, jigsaw
puzzles and movie DVDs for their annual book sale. Please drop off all donations
at the Rollin Art Centre, inside under the staircase. Please, no Encyclopaedia,
Readers Digest, National Geographic and textbooks.

ROLLIN GIFT SHOP

Available in the Rollin Art Centre's Gift Shop is glass jewellery by Carol Swan,
First Nations carvings by Cecil Dawson, beaded jewellery by Linda Requa,
watercolours by Mae LeBlanc, cedar baskets and jewellery by Jan E Green, glass
sushi sets by Alex Simmons, art magnets by Izabela Gereb, pottery by Elspeth
Watson and wood turned bowls by David Morton.

All Arts Council members receive 10% off the gift shop purchases.

CARTOONING 101

Do you find yourself doodling while in a meeting or on the phone? Do you often
wish you could draw better with your kids?

Register for a full day cartooning workshop to learn the basics of character
design, facial expressions, composition, perspective, lettering and comic
strips. Instructor Tim Huesken will host this workshop on Nov. 28, 10 a.m. to 4
p.m. in Victoria.To register call 250-385-9786.

PAINT IN CUBA

Join Phoenix Art Workshop owner Mark Glavina and artist Mike Radford on their
sixth International Painting excursion in 2010 to Cuba. Paint through the heart
of Cuba to Cienfuegos and to Trinidad. For more info call 604-448-1860.

TICKETS AT ROLLIN

Patti Lamoureux - AV United Church - Sept. 25

Cairo Time- Paramount Theatre - Sept. 30

Cheri - Paramount Theatre - Oct. 21

E-mail: communityarts@shawcable.com

The Rollin Art Centre is wheelchair accessible and admission is by donation.
Submit articles for this column to the Rollin Art Centre (preferably by e-mail)
by Friday noon for the following Friday's publication. Please limit the length
of your article to 150 words or less.

The Community Arts Council of the Alberni Valley enriches individual and
community life through sharing and shaping the cultural environment of the
Alberni Valley.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Alberni Valley Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            October 16, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

Favorites

BYLINE: Anna Fiorentino staff writer

SECTION: IHERALD; Favorites; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 437 words



The progressive music duo the Divine Maggees electrifies a contemporary sound
all the way from Rockland, where they started out in 2002, to Asheville, N.C.,
where they landed in 2005. The group, consisting of Cregan Montague on acoustic
and electric fiddles and Danielle Tibedo on acoustic and electric guitar,
released their first fully produced studio album called ''Love me Like the
Roses'' in 2005.

The positive momentum of the Divine Maggees continued into 2006 when the they
signed with OUTmedia's Shelly Weiss, who also represents big names like Melissa
Etheridge, Margaret Cho, Michele Balan and the Indigo Girls.

Montague has played violin and fiddle since she was a child. Her ambition has
taken her to corner pubs and stages in Ireland, England, France, Japan and
around the United States where her talent won her a spot on stage next to the
likes of Martin Hayes and Ani Difranco.

Montague attended Berklee College of Music and Wellesley College before her
musical pursuits collided with Tibedo's to form the group that has become a
divine success. Check out a few of Montague's favorite Web sites, which of
course includes the Maggees' at www.divinemaggees.com.


www.publikmusic.com: A Portland-based music management company that supports
independent artists. ''Publik Music is definitely one of my favorite sites on
the Web. Honestly, they have one of the best designs for browsing music and
really getting to know a new artist. I love that site.''


www.fiddleforum.com: A fiddle forum and blog for fiddle and alternative string
players. ''I check out this site every time I'm looking for a new way to amplify
my instruments or when I'm researching fiddle brands and equipment. Great
resource!''


womenfolk.net: A song blog dedicated to women and music. ''I love this site. The
woman who runs it features female musicians with great care and detail. I can
always find new music that I like (and she did an amazing feature on us a few
months ago).


www.gogirlsmusic.com: A site dedicated to bringing together female independent
musicians. ''This is a national collaborative of women musicians, forming a
network for performances, contests, etc. Fantastic.''


www.noaa.gov: The Web site of the National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration.
''This might be kind of nerdy, but this is my favorite site for weather. Other
interesting info about weather patterns and storms, etc ... ''


www.romanticasheville.com/hiking.html:A site that provides information about
Asheville, N.C. mountain hiking. ''Since we live in the mountains, I love to
hike, and there are tons of places to go and explore. It's beautiful everywhere
here.''




LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cregan Montague, above, and Danielle Tibedo play electric and acoustic
fiddles in a group called the Divine Maggees.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                            August 20, 2015 Thursday

Young fiddlers to shine in Metro

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 775 words


??Given the long-standing tradition of fiddle music in Atlantic Canada, it only
seems logical that the Canadian Grand Masters Fiddling Championship would find
its way to the region.

The festival is being celebrated with three events this coming Friday and
Saturday. Things kick off on Friday evening in Sackville where, at the Music
Barn, the Maritime Fiddlers Association is presenting an Old Time Dance.

Things move up the Trans-Canada Highway to Moncton's Capitol Theatre on
Saturday, which will hold both the preliminary competition as well as the finals
to determine who wins the title of Canadian Grand Master.

The Canadian Grand Masters Fiddling Association was incorporated in 1989,
conceived by a group of musicians steadfast in their determination to preserve
traditional fiddling within our borders.

The first Canadian Grand Masters Fiddling Competition was held in 1990. Each
year since then, approximately 30 fiddlers from across the country are invited
to compete for the title of Canadian Grand Master.

The competition was routinely held in Ottawa each year until 2013, when, for the
first time, it was brought to audiences in Western Canada. Following a return to
Ottawa last year, the Canadian Grand Masters Fiddling Championship arrives in
Atlantic Canada with great anticipation on the participants' as well as the
organization's part.

"It was the organization's director, Cathy Sproule, that had originally floated
the idea of moving the event out of Ottawa," organizer Stacey Read begins. "The
event was such a great success that the concept of moving it to different cities
really took hold."

Not only is Read the organizer of the Moncton edition of the Canadian Grand
Masters Fiddling Championship, she is also a past participant of the event,
lending her a unique insight into the competition.

A fiddler since the age of four, Read participated in her first Grand Masters
competition at the age of nine. She went on to study music business management
at Boston's respected Berklee School of Music. Following a yearlong stint in
Nashville, Read returned to the Maritimes in an effort to ensure that old time
fiddle music remained alive and relevant in the region, joining the Canadian
Grand Masters Fiddling Association shortly after.

Read feels encouraged by the reception that the Canadian Grand Masters Fiddling
events have been given thus far, helping allay potential fears that the audience
for traditional fiddle music is dwindling.

"Following my return from Nashville, I began teaching fiddle, step dance and
piano to students in Moncton and Sackville," she says, noting she has a
consistent roster of approximately 60 students. "At this year's competition, I
am lucky enough to have four of my students taking part."

Despite this weekend's Canadian Grand Masters Fiddling Championship being held
in a region that has had a consistent affiliation with fiddle music, Read says
that as organizer, she is not taking anything for granted.

"I am fortunate that, from my perspective, I have seen things from the
competition side of things as well as from the organizational side of things. In
addition to having competed myself when I was younger, I have also had students
involved in the competition over the course of the last five years," Read says.

"When it came to organizing this year's competition, I made sure to reach out to
people that have been involved in different capacities of the competition to see
what they have liked and what they didn't care for as much. Incorporating that
feedback is critical to making the event a success, both for the performers as
well as the patrons coming out to the shows. I ultimately want to try to deliver
something that will leave everybody remembering the Moncton competition for the
best of reasons."

Amélie de Arco is one of Read's students that will be taking part in the
Canadian Grand Masters Fiddling Championship on Saturday. Inspired by Riverdance
at a young age, de Arco was first involved with step dancing before she moved on
to learn the fiddle.

De Arco's performance this weekend will be the fourth Canadian Grand Masters
Fiddling Championship appearance.

A self-professed ball of nerves when it comes to competition, de Arco is
nonetheless looking forward to taking the stage.

"I tend to be a big ball of stress when I am in the midst of these events, but I
do try to have fun as well. It is a great event as it gives you the opportunity
to meet a lot of people from right across the country," she says.

Ken Kelley musicnerd.ca ?A Moncton-based writer and music fanatic, Ken Kelley is
also the author of entertainment blog musicnerd.ca !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Times &;
Transcript (Moncton)

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             August 17, 2008 Sunday

NEWS TO YOU;

BYLINE: Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: Pg. D2

LENGTH: 1198 words


Cass County

AVOCA - Schoolhouse Fiddle Workshop for folks who have never fiddled, 1-3 p.m.
Saturday, Old Avoca Schoolhouse.

Championship fiddler and fiddle book author Deborah Greenblatt will share hints
about beginning fiddling, shopping for a fiddle, reading music, playing by ear.
Fiddles will be available for participants to try.

Preregistration required; enrollment limited. Call (402) 275-3221 or e-mail
g-s@alltel.net

ELMWOOD - The second annual American Legion Post 247 Golf Tournament at
Grandpa's Woods on Sept. 7 will begin at 3 p.m. with a shotgun start. The
ninehole, two-person scramble costs $30 and includes meals and prizes.

The event is sponsored by Post 247, and all proceeds go toward replacing flags
and flagpoles at the Elmwood Cemetery.

Come for just the meal for the price of a donation. Call to register or reserve
a cart: Grandpa's Woods, (402) 994-2100 or Bonnie Brewer, (402) 994-5315.

Grandpa's Woods is at 5505 310th St. (or 2 miles north, 1 mile east and one-half
mile north of Elmwood).

Johnson County

STERLING - August events at the Sterling Senior Center:

Aug. 25: The school's telecare program begins for the year.

Aug. 27: Birthday party for all who have birthdays in August. Others welcome.
Music by the Gold Crest Band.

Gage County

BEATRICE - Tire amnesty and pesticide drum recycling will be 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Tuesday and Wednesday or until 300 tons have been collected.

No rims allowed, no tire retailers and tires must be from Gage County only.
Illegal dumping of tires outside of set hours will be prosecuted. Event is at
Gage County Fairgrounds parking lot.

For glyphosate and other pesticide drums, farmers can bring in 30-gallon, white
plastic drums. Drums must be rinsed, cleaned and drained. Other sizes of
containers won't be accepted, although drums can come from any county.

Sponsored by University of Nebraska-Lincoln Extension, Gage County Board of
Supervisors, Keep Beatrice/Gage County Beautiful and Gage County Agricultural
Society.

More information: (402) 228-4576 or 223-1384.

CLATONIA - The Clatonia Volunteer Fire and Rescue loin dinner

will be 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Sept. 7 at the Clatonia Community Center. Donations
will be accepted.

BEATRICE - Beatrice Community Hospital and Health Center's 55Plus will offer a
program on depression and bipolar disorder Aug. 27 at 7 p.m. at Parkview
Conference Center, 1216 S. Eighth St., Beatrice.

The presentation, by Virginia Swartz, Ph.D., of Blue Valley Behavioral Health of
Beatrice, will focus on the relationship between aging and depression and give
an explanation of bipolar disorder and the treatments available. She will cover
topics such as the common causes of depression in the elderly; what can be done
to treat this depression; and, what can be done to alleviate this depression.

Reservations are requested for the free public program. Call 55Plus coordinator
Deb Whaley at (402) 223-7227.

BEATRICE - Community Players will hold auditions for the musical "Children of
Eden" Aug. 18 and 19, beginning at 7 p.m., at the Players Theater, 412 Ella St.

The production requires a cast of five men, four women and a multigenerational
ensemble (ages 8 and up). Those auditioning will be asked to sing no more than
one minute of a song of their choice and read from the script. No appointment is
required.

Performances will be Oct. 7-12 and 17-19.

"Children of Eden" is based on Genesis and explores the relationship of parents
and children. For a complete description of the characters, go to
www.beatricecommun ityplayers.com. For information, call (402) 228-1801.

Lancaster County

EMERALD - Benefit dance for Becky Vandenberg at Pla Mor Ballroom on Friday.
Vandenberg, who has championed recycling and water quality issues in Emerald,
has been battling cancer for 2½ years.

Doors open at 7:30 p.m., band starts at 8:30 p.m. with raffle and silent
auction. $10 per person; $15 per couple. Donations also can be sent to TierOne
bank in care of Becky Vandenberg Fund.

LINCOLN - Lancaster County Commissioner Larry Hudkins was awarded the National
Association of Local Boards of Health's Midwest Regional Director's award
recently at the group's 16th annual conference (Step Forward Together: The 2008
Public Health Partners Conference) in Madison, Wis.

The award is given to a current or past local board of health member or
individual who has donated significant time and energy in supporting state
and/or local public health issues.

Hudkins has served on the Lancaster County Board of Commissioners since 1987 and
is vice chairman. He also serves on the Lincoln-Lancaster County Board of Health
and Lincoln-Lancaster Public Building Commission.

LINCOLN - Morgan Brehm of Lincoln captured the world champion yearling geldings
title at the Ford American Quarter Horse Youth Association World Championship
Show in Oklahoma City on Aug. 9.

Brehm showed her American Quarter Horse Imprintation, which is a 1-year-old
sorrel gelding.

In the yearling halter geldings competition, 21 entries competed for world
champion honors.

The American Quarter Horse Youth Association World Championship Show is the
world's largest, single-breed youth world championship show.

LINCOLN - Screenings to reduce stroke or heart attack risk

will be Wednesday and Aug. 27 at Lincoln City Church and Horizons Community
Church.

Life Line Screening will be at the Lincoln City Church, 5001 S. First St., on
Aug. 20 and the Horizons Community Church, 3200 Grainger Road Parkway, on Aug.
27. Appointments begin at 9 a.m.

Pick any four screenings for $140 or all eight screenings for $199.

For information on the screenings or to schedule an appointment, call (800)
643-6188. Preregistration is required.

MALCOLM - The fifth annual Malcolm Auto Show will be today in the park.
Registration, 9 a.m. to noon; show, noon to 4 p.m.; awards, 3:30 p.m. All
proceeds go to the Children's Park Fund of Malcolm. Concessions available.

WAVERLY - The Waverly Fire Department benefit for Justin Stineman will be 3-7
p.m. Aug. 24 at Hamlow Elementary in Waverly.

Stineman, a 32-year-old member of the department, received the department's
award for Firefighter of the Year in 2006. He is fighting his second battle with
cancer in two years.

Stineman is the son of John and Carmen Stineman of Utica and is married to Kelcy
(Hummel) Stineman, daughter of Bud and Ginny Hummel of Waverly. They have a
16-month-old daughter, Leah.

The benefit will have lots of children's activities, including a bounce house,
face painting, temporary tattoos and clowns. There also will be a silent auction
and freewill offering picnic dinner.

Information: www.sup portjustin.com/

Send us your news

Information about activities and events of interest to readers throughout
Southeast Nebraska will be included in News to You. There is no charge, but
submissions must be received two weeks before publication. Space available may
limit publication to one time only. Please include a daytime telephone number
where we can contact you if needed. To send items to News to You: Mail: News to
You, Lincoln Journal Star, .O. Box 81689, Lincoln NE, 68501. E-mail:
citydesk@journalstar.com Please put News to You in the subject line. Questions:
Call 800-742-7315, ext. 2651 or (402) 473-2651. More on Page 6D

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2009 Monday

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved

                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            October 7, 2004 Thursday

MUSIC NOTES

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 635 words


Get ready to fiddle with history

"Fiddling in the Classroom," a free brownbag lecture and demonstration, will be
presented at noon Friday at the Visual Arts Gallery in the Health Sciences
Building at the University of Illinois at Springfield. David Algeo Smith and
Sharon Graf will present the discussion on the socio-cultural role the fiddle
has played in North American history. Smith and Graf will also share ways they
have found to incorporate fiddle tunes from various eras into their teaching.

The 2004 champion of the Indiana State Hot Fiddle competition, Smith also
teaches violin at Suzuki schools in Aurora and Oshkosh, Wis. He recently
released an album, "This Big String Band: The Next Small Thing."

Graf, an assistant professor of sociology and anthropology at UIS, is at work
converting a 1999 dissertation about the National Oldtime Fiddlers' contest into
a book. She also teaches music history and appreciation courses at UIS, directs
the UIS chorus and plays violin in the UIS chamber ensemble.

For more information, call 206-6570.

Celebrate, sing and swing

The Sound Celebration Chorus of Springfield will present its annual show,
"Singin' and Swingin' at the Center," at 7:30 p.m. Saturday in Theater One at
the Hoogland Center for the Arts, 420 S. Sixth St.

Reserved seats are $12 and general admission tickets are $10, and are available
by calling 523-2787. Doors open at 7 p.m.

Lori Ann Fahnders and Debbie Holmes will be guest performers. The quartets
"Simply a Cappella" and "Upstart" also will be featured. A portion of proceeds
will be given to the Center for the Arts.

The Sound Celebration Chorus, directed by Roseann Haven, is the Springfield
chapter of Sweet Adelines International. The chorus recently placed first in the
small-chorus category of their regional chorus competition.

Tom Irwin to celebrate 10 years on the 10th

Tom Irwin and the Hired Hands will celebrate their 10th anniversary of
Sunday-night performances at the Brewhaus, 617 E. Washington, this Sunday on
Oct. 10.

Numerous special guests, including Frank Trompeter, will join Irwin and his band
for a performance from 8 p.m. to 1 a.m.

The Brewhaus opened Oct. 14, 1994 and began playing that first Sunday and almost
every one since then.

"People have taken to calling it church and come back week after week for
years," Irwin writes in an e-mail. "Some move away and come back again on
holidays and attend the service."

Irwin has never used a song list, trying not to repeat very often and sometimes
writing improv songs on the spot.

Catch blues in Bloomington this weekend

More than a dozen central Illinois blues bands and several solo acts will
compete for a spot in a national competition Saturday and Sunday in the third
annual Central Illinois Blues Challenge.

The competition begins at 6 p.m. Saturday and noon Sunday at Juju's Sports Bar
and Grill, 525 N. Center in Bloomington.

Doors open an hour earlier each day, and cover is $3 or $2 for members of a
participating blues society (which includes Springfield's Illinois Central Blues
Club).

Bands performing Saturday are South Side Cindy and the Slip-Tones, Blues 30,
Bruiser and the Virtues, Dave Chastain Band, Full Circle, Soggy Bottom Blues
Band and Rooster Alley. Solo acts performing Sunday include Joe Asseline, David
Berchtold, Barbara Hamilton and Nick Boettcher. More bands will round out the
day, with Cobalt Canopy, the Edge, 6V6, Fishbone Willie, Beelzebubba and the
Hoochie Coochie Man Boys and Steve the Harp Blues Band.

The top band and solo act will be sent to the International Blues Challenge in
Memphis, Tenn. in February 2005. Each competitor will perform for 30 minutes and
be judged on blues content, stage presence, originality and talent.

For more information, call 649-1990.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2004 The State Journal-Register

                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           October 20, 2011 Thursday

Main Street Arts serves a smorgasbord of Swedish music

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 301 words


Thursday, October 20, 2011

SAXTONS RIVER - The sound of Swedish music will ring the hall at Main Street
Arts on Sunday, Oct. 23, when fiddlers Andrea Larson and lydia levins present
"Folk Fiddling Across Sweden: A Smorgasbord of Musical Traditions." The visual
and audio tour begins with a smorgasbord at 6 p.m., followed by the concert at
7:15 p.m. Admission to the dinner and concert is $15, or $10 for the concert
only.

Larson and levins will give a tour of Swedish fiddle traditions, including the
national instrument the nyckelharpa or key-fiddle, playing fiddle music rich
with harmonies and offering a glimpse of dances to match the tunes. They will
present contemplative listening tunes, a sampling of distinctive melodies and
rhythms from different villages, snippets of traditional singing, folklore and
more.

The concert is sponsored by Douglas C. Cox, violin maker, who made the
instruments the duo will be playing.Larson's two-decade passion for Swedish folk
music and dance has led to performances across the Northeast and in Sweden. She
has fiddled for Christmas Revels in New York and Boston, toured nationally as a
soprano in the Waverly Consort's "American Journey," and appeared as a special
guest in concert with the Grammy-nominated trio Hoag Kelley Pilzer.

levins infuses her fiddling with musicality, grace and precision, whether
playing Scandinavian, contra or English Country dance music. Recently, she has
turned her hand to composing tunes inspired by Swedish traditions, some of which
are showcased in "Northlands," her newly released CD with fiddler Bruce Sagan.

A limited number of tickets will be sold for the smorgasbord, so early
reservations are encouraged. Reservations can be made by contacting MSA at 802-
869-2960 or MSA@sover.net More information is at www.MainStreetArts.org.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 21, 2013 Sunday
                                    National

Down-Home Fiddling the Way It Really Used to Be

BYLINE: By MICHAEL HOINSKI.

mhoinski@texasmonthly.com

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; TEXAS MONTHLY; Pg. 25B

LENGTH: 865 words


During the mid-19th and early 20th centuries, a distinctive form of fiddle music
emerged in Texas. Known for idiosyncratic timing and phrasing, this style was
commonly played with banjos or guitars on front porches or in living rooms, less
for show than for social interaction. It reflected the cross-pollination in
Texas after the Civil War, with touches of African-American, Appalachian, Cajun,
Czech, German, Irish, Mexican, Polish and Scottish musical forms.

''And then it just evaporated,'' said Howard Rains, an Austin musician and one
of the few people in the state who performs this nearly extinct genre of
fiddling. ''It was just gone. Everything changed after the Depression.''

Mr. Rains, 43, has established himself as an authority on old Texas-style
fiddling with his recently released album ''The Old Texas Fiddle,'' dedicated to
preserving this hand-me-down music, which was rarely recorded or committed to
sheet music.

Western swing and contest-style fiddling all but buried old Texas fiddle music.
In the 1930s, the Texas bandleader Bob Wills took the fiddle out of its folk
environs -- the cotton fields near Kosse, where he grew up -- and into dance
halls and onto the radio. Bob Wills and His Texas Playboys, a large band with
multiple fiddles, played western swing, a mix of country and jazz that raised
spirits dampened by the Great Depression.

Meanwhile, Texas contest-style fiddling was undergoing an overhaul. In the late
1920s, Benny Thomasson, an acclaimed old Texas fiddler from near Gatesville,
suffered a tough loss in his very first contest.

He went back to the woodshed and reworked older melodies into arrangements that
required a virtuoso's skills to play, then went on to win 15 state
championships, evolving contest-style fiddling into today's improvisational game
of packing as many notes into a space as possible. Mr. Rains calls it ''fiddling
on steroids.''

''It's the greatest fiddling ever known to man,'' Mr. Rains said. ''Or it's this
horrible aberration that's overrun the old styles.''

Mr. Rains, a sixth-generation Texan who grew up in Sherman but calls Marshall
his family's ''cultural home,'' began playing violin in elementary school.

''In orchestra, I was always last chair,'' he said with a laugh.

He was around 30 years old when he inherited a set of fiddles, including a
250-year-old German one and a 100-year-old one built for his grandfather by the
Dallas-based violin maker F. A. Sennett. They had been played by men in his
family going back to his great-grandfather, the former director of the North
Texas Hospital for the Insane.

Mr. Rains started with common fiddle tunes like ''Soldier's Joy'' and ''Cripple
Creek'' but soon gravitated to older, more obscure songs. He began adding his
own flourishes, creating the interpretations on his album.

Mr. Rains learned ''Goodbye My Little Darlin','' as played by Lewis H. Propps of
Pleasanton, from a recording by Mike Seeger, the half-brother of Pete Seeger.
Mr. Rains drew on his roots in East Texas and southern Louisiana, peppering the
song with a Cajun vibe, adding a second fiddler, emphasizing the first beat and
using a strict down-up bowing pattern common in Cajun waltzes.

He went directly to the source for ''Nacogdoches Waltz'' and ''Mowing the
Meadow,'' a variation of the Appalachian standard ''Sugar in the Gourd.''
Stafford Harris from Nacogdoches, one of the last of the old-time Texas
fiddlers, taught them to Mr. Rains before his death in 2010.

''No one's done this research because nobody cared, because you couldn't win a
contest and you couldn't turn a buck,'' said Mark Rubin, the former bassist for
the Austin band the Bad Livers, who steered Mr. Rains away from Appalachian
music and back toward his Texas heritage. ''The fact that there's even a single
person in Texas who wants to peel back that narrative and join with the holistic
way of making music is incredibly admirable.''

The album's standout track is ''Peep O'Day,'' a dance number known to only a
few. It's one of six songs on the album by Duck Wootan of Junction (whose real
first name was Thomas Jefferson). They made their way to his grandson Tim
Wooten, who knows Mr. Rains through the Austin Friends of Traditional Music.
This highly unusual tune uses a wide range of notes and is ''crooked''; it has
an uneven number of beats per measure in the first and second parts of the song,
causing them to fold into one another almost indistinctly.

''Howard probably has worked harder and longer to perfect his fiddle technique
than anybody I know,'' Mr. Wooten said. ''He's very fluid and polished.''

The album even has popular contest-style tunes like ''Tom & Jerry'' and ''Grey
Eagle.'' But they're arranged in a way that may stump contest-style fiddlers.
This goes to show that no one really knows where many of these fiddle tunes
originated -- or where they're going, maybe when Mr. Rains's son, Isaiah, who
plays fiddle on ''Put Your Little Foot,'' comes into his own.

''I don't pretend to be presenting museum pieces,'' said Mr. Rains, also an
accomplished painter. ''I internalize this music and make it my own. I
obsessively listen to these old fiddlers, so I think I have the right to do what
I want with it.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/21/us/down-home-fiddling-the-way-it-really-used-t
o-be.html

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Howard Rains, 43, laments a lost local style. ''Everything
changed after the Depression,'' he said. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOHN STANSELL)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company

                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 13, 2015 Sunday

Scottish spirit prevails at Edinboro University competition

BYLINE: Greg Wohlford, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 237 words


Sept. 13--Gray skies and persistent rain didn't dampen spirits at the Edinboro
Highland Games & Scottish Festival at Edinboro University of Pennsylvania on
Saturday.

Heavy Athletic competitions were held on the lawn while fiddle, harp and bagpipe
judging took place in campus halls. Dancers, pipe bands and drummers also
competed.

Seán Heely, a 21-year-old senior at the University of South Carolina, traveled
to compete for the Scottish Fiddle Founder's Trophy, presented to the Open class
winner of Saturday's National Competition. The Portsmouth, Va., native is a
classically trained violinist who plays bluegrass, gypsy and jazz for fun but
said his passion is Scottish Fiddle.

Outside, Douglas Sanders, owner of Union Jack and a vendor of Scottish goods,
covered clan ties and shirts with plastic as rain increased.

Thick leather belts and heavy stockings were moved away from streams of water
falling from the tent top. Sanders, 71, was raised in Glasgow, Scotland, and now
travels the U.S. visiting festivals from his home in Florida.

Ryan Stoltz, 31, won the five-event Heavy Athletic contest. The Madison, Ohio,
man competed in the caber toss, weight over-the-bar, stone toss and other
contests.

Greg Wohlford can be reached at 870-1696 or by e-mail. Follow him at
@ETNWohlford.

___ (c)2015 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150913-EI-Scottish-spirit-prevails-at-Edinboro-University-competition-0913-201
50913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2015 Erie Times-News

                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             March 25, 2012 Sunday

Locals do well in fiddle championships

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 202 words


OROVILLE   Four local fiddlers and one picker won championships during last
weekend's California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championship Contest
in Oroville:

* Ron Aglin is The California State Senior-Senior Fiddle Champion (70 and
older).

* Amanda Culbreath is the California State Junior-Junior Fiddle Champion (12 and
under).

* Francis McDonough California State Junior Picking Champion (17 and under).

* Christopher and Amy Culbreath are the California State Champion Junior Twin
Fiddlers. This is the second consecutive year they have won.

They are eligible to compete for the National Championships in Weiser, Idaho.
Leon Ranney, 84, was honored as the "Oldest Fiddler" competing in the contest.

Other Oroville (District 1) fiddlers who placed high in the state-wide
competition include:

Peewee Fiddlers (8 and under)   Lianne Huber second; Monica McDonoughs third.

Junior-Junior Fiddlers (12 and under)   Elizabeth McDonough fourth.

Junior Fiddlers (17 and under)   Christopher Culbreath second; Amy Culbreath
third; Francis McDonough fifth.

Junior (17 and under) Twin Fiddles   Juliann and Francis McDonough second;
Elizabeth and Monica McDonough fourth.

Anything Goes (any age)   Allison Woodruff fourth.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                           January 15, 2009 Thursday
                               STATEWIDE EDITION

HOW THE BAGEL LADY SHED 200 POUNDS

BYLINE: CAROLE GOLDBERG

SECTION: CAL; THE WRITE STUFF; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1129 words


Kim Bensen, a Shelton author who lost more than 200 pounds in two years and
found a new career as a weight-loss coach and owner of Kim's Light Bagels, will
speak Wednesday at 7 p.m. at R.J. Julia Booksellers, 768 Boston Post Road,
Madison.

Bensen's book, "Finally Thin: How I Lost Over 200 Pounds and Kept Them Off - And
How You Can Too" (Broadway Books, $22.95) combines her inspiring personal story,
informative assessments of the methods and costs of diets popular today,
motivational guidance and recipes. Her low-key, good-humored and frank approach
to the problems of overeating and the challenges of finding a healthy,
successful weight-loss plan makes the book useful and encouraging.

Also at R.J. Julia this week is Pulitzer Prize-winning historian Edwin G.
Burrows, who will speak Monday at 7 p.m. about his latest book, "Forgotten
Patriots: The Untold Story of American Prisoners During the Revolutionary War"
(Perseus, $27.50.) The book tells about the British prison camps in New York,
where nearly 20,000 American patriots died.

Both appearances are free, but reservations are required and can be made by
calling 203-245-3959.

FIDDLE FADDLE

Ken Waldman doesn't fiddle around. Well, actually he does, but in a very
productive way.

Having lived there for 23 years, he's become known as Alaska's Fiddling Poet and
has six poetry collections and seven CDs to his credit. His performances combine
readings of his poems, the telling of stories set in that state and original and
traditional Appalachian-style fiddle tunes.

Waldman will appear Friday at 7:30 p.m. at the Buttonwood Tree, 605 Main St.,
Middletown, where he will talk about his latest book, "Are You Famous?"
(Catalyst Book Press, $15), a memoirabout his touring since 1995 and a guide for
traveling artists. He will also feature his 2008 double-CD, "55 Tunes, 5 Poems"
and his 2009 CD "Some Favorites." Appearing with him will be Brian Slattery of
Hamden, a novelist who writes for the New Haven Advocate and also plays the
banjo. Suggested donation for the performance is $10.

On Saturday , Waldman will do two family shows at Buttonwood: at 10 a.m. for
kids 2 to 6 and at 11:30 a.m. for kids of all ages. Admission is $5 for adults,
$3 for children ($5 for two children) or $15 per family.

Also on Saturday, at 7 p.m., Buttonwood will present John Sheirer, author of
"Loop Year: 365 Days on the Trail" (Publishing Works, $15.95). His memoir
recounts how Sheirer hiked and cared for the same 2-mile nature trail in Somers
each day for a year. The book has an emphasis on environmental awareness and
humor. His talk is free.

Information on Buttonwood events: 860-347-4957.

A NOT-SO-ORDINARY EVENING

A Yale professor and novelist and an essayist and editor of the New Haven Review
will present the first program of the 2009 Ordinary Evenings Reading Series at
the Anchor Bar in New Haven on Tuesday at 7 p.m.

Barry McCrea teaches comparative literature at Yale. His novel "The First Verse"
was selected for the Barnes & Noble Discover Great New Writers program and won
other awards.

Mark Oppenheimer, of New Haven, has written two books, "Knocking on Heaven's
Door: American Religion in the Age of Counterculture" and "Thirteen and a Day:
The Bar and Bat Mitzvah Across America." He also has written for The New York
Times Magazine and Slate, among other publications, in addition to editing the
New Haven Review.

The readings are held in the Mermaid Room of the Anchor Bar, 272 College St.,
New Haven. Admission is free. Information: 203-865-1512.

WORDS AND MUSIC IN MANCHESTER

There'll be poetry and music as the monthly Mishi-maya-gat Spoken Word and Music
Series continues today from 7 to 9 p.m. at Manchester Community College.

Guitarist and singer/songwriter Lydia Fortune, whose work spans many musical
genres, and Venezuelan-born guitarist Miguel Melendez will entertain at 7 p.m.

At 8 p.m., poets Jeff Cannon and Gray Jacobik will read. Cannon's collection,
"Intimate Witness: The Carol Poems," will be published by Goose River Press.
Jacobik, a former professor of literature at Eastern Connecticut State
University, has published several collections and won many plaudits for her
work.

The free program is held in Fireside Commons on Great Path on the MCC campus and
is hosted by Stephen Campiglio. Information: 860-512-2824.

TELLING A STORY ABOUT MUSIC

The president of the National Association of Black Storytellers, Dylan Pritchett
of Virginia, will visit Bloomfield schools this week and also give a free talk
at Prosser Library tonight at 6:30.

Pritchett, who participates in the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts
Partners in Education program, has written his first book, "The First Music"
(August House, $16.95), a picture book illustrated by Erin Bennett Banks.

The library is at 1 Tunxis Ave., Bloomfield. To register to attend, call
860-242-2972.

THE BANKER AND THE BIOGRAPHER

The author of a biography of a Connecticut insurance executive and banker and
the subject of his book will appear together Saturday in West Hartford Center to
sign copies of "Bow Tie Banker" (Publishing LLC, $26).

Author Lennie Grimaldi and David E. A. Carson, the "bow tie banker," will be at
Bookworm, 968 Farmington Ave., at 11 a.m.

The book details Carson's innovative career at The Hartford Insurance Group and
later, as the head of what is now People's United Bank.

Information: 860-233-2653.

THE ROLE OF READING

The Farmington River Literary Arts Center's Sunday "Readings By the River"
programs are continuing at 40 Mill Lane, Farmington.

The series includes talks by Jan Owens of Millrace Books about books that
emphasize the role of reading in the lives of leaders and artists, followed by
Open Mic sessions for local authors to share works-in-progress of no more than
10 minutes in fiction, memoir, essays, poetry and short story format.

On Sunday , the readings will be from "The Seven Worlds of Theodore Roosevelt,"
who was an avid reader.

Admission is $10, with a 20 percent discount for students and center founders.
It is free for Open Mic participants.

For reservations, call 860-677-9662. Information also is available at
wwwfrlac.org.

The center also will offer Mind Sharpener Workshops from the New England
Cognitive Center, which aim to strengthen memory and concentration and stimulate
the brain. The four one-hour sessions will be held at 1:30 p.m. on Tuesday and
Jan. 22, 27 and 29. The application fee is $150; $120 for FRLAC members.
Information: 860-677-9662.

*Carole Goldberg, a former books editor at The Courant, is a member of the
National Book Critics Circle. Additional news of book events can be found in the
CAL listings. To have your book-related information considered for The Write
Stuff, please e-mail information and a jpeg to cgoldberg41@gmail.com at least
two weeks before the event takes place.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 1: (b&w) PHOTO 2: (b&w) cover
 PHOTO 1: KIM BENSEN of Shelton will discuss "Finally Thin," her book about her
200-pound weight-loss journey. PHOTO 2: Uncaptioned

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           August 26, 2015 Wednesday

Labor Day weekend to bring in hundreds of contra dancers

BYLINE: Special to the Reformer

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 386 words


BRATTLEBORO   Dawn dances are a long-standing tradition here in Brattleboro, and
this Labor Day weekend hundreds of contra dancers of all ages from the New
England region and beyond will be converging downtown for yet another all-night
event at the Gibson-Aiken Center at 207 Main Street. Beginning at 8 p.m. on
Sunday, Sept. 6 and continuing until 7 a.m. on Monday morning, three excellent
bands and three nationally-known callers and upwards of 400 dancers will be
joined in a joyful and merry-making event in the upstairs gym of the center.

Starting off the evening at 8 p.m. is the Greenfield/Brattleboro-based band,
Wild Asparagus, widely popular in this country and abroad as one of the very
best in this genre. Local Greenfielders, David Cantieni (winds) and Ann Percival
(piano/guitar), and Bratttleboro resident Becky Tracy (fiddle) anchor this band;
George Marshall from Belchertown Mass. will call all the dances and play
concertina, and Mark Murphy from Penn. is the bass player.

The second band from upstate New York is Great Bear Trio, known all over the
country for its very innovative music, some written by band members. This is a
family band of two brothers, Noah and Andrew VanNorstrand, who play fiddles,
guitar, mandolin, as well as other instruments, and their mother, Kim Yerton on
piano. Andrew's wife, Sarah, is an ace caller with a lovely presence. The trio
will play a set of couple dances before resuming the contra dance at 12:30 a.m.

The third band, Sassafras Stomp, hails from Maine and is making its debut here,
although the caller, Nils Fredland, is very well-known both in this area and
around the country for his presence and command of the teaching. The trio is
Johanna Davis on fiddle, Adam Nordell, guitar, and John Pranio, banjo and fiddle
, and their sound is ebullient to say the least.

All dances are taught. Tickets and information are available online at:
www.dawndance.org or at the door at 7:30 p.m. while supplies last. Dancers are
encouraged to buy ahead of time if at all possible. General admission is $25 and
$20 for students and seniors. There is always a need for volunteers, and by
doing some of this work to help run the event, admission fee is returned. Clean
sneakers or soft-soled shoes are required. Call 802-451-0822 for more
information or email info@dawndance.org

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brattleboro-based Wild Asparagus to be one the bands for Brattleboro's
Dawn Dance.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                           December 9, 2010 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

BYLINE: Bob Workmon; StarNews Correspondent

SECTION: Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 546 words


Somewhere on a highway out there is a bus on its way from Ontario, Canada, to
Wilmington. Aboard is a group of musicians led by Natalie MacMaster, one of the
most prodigious fiddle players in the world. She's touring the eastern United
States to perform holiday concerts billed as "Christmas in Cape Breton," and
she'll be at Thalian Hall on Wednesday, Dec. 15.

MacMaster, who last played Thalian in 2005, called from the road last week while
"11 months pregnant" with her fourth child, she said. (The actual due date is
around New Year's.)

At 38, MacMaster has the life she wants, balancing motherhood, marriage (to
Donnell Leahy, another outstanding fiddler and member of the Leahy family band)
and a farm in Ontario with a career as the most famous contemporary exponent of
the Cape Breton fiddle tradition.

Cape Breton, an island connected by causeway to the rest of the Canadian
province of Nova Scotia, is home to a fiddle tradition that came from the
Scottish Highlands, one influenced heavily by the sounds of Highland bagpipes
and the Gaelic language brought to the island by Scots banished from their
homeland near the start of the 18th century.

MacMaster said the key to the appeal of Cape Breton fiddle music lies in its
simplicity.

"It's easy to understand, with (a) real strong drive. It's light-hearted but can
be musically deep as well," MacMaster said. "We don't use a lot of slurs, or do
so sparingly, and we don't use (finger) rolls," she said, describing some of the
characteristics of Cape Breton fiddle playing that distinguish it from Irish,
old-time Appalachian and bluegrass fiddle styles.

"We play double grace notes - very Scottish - and use more continuous bowing,"
she said. "It's kind of like the difference between different dialects in
speaking a language - many little details that are hard to describe, but you
know it when you hear it."

The styles and arrangements represented in her concerts and recordings are
diverse. MacMaster has performed with such celebrated and different musicians as
classical cello superstar Yo-Yo Ma and rock guitarist Carlos Santana, finding
the places where the various musical traditions connect while preserving the
essence of what makes each one unique, often riding the tensions between those
differences to make something more broadly appealing.

MacMaster's Christmas show, however, is just that - an unabashed celebration of
the Christian holiday in both familiar religious and secular music, as well as
some Cape Breton fiddle tunes.

"We grew up with the hymns and the secular tunes," MacMaster said of her
Christmases growing up in Nova Scotia. "That's when we party, and live music is
a part of every celebration (at a time) when almost everybody's available.
Fiddler after fiddler after fiddler plays, the cr<0x00E8>me de la cr<0x00E8>me,
starting at six or seven in the evening and going until three or four in the
morning."

MacMaster's band includes Mac Morin on piano, JD Blair on drums, Nathaniel Smith
on cello, John Chiasson on bass and vocals, and her husband's niece, Emily
Flack, who will sing and do most of the dancing usually done by MacMaster.

"I don't sing, and I'm under doctor's orders not to hop," MacMaster said.

But there may be plenty of foot-tapping from everyone else.

Features: 343-2343

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Alberni Valley Times (British Columbia)

                           September 18, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Cozy up this fall, with some culture

BYLINE: Gareth Flostrand, Alberni Valley Times

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Art Beat; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 736  words


FIDDLE THE EVENING AWAY

Often referred to as one of the smoothest fiddle players in North America, Patti
Lamoureux is known for her effortless delivery of some of the best traditional
fiddle music of all time.

With more than 15 recordings to her credit, Patti is in high demand for
performances, teaching, recording and judging fiddle contest across the
continent.

You can see Patti Sept. 25 at the Alberni Valley United Church at 7:30 p.m.
Tickets ($15) are available at the Rollin Art Centre, Sound Advice Music and
Somass Drugs.

DUSTY DUO OPEN ART SHOW

The news show on in the Rollin Centre Art Gallery is Out of the Dust.

In 2004, travel, art and science came together for Sam Hesse when he snatched
the opportunity to live on the island of Crete, the birthplace of Minoan
jewellery, Greek sculpture and Zeus himself.

On the shores of Malta, he wrote, carved sandstone from the cliffs of a
neolithic cave palace nearby, and watched the sun melt into the sea.

Sam and Todd Robinson's joint exhibit will be showing at the Rollin Art Centre
Gallery until Wednesday, Oct. 7, Tuesday to Saturday, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.

FILM FEST PART II

The next instalment in Film Fest Port Alberni is Cairo Time.

Patricia Clarkson is radiant as the heart and soul of a film that evocatively
renders a middle-aged woman's search for herself when her children have just
left the next and she is embarking on a new phase in life.

Most new beginnings do not happen in locales as exotic as Cairo.

Stunningly shot, this film flows like a distant dream in which a way forward is
possible despite the sadness over what is being left behind.

Cairo Time plays at the Paramount Theatre, Wednesday, Sept. 30 at 7 p.m. only.

Tickets, $6, are on sale at the Rollin Art Centre and the Alberni Valley Museum.

KEN LAVIGNE IN CONCERT

Centrestage!, the performance series presented by the Community Art Council is
proud to start their season with Canadian tenor, Ken Lavigne.

Ken has a long and impressive list of solo concerts and symphony performances
over the short history of his career between 1997 and the present, including a
performance at Carnegie Hall in New York in March 2009 and in Los Angeles, with
David Foster in April 2009.

Lavigne will be performing at the Capitol Theatre, Friday, Oct. 16, 7:30 p.m.

Tickets are $18 for adults, $16 for seniors (65+) are on sale at the Rollin Art
Centre, Echo Centre and Somass Drugs.

All tickets at the door (cash only) are $20.

BOOKS WANTED

Once again, the Community Arts Council is collecting gently used books, jigsaw
puzzles and movie DVDs for their annual book sale.

Please drop off all donations at the Rollin Art Centre, inside under the
staircase. Please, no encyclopaedia, Readers Digest, National Geographic or
textbooks.

ROLLIN GIFT SHOP

Available in the Rollin Art Centre's gift shop is glass jewellery by Carol Swan,
First Nations carvings by Cecil Dawson, beaded jewellery by Linda Requa,
watercolours by Mae LeBlanc, cedar baskets and jewellery by Jan E Green, glass
sushi sets by Alex Simmons, art magnets by Izabela Gereb, pottery by Elspeth
Watson and wood turned bowls by David Morton.

All Arts Council members receive 10% off gift shop purchases.

CATOONING 101

Do you find yourself doodling while in a meeting or on the phone? Do you often
wish you could draw better with your kids?

Register for a full day cartooning workshop to learn the basics of character
design, facial expressions, composition, perspective, lettering and comic
strips.

Instructor Tim Huesken will host this workshop on Saturday, Nov. 28, 10 a.m. to
4 p.m. in Victoria.

To register call 250-385-9786.

PAINT IN CUBA

Join Phoenix Art Workshop owner Mark Glavina and artist Mike Radford on their
sixth international painting excursion in 2010 to Cuba.

Paint through the heart of Cuba to Cienfuegos and to Trinidad. For more info
call 604-448-1860.

TICKETS AT ROLIN ART CENTRE

Patti Lamoureux

AV United Church

Sept. 25

Cairo Time

Paramount Theatre

Sept. 30

Cheri

Paramount Theatre

Oct. 21

» E-mail: communityarts@shawcable.com Submit articles for this column to the
Rollin Art Centre (preferably by e-mail) by Friday noon for the following
Friday's publication.

Please limit the length of your article to 150 words or less. The Rollin Art
Centre is wheelchair accessible and admission is by donation.

The Community Arts Council of the Alberni Valley enriches individual and
community life through sharing and shaping the cultural environment of the
Alberni Valley.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Alberni Valley Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Duluth musician Gaelynn Lea records 'Tiny Desk Concert' for NPR

BYLINE: Christa Lawler, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 475 words


March 11--For her Tiny Desk Concert at the headquarters of National Public
Radio, Duluth musician Gaelynn Lea opted for a haunting original tune, an old
instrumental fiddle piece and two songs with special guest Alan Sparhawk of Low.

"It gave a good picture of what I (do)," Lea said Friday, a few hours after the
concert was posted online.

Lea, 32, was the grand prize winner of a national contest that drew about 6,000
video entries. The announcement was made late last week, and earlier this week
she traveled to Washington, D.C. to record the four-song set in front of an
audience of about 200 -- including her husband Paul Tressler and several other
family members.

Tiny Desk Concerts -- recorded on video and posted online -- are a regular
feature of NPR and have featured a wide range of artists over the years,
including Adele, John Legend, Wilco and Duluth's Low and Trampled By Turtles.

Lea opened her Tiny Desk Concert with "Someday We'll Linger in the Sun," the
song she originally submitted as her contest entry. She followed with
"Southwind," which she described to the crowd as being hundreds of years old.

Sparhawk, who is in The Murder of Crows with Lea, joined her for "Bird Song," a
peppier tune with traces of her Irish fiddle roots. They closed with "Moment of
Bliss," and Sparhawk provided the harmony.

In between, Lea talked about what led her to play the violin, her process, her
relationship with Sparhawk and her route to submitting a video in the contest.

Producer Bob Boilen said in a short write-up: "There was hardly a dry eye."

Lea is a musician, fiddle teacher and public speaker, advocating for people with
disabilities. She was born with brittle bone disease that curbed her growth, and
she uses a motorized wheelchair. She plays the fiddle in an upright position,
somewhat like a cello.

The Tiny Desk concert is the first in a series of related events tied to the
win. Lea also will perform in New York City and Chicago before a mini tour in
California and Oregon. She plans to tack on a mini Midwest tour in the summer.

Lea said she and her husband watched the Tiny Desk concert online Friday
morning.

"It was kind of emotional," she said. "It's been a really pleasant and humbling
experience. ... It was just a powerful experience."

Her next step: recording. Lea said that after her Tiny Desk submission landed
online, she was contacted by people wondering where they could buy the song
"Someday We'll Linger in the Sun."

"I was like 'nowhere,'" she said. "That's bad."

Lea said the original announcement that she had won prepared her for the texts,
emails and Facebook messages she received after the video was posted on Friday.

"It's kind of surreal," she said.

___ (c)2016 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160311-DU-Duluth-musician-Gaelynn-Lea-records-Tiny-Desk-Concert-for-NPR-0311-2
0160311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2016 Duluth News-Tribune

                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               The Guardian (Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island)

                              July 17, 2006 Monday

New generation takes Fiddle Festival stage

BYLINE: Nancy Willis

SECTION: THE PROVINCE; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 334  words


The Rollo Bay Fiddle Festival's 30th anniversary event this weekend was a
resounding success where music lovers from across North America were treated to
some of the best in traditional old- time Scottish music.

This festival has become so refined over its 30-year history, that its listening
audience is a jury that knows exactly what it wants to hear and gets it every
time.

"It's come a long way and our audience is now a real hard-core group of people,"
said festival organizer Peter Chaisson.

This festival is also reaping the fruits of its labours, as seen in the huge
number of young players taking to the stage. That was the whole point behind
founder Joe (Pete) Chaisson's effort back in 1976. He began the festival as a
way of reviving old-time traditional music, which was almost extinct on the
Island at that time.

The festival is sponsored by the Eastern Kings Fiddlers Association and since
its inception the proceeds have been used every winter to provide free fiddle
lessons to children and adults of the area.

Looking out over the crowd of kids lugging fiddle cases across the grounds as
they awaited their turn on stage, Kenny Chaisson commented on the difference
between now and then.

"We seem to have an abundance of young talent now, and this has taken a long
time to develop," he said.

"When this festival started we (the Chaisson family) wouldn't be off stage more
than five minutes at a time. Now that has turned around completely."

This year's performers covered all age ranges from five to 75, and came from the
Maritimes and across the continent, and as far as away as Japan.

Included were world-famous Cape Breton fiddler Jerry Holland; Andrea Beaton;
Richard Wood; J.J. Chaisson; The Chaisson Family (Peter, Kenny and Kevin);
Queens County Fiddlers; Tim Chaisson, Nathalie Arsenault and Celtic Ladies. Also
on the agenda were: Ward and Allan MacDonald; Lemmy Chaisson; Judy MacLean
Dancers; Cynthia MacLeod; Francis MacDonald; Chad Mooney; Francis McCormack;
Urban MacAdam and many more.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Five-year-old Merlin M'Cloud of Brooklyn, P.E.I., stole the show with
his solo performance at the 30th anniversary of the Rollo Bay Fiddle Festival.
This tiny fellow with his tiny violin played notes true and clear in front of
the large audience.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            August 23, 2007 Thursday
                                 SECOND EDITION

Champion fiddler will share bill with cars

BYLINE: By Doug Kaufman Special to the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 675 words


George Portz and The Friends of Bluegrass perform 7 to 10 p.m. Saturday at
Bobby's Frozen Custard, 2525 North Center Street, Maryville.

Portz has been selected Illinois State Fiddle Champion several times and also
has been recognized as Illinois State Fair Fiddle Champion and Western Illinois
State Fiddle Champion among the over 130 first-place championships he has earned
in fiddle competitions.

Portz has played for two U.S. presidents - Richard Nixon in 1973 at the White
House and Ronald Reagan in 1986 at the Illinois State Fair.

Portz is joined in the group by lead guitarist Dave Montgomery, who is the
flat-pick guitar champion for Illinois and Missouri; lead singer David Dalton;
award-winning banjo picker Bob Worley; and bassist Kathie Champlin, who also
plays Cajun accordion.

In addition to bluegrass, the group plays traditional country, Cajun and gospel
music.

The evening also includes a classic car display of '55, '56 and '57 Chevys.

Shakey Dave offers traditional country tunes 6 to 9 p.m. Sunday. An antique
tractor display is also on the bill.

- James Inman, winner of the 1997 San Francisco International Stand-Up Comedy
competition, headlines today through Sunday at Funny Bone Fairview Heights in
the Ramada Inn, Illinois 159 at Interstate 64, Fairview Heights.

Inman is known for stream-of-consciousness, uninhibited rants on subjects some
might consider politically incorrect. He also has performed at the Montreal Just
For Laughs Festival.

Tickets are $10 for shows at 8 p.m. today and Sunday and $12 and $17 for shows
at 8 and 10:30 p.m. Friday and Saturday. For reservations, call 618-628-4242.

- "The Goonies," that classic comedy-adventure tale of hidden pirate treasure
and plucky kids battling a family of thieves, will be shown at sunset Wednesday
outdoors at the bandstand in Edwardsville City Park, 101 South Buchanan Street,
Edwardsville.

The movie is free. People are encouraged to bring blankets or lawn chairs.

Coolers and picnic baskets are also welcome, and concession items will be for
sale. Glass containers and alcohol are prohibited.

- Matt Livasy plays originals in the jam vein 9:30 tonight to 1:30 a.m. in the
back bar at Laurie's Place, 228 North Main Street, Edwardsville. Acoustic
guitarist Dana Anderson plays blues and more 9 to 11 tonight in the front bar.

Hear mondinband, with a heavy emphasis on blues and classic rock, 9:30 p.m.
Friday to 1:30 a.m. in the back bar. Big George Jr is also scheduled to perform.
It's rock from the '60s to the present, plus dance music, with 4-Wheel Drive
9:30 p.m. Saturday to 1:30 a.m. in the back bar.

- Mo' Pleasure lends R&B, jazz and Motown to an all-comers' jam session 2 to 6
p.m. Saturday in the front bar. Beno and Mary sing pop hits backed by a karaoke
machine 6:30 to 10 p.m. Saturday in the front bar.

- Liston, Rogers and Nienhaus, joined by guest Supe Granda of the Ozark Mountain
Daredevils, play classic rock hits 6 to 10 p.m. Saturday at The Loading Dock,
400 Front Street, Grafton.

The same foursome teams up 6:30 to 10:30 p.m. Sunday at Cleo's, 1013 North Main
Street, Edwardsville. There is a $5 cover. If you want to sit down, arrive
early, as the bar fills in a hurry when Granda sits in.The Hornets mix jazz and
blues 3-7 p.m. Sunday at The Loading Dock.

- Phil Dunlap and Nick Jost play jazz standards on keyboards and bass 7 to 10
p.m. Friday at Bossanova Martini Lounge, 112 West Third Street, Alton.

- One-man band Bud Summers offers blues, jazz and rock 8 p.m. to midnight Friday
at Ole Morales, 121 West Third Street, Alton.

He will perform 8 p.m. to midnight Saturday at The Jury Room, 132 North Main
Street, Edwardsville.

- One-man band Kevin Heim plays rock, jazz, blues, country and more 7 to 11 p.m.
Friday at Brick Street, 317 Mascoutah Avenue, Belleville.

---

I want to know what's going on with your club, restaurant or entertainment
venue. Fax to 314-995-3255 or e-mail djkauf56@aol.com Deadline for e-mail
submissions is noon Monday of the week the item should run. Local bands, contact
me about your local performance and include a phone number.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  GOING OUT

DOCUMENT-TYPE: CALENDAR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            November 5, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Vancouver roots trio Dyad has early country appeal

BYLINE: Joseph Blake, Times Colonist

SECTION: ARTS; CD Reviews -- Roots; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 494  words


Dyad

No Pedlars or Preachers (Copperspine/Festival)

Rating 4

This young, Vancouver-based trio's stark, old-time stringband-inspired music
captures the essence of earlier eras of country music.

You can almost smell the woodsmoke from the still cooking further down the
valley. Kori Miyanishi and Leah Abramson's vocals conjure-up the Blue Ridge
Mountains. Shiho Mizumoto's fiddle breathes a deeper mystery into their
harmonies, acappella hollers, and ghostly, old stories. With acoustic guitars,
banjo, fiddles and jewharp, it's the spooky sound of old weird America.

Theresa Andersson

Theresa Andersson

(Basin Street)

Rating 3

This five-song disc is worth the price of special order postage for Theresa
Andersson's smouldering version of Lucinda Williams' Jackson. The young, New
Orleans-based diva's spare, understated reading carves a soulful, singular
narrative from Williams's brilliant portrait of heartbreak. Andersson makes it
her own.

Andersson's fiddle adds a poignant second voice to the band's subtle acoustic
backing. I like her solo reading of Accustomed To The Dark. Fine Line is a
little too Bonnie Raitt-lite even with Arthur Mintz's great, slap-happy
drumming. Singer of Songs is just tweak.

Ollabelle

Riverside Battle Songs

(Verve Forecast

Rating 4H

Larry Campbell established godhead status in Bob Dylan's band. Here, he
co-produces while playing electric and acoustic guitar, banjo, fiddle, and
cittern behind Ollabelle's bittersweet harmonies. Levon Helms's daughter, Amy
Helm and Australian transplant Fiona McBain sing like angels on a set of
original songs that sound like traditional spirituals, thoughtful reinventions
of songs by Nina Simone and Ola Belle Reed sound as original as tomorrow. Byron
Isaacs, Tony Leone and Glenn Patscha sing sweetly too, and everybody in the band
contributes fine writing. The anti-war anthem, Riverside is a wonder. I hear
echoes of Neil Young, Staples Singers, Beatles and especially The Band. Highly
recommended.

Charlie Sexton

and Shannon McNally

Southside Sessions

(Backporch/EMI)

Rating 4

Another ex-Dylan sideman, Charlie Sexton, teams-up with Shannon McNally on this
seven-song EP that includes gorgeous cover versions of Jesse Winchester's Biloxi
and Townes Van Zandt's No Place To Fall. Sexton contributes a pair of originals
and a pair of co-written gems with Tonio K.

McNally adds her tune, Old Cypress Tree, some earthy lead vocals and thrilling
harmonies to her partner's flinty lead singing. Tasty playing throughout on this
understated, good-and-dusty session that showcases a pair of great, young
musicians.

The Decemberists

The Crane Wife

(Capitol/EMI)

Rating 4H

Colin Meloy's dark, daring lyrics tap into an earlier folk era tradition too.
The Portland-based quintet's offbeat, epic reinventions of murder ballads are
given the rusty edge of prog-rock's knife on this suite of brainy, lyrical
nouveau folksongs.

It's a treasure trove of great music. It's an addictive pop synthesis. It's
magical...very dark magic.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Dyad: No Pedlars or Preachers (Copperspine/Festival);
Photo: Theresa Andersson: Theresa Andersson (Basin Street);
Photo: Ollabelle: Riverside Battle Songs (Verve Forecast)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column; Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved

                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            October 28, 1996, Monday

Obituary: Jerry Rivers

BYLINE: Paul Wadey

SECTION: OBITUARIES; Page  18

LENGTH: 663 words


Jerry Rivers played fiddle with the Drifting Cowboys, a band who will be forever
associated with their "frontman", the legendary Hank Williams.

Rivers was, with steel guitarist Don Helms, bassist Hillous Butram and guitarist
Bob McNett part of a quartet whose work with Williams has given them a special
place in the affections of country music fans. That they largely stuck with the
most troubled and behaviourly erratic figure in the genre's history is a tribute
not only to their patience but also to the loyalty they felt towards the man
they knew as "Bones".

Raised in Nashville, Jerry Rivers took up the fiddle as a teenager and was, by
the mid-Forties, playing it semi- professionally whilst working during the day
as a salesman for an electronic components company. He turned professional,
briefly toured with the Short Brothers and then found himself back in Nashville
working with Big Jeff Bess, husband of Hattie Louise "Tootsie" Bess, owner of
the famous Tootsie's Orchid Lounge on Music City's Lower Broadway.

It was whilst working with Bess that Rivers was first approached by Williams.
Although Hank had performed with groups from the mid-Thirties on, it was only
following his successful early appearances on the Grand Ole Opry in 1949 that he
began to see the merits of a permanent backing band.

Despite Williams' status as a rising star, Rivers was not impressed with the
financial terms on offer and initially declined. Later however, he had second
thoughts and headed for the radio station WSM where he found his future boss at
the shoe-shine stand.

They briefly talked before Williams grabbed Rivers' instrument and began playing
the fiddle standard "Sally Goodin". When he had finished he challenged the
younger man to follow suit whilst he accompanied on guitar. As Rivers later
remembered: "We must have played it for five minutes, then he set down his
guitar and I set down the fiddle, and he said, 'Well, anyone (who) can play
"Sally Goodin" better 'n me is a darn good fiddle player.  You're hired.' "

Rivers cut his first discs with Williams on 9 January 1950, in a session that
produced classics like "Long Gone Lonesome Blues", "Why Don't You Love Me?", and
"My Son Calls Another Man Daddy". Nicknamed "Burrhead" because of his haircuts,
he performed on every major Williams session that followed.

At the suggestion of Williams' mentor, the producer and publisher Fred Rose, he
adopted a characteristic double-stop style of bowing: playing the melody and
harmony simultaneously on two strings. It was a style that Hank dismissed as
"garden seed" fiddle, but one which served Rivers well on many of Williams'
greatest recordings, among them: "Moanin' The Blues" (1950), "Cold, Cold Heart"
(1950), "I Can't Help It (If I'm Still In Love With You)" (1951), "Hey Good
Lookin'" (1951) and "Jambalaya" (1952).

Following Williams' death in the early hours of New Year's Day 1953, Rivers and
the other Drifting Cowboys had few problems finding work, making valuable
contributions to the music of Ray Price and Ferlin Husky, Marty Robbins and,
eventually, Hank Williams Jnr.

In the early Sixties, Rivers cut a now rare solo album for Starday, Fantastic
Fiddlin' and Tall Tales, on which he both explains and demonstrates the
evolution of various country fiddle styles, and in 1964 his biography of
Williams, From Life To Legend, was published (revised edition 1980).

In 1976, the Drifting Cowboys reformed for a series of radio shows with the
country comic Whitey Ford and enjoyed renewed popularity, especially on the Opry
stage and in Britain where they performed at the Wembley Festival.

Together, they cut a series of albums: A Song For Us All (1979), A Tribute To
Hank Williams (1980), Live! (1981) and Classic Instrumentals (1981), before
largely retiring to enjoy their status as Nashville icons.

Jerry Rivers, fiddle player: born Miami 25 August 1928; married; died Nashville
4 October 1996.


LOAD-DATE: November 01, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Independent Print Ltd

                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                              June 15, 2009 Monday

River to come alive as fiddlers canoe down Tobique

BYLINE: Adam Huras Telegraph-Journal

SECTION: NEWS;NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 599  words


The Tobique River will be choked with canoes and music lovers this Saturday for
a distinctive New Brunswick summer event and one of its most popular.

It's the annual Fiddles on the Tobique that brings in fiddlers, canoes and their
paddlers from far and wide.

It's a spectator event as well. Thousands of people come to see the colourful
parade of canoes transporting scores of fiddle players down the river as they
perform beloved jigs and reels from lumber camps and country dance halls.

Nictau, population 12, will host the annual celebration. It's the home of
well-known canoe maker Bill Miller, who plays a key role in organizing the
popular event.

Miller said the Fiddles on the Tobique began 16 years ago after he simply asked
for some songs in exchange for a river ride.

"Ivan Hicks was in Perth-Andover for a concert and I had bought a CD and wanted
him to autograph it," Miller said. "So I went up after and he gladly autographed
it and then he asked me what I did."

Miller owns Miller Canoes on Nictau's Route 385.

"He admitted he had never been in a canoe before and I said I would love to take
him on his first canoe ride, providing he brought his fiddle along," Miller
said. "His eyes just twinkled and agreed it was a neat idea."

It was planned for the very next day.

"And I guess the rest is just history," he said.

Hicks and his wife Vivian are known throughout North America for their
contribution to the old-time fiddling scene. Ivan Hicks is a composer, recording
artist, and mentor for the fiddle music that is part of Atlantic Canada's
heritage.

Both Ivan and Vivian have been inducted into the New Brunswick Country Music
Hall of Fame. Ivan has also been named to the North American Fiddlers Hall of
Fame.

They now live in Riverview.

In 1996, Ivan Hicks was celebrating his 50th anniversary of playing the fiddle
and invited 50 fiddling friends to Tobique with him.

"And then from there it just went crazy, they have been coming back ever since,"
Miller said. "We had no idea that it would become as popular as it is, but it
did, and it certainly still is."

This year Miller expects another huge turnout. He is encouraging New
Brunswickers to line the shores of the river or on one of the Tobique River's
several islands to listen along. Those in canoes without instruments can also
paddle and enjoy the music.

"There will be new people coming that have never come before and they will go
away back home with a satisfied soul that they went to a place that has a
pristine river and friendly people," Miller said. "They will have an excellent
time coming down a beautiful river listening to old time fiddle music."

The festivities begin on Friday with a fiddle concert at Tobique Valley High
School. Comedian and Maritimer Jimmy Flynn will perform in Riley Brook on Friday
and Saturday night as well.

On Saturday morning, musicians will participate in informal jam sessions at
numerous locations in Riley Brook and Nictau.

The Fiddles on the Tobique flotilla will start at 1 p.m. from Little Forks Pool
for the fiddlers and musicians. All other canoeists should launch their canoes
either above Little Forks or below.

The river run will last three hours.

Miller expects company across from across Canada and around the world as well.

He's not surprised that musicians trek thousands of kilometres to take part.

"When someone lives in a place like Toronto fighting freeway traffic day after
day and they come to a place where there is no parking lots, there are no
parking meters, they are no sirens going 24 hours a day and nothing around but a
beautiful woods and a river it's refreshing," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

Barefoot Movement to perform at ArtsCenter

BYLINE: Cliff Bellamy cbellamy@heraldsun.com; 919-419-6744

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 664  words


CARRBORO

The members of Barefoot Movement have been touring all summer promoting the
release of their second recording "Figures of the Year," released in June. The
tour comes to the ArtsCenter today, but violinist and vocalist Noah Wall is
looking forward to

see barefoot/page a11

having time to write some new songs.

"We've been gone this whole summer," she said in a phone call from her home in
Jonesborough, Tenn. "I'm looking forward to the fall when I can go back and
revisit all these ideas. ... I'm going to be very happy to get in my little room
and begin writing again."

The Barefoot Movement is based in Johnson City, Tenn., and plays in the
bluegrass tradition. Wall grew up in Granville County, where beginning in second
grade she took violin lessons from Suzanne Moody, who taught using the Suzuki
method, but also taught traditional fiddle tunes. She continued playing but
began practicing in earnest and writing songs in high school. "That was when I
got more interested in fiddle playing," she said.

When she graduated from high school, she went to Vance-Granville Community
College but later transferred to East Tennessee State University in Johnson
City, where she entered that school's program in Bluegrass, Old Time and Country
Music Studies.

Among her teachers there was Roy Andrade, a professor in the program who plays
with the Old Time Travelers. In school, she "fell in love with old-time fiddle
playing. ... What I'm trying to do is play old-time fiddle but adapt that to the
songs I write."

The ETSU program drew together the people who became Barefoot Movement. She and
Tommy Norris, who plays mandolin, are the founding members. They grew up
together in Granville, and went to South Granville High School, she said. Norris
went to Western Carolina University, but they still played music during summers
and vacations. They got together and wrote some songs for an EP in 2009, began
playing around Jonesborough, and in 2011 the band released its first full-length
recording, "Footwork."

Other members of the band are Hasee Ciaccio (bass), who is still a student at
ETSU. Guitarist Quentin Acres recently left the band. Barefoot Movement has been
playing with Nashville guitarist Alex Conerly, who will play at the ArtsCenter
concert. All members of Barefoot Movement now live in Jonesborough.

They have recently toured with The Milk Carton Kids, and were the first
runner-up in the new band competition at the Telluride Bluegrass Festival in
Colorado.

On the group's website, Wall mentions the band Blind Melon as a strong
influence, but she was exposed to all kinds of music growing up. Her parents
loved rock-and-roll and traditional music, and were frequent contributors and
listeners of the WUNC radio show "Back Porch Music." "That was like a gateway
for me to traditional music," Wall said.

"Right now, I feel like I'm doing my homework going back and listening to as
many songwriters as I can," she said. She mentions Neil Young, Paul Simon and
Bob Dylan as songwriters she is listening to.

The band members are in their 20s, and are, by coincidence, part of the new folk
and roots music revival. Wall has a radio show, "Highway Companion," at WDVX FM
in Knoxville, where she interviews musicians she has met during Barefoot
Movement's tours and features their live music. The current folk revival
probably began with the success of the movie "O Brother, Where Art Thou?" Wall
said. She never believed she would hear groups like the Avett Brothers and
Mumford & Sons being played on radio. With the advent of the Internet and other
platforms "people don't have to rely on what radio gives them any more."

All of their recordings so far are self-released, which gives the band
considerable artistic leeway. "The record industry is suffering because they
lost touch with their fans. The thing about this music is you go directly to
your fans ... allowing bands like us to be successful even without a label. You
can be independent and still have a career," Wall said.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Lancaster Guardian

                              April 5, 2013 Friday

Feud are living the American dream

LENGTH: 554  words


Lancaster electro-rock trio The Feud have had a hectic few weeks in America,
with performances in Los Angeles, New York and Texas.

The band, who are recording their debut album in the San Fernando Valley, played
two gigs at the world renowned SXSW Festival in Austin, Texas last month, before
flying hundreds of miles via LA to New York, to perform at The Studio at Webster
Hall on Tuesday.

US record label agents were present at The New York gig as well.

Vocalist Jamie Walker and drummer Luke Paget, formerly of blues rock outfit
Tantrum, formed The Feud with bassist and keyboardist Stephen Mildwater in 2010.

Their shows are renowned for combining elements of rock and driving dance beats
to produce a unique high octane sound. They've had Radio 1 airplay and toured
extensively, but have still got plenty of time for their Lancaster roots.

Radio 1 DJ Greg James asked "How is this band unsigned?"

You may ask yourself the same thing, but perhaps by the time they return to the
UK, the question could be a moot one.

Hopefully we'll know more next week.

They're due to return to Lancaster later this month and perform at the Kirkby
Lonsdale Beer and Music Festival which takes place between April 26 - 28.

I can now announce the lucky winners of two pairs of tickets for the Maiden
United gig at The Yorkshire House this Sunday night, April 7.

Surprisingly, there were entries from as far away as Glasgow, Cambridge,
Peterborough and Stowmarket following the competition in the Lancaster Guardian
and online two weeks ago.

Maiden United are a six piece acoustic tribute to rock legends Iron Maiden,
featuring big names from other rock and metal bands including Paradise Lost,
Dearworld and Within Temptation.

The question posed was what is the name of Iron Maiden's ghoulish mascot, and
all who entered got it right with the name Eddie. Andrew Walker, from Lancaster,
and Allan Smith, from Whitehaven, were the names picked out of the Lancaster
Guardian competition hat. The gig has been organised by Lune Valley promoters
Ridgeback Promotions, and kicks off at 8pm. Support comes from Massive Wagons
and Inferno.

Entry is on the door only, priced £8 before 8pm and £10 after, and on a first
come first served basis.

Well done to the two winners.

The new managers of The Dalton Arms at Glasson Dock are currently establishing a
music night on Wednesday evenings.

Folk collective Fiddle e' Dees alternate with an open mic session.

Fiddle e' Dees feature between four and 10 musicians playing guitars,
squeezebox, harmonica, keyboard,  bodhran and more, although there is currently
a lack of fiddles...

Speaking of fiddles, swinging jazz outfit Hotcha make a returm to Lancaster on
Sunday April 14.

Fiddle player Heath Lavery, and guitarists Jon Moore and Alan Pill will be
playing hot club style gypsy jazz at the Robert Gillow from 9pm.

Inspired by guitar mastro Django Reinhardt, the trio perform a range of classic
swing jazz, together with modern tunes arranged in gypsy jazz style.

Their repertoire includes toe tapping up-tempo numbers, lilting waltzes and
elegant ballads. Admission is free.

Also at The Robert Gillow this Saturday at 9pm, The Philip Clouts Quartet will
be playing an uplifting mix of jazz, funk and world music from their acclaimed
CD Sennen Cove.

Clouts is renowned for his work with Afrobeat band ZubopGambia.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WGAR


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Lancaster Guardian

                              April 5, 2013 Friday

Feud are living the American dream

LENGTH: 554  words


Lancaster electro-rock trio The Feud have had a hectic few weeks in America,
with performances in Los Angeles, New York and Texas.

The band, who are recording their debut album in the San Fernando Valley, played
two gigs at the world renowned SXSW Festival in Austin, Texas last month, before
flying hundreds of miles via LA to New York, to perform at The Studio at Webster
Hall on Tuesday.

US record label agents were present at The New York gig as well.

Vocalist Jamie Walker and drummer Luke Paget, formerly of blues rock outfit
Tantrum, formed The Feud with bassist and keyboardist Stephen Mildwater in 2010.

Their shows are renowned for combining elements of rock and driving dance beats
to produce a unique high octane sound. They've had Radio 1 airplay and toured
extensively, but have still got plenty of time for their Lancaster roots.

Radio 1 DJ Greg James asked "How is this band unsigned?"

You may ask yourself the same thing, but perhaps by the time they return to the
UK, the question could be a moot one.

Hopefully we'll know more next week.

They're due to return to Lancaster later this month and perform at the Kirkby
Lonsdale Beer and Music Festival which takes place between April 26 - 28.

I can now announce the lucky winners of two pairs of tickets for the Maiden
United gig at The Yorkshire House this Sunday night, April 7.

Surprisingly, there were entries from as far away as Glasgow, Cambridge,
Peterborough and Stowmarket following the competition in the Lancaster Guardian
and online two weeks ago.

Maiden United are a six piece acoustic tribute to rock legends Iron Maiden,
featuring big names from other rock and metal bands including Paradise Lost,
Dearworld and Within Temptation.

The question posed was what is the name of Iron Maiden's ghoulish mascot, and
all who entered got it right with the name Eddie. Andrew Walker, from Lancaster,
and Allan Smith, from Whitehaven, were the names picked out of the Lancaster
Guardian competition hat. The gig has been organised by Lune Valley promoters
Ridgeback Promotions, and kicks off at 8pm. Support comes from Massive Wagons
and Inferno.

Entry is on the door only, priced £8 before 8pm and £10 after, and on a first
come first served basis.

Well done to the two winners.

The new managers of The Dalton Arms at Glasson Dock are currently establishing a
music night on Wednesday evenings.

Folk collective Fiddle e' Dees alternate with an open mic session.

Fiddle e' Dees feature between four and 10 musicians playing guitars,
squeezebox, harmonica, keyboard,  bodhran and more, although there is currently
a lack of fiddles...

Speaking of fiddles, swinging jazz outfit Hotcha make a returm to Lancaster on
Sunday April 14.

Fiddle player Heath Lavery, and guitarists Jon Moore and Alan Pill will be
playing hot club style gypsy jazz at the Robert Gillow from 9pm.

Inspired by guitar mastro Django Reinhardt, the trio perform a range of classic
swing jazz, together with modern tunes arranged in gypsy jazz style.

Their repertoire includes toe tapping up-tempo numbers, lilting waltzes and
elegant ballads. Admission is free.

Also at The Robert Gillow this Saturday at 9pm, The Philip Clouts Quartet will
be playing an uplifting mix of jazz, funk and world music from their acclaimed
CD Sennen Cove.

Clouts is renowned for his work with Afrobeat band ZubopGambia.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WGAR


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 12, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Metropolitan Diary

BYLINE: By Ron Alexander

SECTION: Section C; Page 2; Column 1; Living Desk

LENGTH: 879 words



DEAR DIARY:

We were strolling along in the East 50's when my husband shouted, "Wow, look at
this!" He was pointing to a Dumpster. There, on top, was a double bass fiddle.

We climbed up and pulled it out, along with two bows, and carried our booty
away. He held the bottom, I clutched the neck and we boarded a Second Avenue bus
headed for SoHo.

On the bus we were befriended by a guitarist who checked out the fiddle,
identified the maker and the type of woods used, informed us that the bows we
had retrieved were for violins, not bass fiddles, and advised us on repairs and
told us two places where we could get free fiddle lessons. We got off the bus at
Houston Street, where we struck up a conversation with a drummer who seemed
staggered by our good fortune.

It started to snow. A woman dashed out of a shop and implored us to cover the
instrument with something lest it be ruined. A street-comber dashed by to ask
where we had found it. "The Upper East Side," we told him. "The pickings are
better there." A trio of street people marched along Houston Street with us,
celebrating our treasure, assuring us that we could fix it up and sell it for
thousands of dollars and wishing us continued good luck in the New Year.

We have advice, too: If you want to make friends in New York, just carry a bass
fiddle.   CICEIL L. GROSS

                                    .  .  .


MAIL CALL:
AFTER LONG ABSENCE
 Each envelope brings threats:

One will cut the water off by noon,

a second, douse the lights, stop time,

another, disconnect the sewer pipe.

No more utility in my utilities:

every card in my Monopoly

leads straight to jail.

The only heat left is on me.

The bank warns of foreclosure,

dispossession of my car.

American Express and Mastercard

shine plastic countenances full

of usury and menace.

No more safety in numbers

nor bulls in the marketplace:

And all my memberships have lapsed.   ELISAVIETTA RITCHIE

                                    .  .  .

Letter from a friend:

Ask anyone: I am a creature of habit. If proof should be necessary, you are
cordially invited to drop by my digs and check out the top of my dresser.

There you are likely to encounter an Everest of coins collected throughout days,
weeks, months gone by. Try as I may, the conglomeration of coins never seems to
shrink. Those not dumped on the dresser at day's end are tossed into baskets and
flowerpots. Lots of baskets and flowerpots.

As far back as I remember, the first thing I've done when I come home at night
is empty my pockets of all the coins -- pennies, nickels, dimes, quarters -- I
have somehow collected throughout the day. After many months that adds up. I
keep intending to sort, roll and eventually deposit them in my bank account;
alas, far less boring projects always pop up.

But the other day -- cold, rainy, gray, perfect for organizing -- a compulsively
neat friend got me going and we began to roll. And roll. By the time we called
it a day we had counted more than $300 in coins. My bank account number was put
on each roll and the following day I schlepped to the bank with my gym bag
loaded with $40 in pennies (80 rolls) -- all that my muscular body could handle
in one trip. The bank, by the way, is new to me, my friendly old branch having
been taken over by another company. So there I am on line at a spiffy branch --
where an account balance of a certain amount of dollars entitles me to be a
"preferred customer" -- when the bell rings and an unfamiliar voice commands,
"Next." I hoist up my gym bag and tell the teller of its contents.

"One roll at a time," she says through her window. So there I am bending into my
bag some 80 times and rolling the coins her way. After a while I notice the
fellow in back of me. I sense his increasing annoyance, and who can blame him?

"Is this the only window where I can get a money order?" he asks. The teller
says yes. "But I'm in a hurry," he says, watching in amazement as I continue
rolling the penny packets in her direction.

"I'm in a big hurry!" he adds.

The teller smiles sweetly. "I'm sorry, sir," she says, nodding in my direction,
"but this man is a preferred customer." I love my new bank.

                                    .  .  .


CLEANING THE DAKOTA

When counting the wonders of the world,

Seven, I know, is the quota,

But couldn't we make an exception for

The cleaning of the Dakota?

It was scaled by Lilliputian folk

Who scrubbed away, and lo!

The blackened lair of the devil's child

Is a yellow-brick chateau.   JEFFREY KINDLEY

                                    .  .  .


Dear Diary:

The Q19A bus on Ditmars Boulevard in Astoria, Queens, was waiting for the light
to change when a passenger -- a teen-age girl -- noticed that the bus ahead of
us contained someone she knew. She snapped open the window, poked her head out
and began a loud exchange with her friend, whose head was hanging out of a
window of the other bus. Our driver glanced into the rearview mirror and barked,
"Get you head back in the bus!" The girl swiftly withdrew into her seat. "Shut
that window!" he ordered. She obeyed. The driver turned around, glaring. The
girl was prepared for the imminent lecture. "If you lose your head," he said
sternly, "whaddya gonna do?"   LEE SAKELLARIDES


LOAD-DATE: January 12, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sketchbook drawing.

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 5, 2007 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

Live!;
What: Old Time Banjo Festival When: 7:30 p.m. Sunday Where: Birchmere,
Alexandria

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. VA08

LENGTH: 464 words


For a shot of old-fashioned musical fun, you can't beat the Birchmere this
weekend, when it hosts the Old Time Banjo Festival.

Many of the most active players of the banjo -- including old-time music
virtuoso Mike Seeger, area favorites Cathy Fink and Marcy Marxer, and TV host
David Holt (public television's "Folkways" series) -- will fill the hall as they
celebrate the release of two CDs on Rounder Records dedicated to the
instrument's distinctive sound.

The first release, appropriately titled "The Old Time Banjo Festival," is an
anthology featuring 21 artists playing traditional tunes and contemporary
compositions. Many of the performers who will be part of the Birchmere show play
on the album.

In their many years as a duo, Fink and Marxer have released more than 40 albums,
earning two Grammies and 45 Washington Area Music Association Awards for their
efforts in the children's, folk and bluegrass genres.

The second CD being highlighted this weekend, "Banjo Talkin,' " is a Fink and
Marxer collaboration featuring original songs and classics played on all
variations of the instrument -- claw hammer banjo, cello banjo, banjo ukulele,
fiddle and bluegrass banjo. The CD could be considered a companion to Fink's
1992 release "Banjo Haiku," which has attained classic status among the
faithful.

Although the banjo clearly will rule the night, the numerous
multi-instrumentalists on the bill will offer an array of sounds. Seeger can
dazzle on guitar, fiddle, mandolin, trump, harmonica, lap dulcimer and autoharp.
He has more than two dozen documentary recordings to his credit, as well as 44
recordings of his music, and he collaborated on the Grammy-nominated
"Retrograss" with David Grisman and John Hartford.

Holt, who began playing claw hammer banjo at 12, has won numerous state banjo
championships, as well as state fiddle championships in Alabama, Maryland and
Virginia. Also adding to the jamboree will be the Hoover Uprights, a string band
featuring Kate Brett (banjo), Bill Schmidt (banjo, fiddle and ukulele), John
Schwab (guitar) and Kevin Enoch (bass). The group has twice won first prize in
the traditional band contest at the Appalachian String Band Festival in
Clifftop, W.Va.

True to the spirit of the classic hootenanny, the organizers promise that the
musicians will perform in all possible configurations -- solos, duos, trios and
full bands, making for a true "banjo extravaganza."

-- MARIANNE MEYER

The Birchmere is at 3701 Mount Vernon Ave., Alexandria. Tickets are $22.50 and
are available at http://www.ticketmaster.com and at the box office on show
nights. For information, call 703-549-7500 or visit http://www.birchmere.com.

E-mail Live! suggestions to mariannemeyer@comcast.net Please write for the
correct mailing address before sending materials.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Alexandria-Arlington

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Dane Penland; Old-time music virtuoso Mike Seeger, among the
featured artists, can dazzle on guitar, fiddle, mandolin, trump, harmonica, lap
dulcimer and autoharp.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            March 16, 2006 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

IRISH PUB CRAWL;
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY -- IT'S TIME FOR GREEN BEER AND BOXTY

BYLINE: Elizabeth Downer, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; DINING REVIEW; Pg. W-24

LENGTH: 1371 words


It must have been all the bagpipes parading Downtown last Saturday, along with
Irish Wolfhounds wearing green bandannas and beads and funny hats that got me
thinking about Irish pub food. Although St. Patrick's Day celebrations in
America might be more about green beverages than meat and potatoes, there is no
better time to dine on Irish Stew or Shepherd's Pie.

St. Patrick's Day is the most widely celebrated ethnic holiday in the United
States. It seems that on March 17, not just 40 million Irish-Americans get into
a party mode, the entire country follows suit. The irony is that in Ireland, St.
Patrick's Day is strictly a religious holiday centered around church and family.
Traditionally, all pubs and businesses close to observe the holy day.

In Pittsburgh, the Irish dining establishments will not only be open but will be
rocking!

The menus at all of the pubs are similar and the list of Irish brews on tap do
not vary. Smoking is allowed in sections of all of them. Still, the ambience of
each pub is definitely different.

Mullaney's Harp & Fiddle

Mullaney's Harp & Fiddle in the Strip District is a home-grown version of an
Irish pub. Opened in 1992 by brother and sister Ann and Brian Mullaney and their
friend Sean Patrick Murphy, the Harp & Fiddle could be considered the
headquarters for the Irish cultural community in Pittsburgh.

Although there is a handsome old Irish bar that runs the width of the space, you
won't find oak paneling or other Irish architectural features. This is a pub
that is a true "local" in the Irish sense, meaning where you go regularly to
have a pint and meet friends. It is not fancy, but it sure is comfy. I didn't
even object to the paper napkin.

It is also the only pub on this list with a chef who trained at the Culinary
Institute of America in Hyde Park, N.Y. Matthew McKenna is a Pittsburgh native
who has been in the kitchen at Harp & Fiddle for the past seven years. His
Shepherd's Pie ($9.95) is legendary, and his Corned Beef and Cabbage ($9.95) is
a classic. The beef is simmered until it is falling apart and served with
steamed cabbage, red potatoes and carrots. Chef Matthew uses lamb for his Irish
Stew ($10.95), which is simmered in Guinness-spiked sauce with parsnips, carrots
and red potatoes. He serves it with delicious BreadWorks six-grain brown bread.

Because the chef has been trained in the classic French tradition, he likes to
offer specials that change daily and might bear no relation to typical Irish
fare. These specials give him an opportunity to showcase his unusual talents. He
also makes all desserts ($3.75). Try his Whiskey Cake, which is rich, buttery
pound cake soaked in Jameson syrup.

If you have always wanted to learn Ceili dancing, come to the Harp & Fiddle on
any Tuesday. There is Ceili instruction from 7 to 8 p.m. and dancing to live
music from 8 to 10 p.m.

On every other night there is live Irish music on stage, and the room is filled
with adoring audiences. This is such a friendly place that there is a club for
people who have met at Harp & Fiddle and subsequently married. On the Web site
you will find pictures of the couples and in many cases of the children they
have produced. Only in Pittsburgh! The entertainment calendar is also available
online at www.harpandfiddle.com.

The St. Patrick's Day festivities at Mullaney's will take place in a heated tent
that opens at 11 a.m. Mark Guiser will provide the music from noon to 4 p.m.,
followed by Michael Murphy and the Shannon River Band from 4 to 7:30 p.m. Hooley
and Guaranteed Irish are also on the program, which will continue until
midnight. The limited menu served all day will include traditional Irish
specialities and sandwiches.

2329 Penn Ave., the Strip, 412-642-6622. Open Tuesdays-Saturdays from 11:30
a.m., Sundays from 4 p.m. Closed Mondays. The kitchen closes at 10 p.m. Metered
parking on street.

Claddagh Irish Pub

The Claddagh Irish Pub is part of a chain that originated in Indianapolis and
now is in 20 locations scattered across the middle of America. The interior of
our Claddagh on the South Side has an authentic Irish look with handsome
architectural features imported from old pubs dismantled in Ireland and shipped
to the United States. The heavy dark oak paneling and leather-upholstered booths
look a lot more like Galway than like Pittsburgh. The piped-in music is Celtic.

Judging by the 45-minute wait for a table, Claddagh's Pittsburgh location would
appear to be a big success. Once seated, we found service was amiable and fast.
So fast, in fact, that I felt we were being rushed so that those still gripping
their beepers and staring menacingly at us could take our table. The appetizer
menu goes from truly Irish to generic Pittsburgh: from smoked salmon with brown
bread ($9.95) to spinach and artichoke dip ($7.95).

Pub sandwiches have a distinctly Gaelic character. Paddy Mac's Corned Beef and
Slaw and Swiss Cheese ($7.95) served on grilled marble rye bread sounds
hauntingly similar to a Reuben. Entrees include a choice of soup or salad. The
salad is primarily iceberg lettuce with tomato, carrot and cucumber. Clam
chowder is bland and undistinguished. Claddagh's Corned Beef and Cabbage
($13.95) is a large plate of boiled cabbage with carrots and red potatoes topped
with many thin slices of corned beef. The beef was tough, a result of being
undercooked. Irish Beef and Guinness Stew ($13.95) is a better choice. The
carrots and potatoes simmered in Guinness are both tender and flavorful.
Although the plate of brown stuff with chunks of orange carrots has absolutely
no eye appeal, it is a healthy portion of true comfort food, and I would order
it again. Pints of Irish ale on draft are $4.50. A shot of ordinary Irish
whiskey is $5.50, but one can order from an impressive list of extra-age
whiskeys that climb to $27 a shot.

The party begins at 10 a.m. Friday inside the pub. At noon, the band Hooley will
begin a three-hour concert. At various times during the day, there will be Irish
dancers performing or bagpipers playing. Claddagh will serve a limited menu all
day. Seating in the dining rooms will be on a first-come basis. At 4 p.m. the
party will move to a tent in front of the pub. Bands will perform there until
1:30 a.m. No food will be served there, and all who enter must be at least 21.
After 5 p.m., there will be a $5 cover charge.

407 Cinema Drive, SouthSide Works, 412-381-4800. Open daily from 11 a.m. Kitchen
closes at 10 p.m. weeknights and 11 p.m. weekends. Garage parking.

Molly Brannigan's

Molly Brannigan's is a Pennsylvania native. The creation of John Melody, an
Irishman transplanted to Erie, the first Molly Brannigan's opened in Erie in
2002. He has since opened traditional pubs in Harrisburg, Pittsburgh (Mt.
Lebanon) and Las Vegas. All of his pubs are built of remnants of old pubs Melody
acquired through salvage dealers and at auctions in Ireland. From the furniture
to the wall art to the fixtures, nearly everything in Molly Brannigan's is
Irish.

It is hard to find anything Irish on the appetizer menu. Jumbo Wings (7.95),
however, are served with Bushmills barbecue sauce. There are soups, salads and
sandwiches, but the most interesting items are boxty entrees. A boxty is a
potato pancake wrapped around various meat centers. Corned Beef Boxty ($12.95)
has corned beef and cabbage inside the pancake. Steak Boxty ($13.95) has thin
slices of sirloin sauteed with onions, peppers and mushrooms in the pancake. The
boxty is a typical pub meal in Ireland. The Fish-N-Chips ($9.95) here was my
favorite entree. The half-pound portion of battered and fried haddock was crispy
without being greasy. The fat sticks of potato were equally crisp and fresh, and
the coleslaw was tart and not swimming in dressing. Irish ales are $5 a pint;
whiskey $5 for bar brands.

Molly Brannigan's will kick off its party at 7 a.m. Friday with an
All-You-Can-Eat Irish Breakfast Buffet ($10.95 and served until 11 a.m.). The
fun will continue until the 2 a.m. closing time with a DJ on site to keep the
good times rolling to great tunes. It will serve a limited menu.

660 Washington Road, Mt. Lebanon, 412-341-7827. Open daily from 11 a.m. Kitchen
closes at 10 p.m. on weeknights, 11 p.m. weekends. Street parking with meters.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: WEEKEND MAG/ Elizabeth Downer can be reached at edowner@post-gazette.com
or 412-263-1454.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Bob Donaldson/Post-Gazette: Stacie Stiles and Adam Jourdan with
Molly Brannigan's corned beef and cabbage, a daily feature at the Irish-themed
restaurant and bar in Mt. Lebanon.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             May 28, 2015, Thursday

Vandalia Gathering music, food, liar winners announced

SECTION: GAZZ; Pg. P3D

LENGTH: 450 words


West Virginia's champion old-timemusicians, liars and cupcake, pound cake, and
maple cookie bakers competed for top honors during the 39th annual Vandalia
Gathering on May 23 and 24 at the state Capitol Complex.

The winners were:

Youth Old-Time Fiddle (age 15 and under)

1st place: Kiara Williams, Rock Cave

2nd place: Benjamin Davis, Marlinton

3rd place: Catherine Walker, Charleston

Old-Time Fiddle (age 59 and under)

1st place: Tessa Dillon, St. Albans

2nd place: Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

3rd place: Jesse Pearson, Huntington

4th place: Jerrica Hilbut, St. Albans

5th place: Cody Jordan, Point Pleasant

Senior Old-Time Fiddle (age 60 and over)

1st place: John Morris, Ivydale

2nd place: Jim Mullins, St. Albans

3rd place: Terry Vaughn, Cross Lanes

4th place: Paul Epstein, Charleston

5th place: John Longwell, Gandeeville

Mandolin (all ages)

1st place: Matthew Hiser, Spanishburg

2nd place: Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

3rd place: Jake Eddy, Parkersburg

4th place: Seth Marstiller, Elkins

5th place: Silas Powell, Salem

Bluegrass Banjo (all ages)

1st place: Rita Hunt, Premier

2nd place: Jake Eddy, Parkersburg

3rd place: Karl Smakula, Elkins

4th place: Logan Hoy, Belle

5th place: Josiah Underwood, Charleston

Lap Dulcimer (all ages)

1st place: Martha Turley, Ona

2nd place: Will Manahan, Elkview

3rd place: Ezra Drumheller, Prosperity

4th place: Trenton Pritchard, South Charleston

5th place: Bernard Cyrus, Fort Gay

Old-Time Banjo (59 and under)

1st place: Jesse Pearson, Huntington

2nd place: Nick Freeman, St. Albans

3rd place: Tessa Dillon, St. Albans

4th place: Doug Van Gundy, Elkins

5th place: Logan Hoy, Belle

Senior Old-Time Banjo (age 60 and over)

1st place: Paul Gartner, Yawkey

2nd place: Jim Mullins, St. Albans

3rd place: Dwight Diller, Marlinton

4th place: John Morris, Ivydale

5th place: Bernard Cyrus, Fort Gay

Youth Flatpick Guitar (age 15 and under)

1st place: Jake Eddy, Parkersburg

2nd place: Caeli Massey, Athens

3rd place: Cassandra Sobieski, Charleston

Flatpick Guitar (all ages)

1st place: Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

2nd place: Matt Lindsay, Culloden

3rd place: Bryant Underwood, Charleston

4th place: Jake Eddy, Parkersburg

5th place: Rick Hall, Princeton

Liars (all ages)

Biggest Liar (1st place and Goldenseal magazine's Golden Shovel award): James
Froemel, Morgantown

Bigger Liar (2nd place): Ian Nolte, Huntington

Big Liar (3rd place): Damon Hanshaw, Canvas

Youth (age 15 and under, and Goldenseal magazine's Golden Shovel award): Fiona
Sullivan, Charleston

Cupcakes (all ages)

1st place: Jon and Toni McCullough, St. Albans

Maple Cookies

1st place: Ella Hoffman, South Charleston

2nd place; Bridget Pauley, Pinch

Pound Cake (all ages)

1st place: Ella Hoffman, South Charleston

2nd place tie: Lynna Middleton, Charleston and Bridget Pauley, Pinch

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers

                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Region Record

                             August 26, 2016 Friday
                                 First Edition

Spirit of bluegrass

BYLINE: Coral Andrews

SECTION: NIGHTLIFE; Pg. N3

LENGTH: 844 words


Nathan Smith of Toronto's modern bluegrass brotherhood The Barrel Boys likes
"nerding out" to fiddle music including Nashville duo Ten String Symphony.

"I like stuff that is quite stripped down that has a unique sound," says Smith.
"It's two young people each playing a five-string fiddle and singing. And that
is it. One of them plays banjo as well sometimes. They have these great songs
and their voices go really well together and they somehow manage to make a
really full sound. I cannot stop listening to it," he says.

Smith started playing the violin when he was six.

"I was often babysat by an older couple who lived across the road," recalls
Smith, formerly from North Bay, now based out of Toronto. "The older gentleman
played the violin and my mother would sometimes accompany him on piano. He had
these small violins on his wall just for decoration and I thought they were real
instruments. I always wanted to play one of them. So my parents decided that
maybe they would get me a small one that could actually work. I started taking
lessons," says Smith adding his passion for music led to university, playing
classical violin, and eventually traditional "Ottawa Valley" fiddle. (Ottawa
Valley fiddle music is a lilting folksy mixture of country and Celtic music
steeped in the rich traditions of the times, a cappella diaries told through
song, step-dancing, rips and jigs.)

Smith says bluegrass music started in his late teens when he was playing fiddle
songs while busking at a farmer's market in North Bay.

"A guy came up to me and asked if I played any bluegrass. And I said 'I don't
know what that is'," he notes with a laugh. "He said 'Why don't you come by and
find out? There are a few of us who get together and jam.' I essentially learned
what bluegrass is by joining a band. And that seems to have been the pattern
everywhere I have gone. There's always a band that is looking for fiddle
player," says Smith, adding he has played many a fiddle festival.

The Barrel Boys began when Free Whiskey's String Band folk-bluegrass members Tim
O'Reilly and Ben Wright asked Smith (formerly of Hard Ryde) to join them in
playing a wedding reception in the fall of 2012. A couple of weeks later, banjo
player Rob McLaren joined in for an afternoon of bluegrass and country music at
Etobicoke's Village Vinyl café under the name of Raucous Barr. A late-night jam
session added Dobro player and Hank Williams enthusiast Kyle Kirkpatrick to the
group, and The Barrel Boys were born.

"We enjoyed singing together, the process of picking songs and doing
arrangements. And everyone got along really well," says Smith.

The Barrel Boys roll call includes Smith, fiddle, tenor vocals; Tim O'Reilly,
upright bass, baritone vocals; Ben Wright, guitar, clawhammer banjo, vocals; Rob
McLaren, banjo, lead vocals; and Kyle Kirkpatrick, Dobro, bass vocals.

The band honed its unique music chops playing a regular Tuesday night bluegrass
gig at Toronto's Cloak and Dagger pub.

"That was a formative time for the band, just having a three-hour gig every
week," notes Smith. "There's no real replacement for that sort of repetition and
experience. Not too long after that, we started writing and arranging our own
songs and doing more creative stuff. We would try songs out immediately to see
if the audience liked it and see how we liked it," he adds.

The Barrel Boys combine old-world bluegrass sensibilities with a modern-day foot
stompin' country and Celtic flair abundant in rich five-part harmony, and
musical arrangements which make original songs sounds like covers from players
long ago.

In December 2013, the band recorded "Carols from the Barrel" a selection of
Christmas carols bluegrass style. The 2014 followup "Early On" features all
original songs. It was recorded old-school style at O'Reilly's family cottage
"in a circle of mikes" live off the floor. O'Reilly also runs mobile recording
studio Soundstill.

"Gospel Hour" (2015) comes from Cloak and Dagger days when the band would play
gospel country in the second set performing from the songbook of Earl Flatt and
Lester Scruggs, The Stanley Brothers and Hank Williams.

The band is working on their next album and has played new songs at shows, while
the rest of the songs are still in very early development.

"We are looking at going into the studio in the late winter. The album is a
continuation of what we did with "Early On." "Gospel Hour" was a self-contained
tangent and we had the recording time and the opportunity to do it. Our real
goal and drive is to make original bluegrass music," says Smith, adding the band
is excited to make their debut here. "We did not grow up playing bluegrass. We
all love it but we all have this mess of influences. And everybody is a good
songwriter. And so making original music and making it in this style seems to be
what is in our wheelhouse."

Summer's End Music and Food Festival

Sept. 10 and 11

The Barrel Boys

Behind Waterloo City Hall, 100 Regina St. S., Waterloo

Sunday, Sept. 11

1:20 to 2:20 p.m.

Free; donations accepted

www.summersendfestival.ca

www.barrelboysbluegrass.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

MUSIC SCENE: Spirit of bluegrass

SECTION: WHATSON

LENGTH: 845 words


Nathan Smith of Toronto's modern bluegrass brotherhood The Barrel Boys likes
"nerding out" to fiddle music including Nashville duo Ten String Symphony.

"I like stuff that is quite stripped down that has a unique sound," says Smith.
"It's two young people each playing a five-string fiddle and singing. And that
is it. One of them plays banjo as well sometimes. They have these great songs
and their voices go really well together and they somehow manage to make a
really full sound. I cannot stop listening to it," he says.

Smith started playing the violin when he was six.

"I was often babysat by an older couple who lived across the road," recalls
Smith, formerly from North Bay, now based out of Toronto. "The older gentleman
played the violin and my mother would sometimes accompany him on piano. He had
these small violins on his wall just for decoration and I thought they were real
instruments. I always wanted to play one of them. So my parents decided that
maybe they would get me a small one that could actually work. I started taking
lessons," says Smith adding his passion for music led to university, playing
classical violin, and eventually traditional "Ottawa Valley" fiddle. (Ottawa
Valley fiddle music is a lilting folksy mixture of country and Celtic music
steeped in the rich traditions of the times, a cappella diaries told through
song, step-dancing, rips and jigs.)

Smith says bluegrass music started in his late teens when he was playing fiddle
songs while busking at a farmer's market in North Bay.

"A guy came up to me and asked if I played any bluegrass. And I said 'I don't
know what that is'," he notes with a laugh. "He said 'Why don't you come by and
find out? There are a few of us who get together and jam.' I essentially learned
what bluegrass is by joining a band. And that seems to have been the pattern
everywhere I have gone. There's always a band that is looking for fiddle
player," says Smith, adding he has played many a fiddle festival.

The Barrel Boys began when Free Whiskey's String Band folk-bluegrass members Tim
O'Reilly and Ben Wright asked Smith (formerly of Hard Ryde) to join them in
playing a wedding reception in the fall of 2012. A couple of weeks later, banjo
player Rob McLaren joined in for an afternoon of bluegrass and country music at
Etobicoke's Village Vinyl café under the name of Raucous Barr. A late-night jam
session added Dobro player and Hank Williams enthusiast Kyle Kirkpatrick to the
group, and The Barrel Boys were born.

"We enjoyed singing together, the process of picking songs and doing
arrangements. And everyone got along really well," says Smith.

The Barrel Boys roll call includes Smith, fiddle, tenor vocals; Tim O'Reilly,
upright bass, baritone vocals; Ben Wright, guitar, clawhammer banjo, vocals; Rob
McLaren, banjo, lead vocals; and Kyle Kirkpatrick, Dobro, bass vocals.

The band honed its unique music chops playing a regular Tuesday night bluegrass
gig at Toronto's Cloak and Dagger pub.

"That was a formative time for the band, just having a three-hour gig every
week," notes Smith. "There's no real replacement for that sort of repetition and
experience. Not too long after that, we started writing and arranging our own
songs and doing more creative stuff. We would try songs out immediately to see
if the audience liked it and see how we liked it," he adds.

The Barrel Boys combine old-world bluegrass sensibilities with a modern-day foot
stompin' country and Celtic flair abundant in rich five-part harmony, and
musical arrangements which make original songs sounds like covers from players
long ago.

In December 2013, the band recorded "Carols from the Barrel" a selection of
Christmas carols bluegrass style. The 2014 followup "Early On" features all
original songs. It was recorded old-school style at O'Reilly's family cottage
"in a circle of mikes" live off the floor. O'Reilly also runs mobile recording
studio Soundstill.

"Gospel Hour" (2015) comes from Cloak and Dagger days when the band would play
gospel country in the second set performing from the songbook of Earl Flatt and
Lester Scruggs, The Stanley Brothers and Hank Williams.

The band is working on their next album and has played new songs at shows, while
the rest of the songs are still in very early development.

"We are looking at going into the studio in the late winter. The album is a
continuation of what we did with "Early On." "Gospel Hour" was a self-contained
tangent and we had the recording time and the opportunity to do it. Our real
goal and drive is to make original bluegrass music," says Smith, adding the band
is excited to make their debut here. "We did not grow up playing bluegrass. We
all love it but we all have this mess of influences. And everybody is a good
songwriter. And so making original music and making it in this style seems to be
what is in our wheelhouse."

Factbox:

Summer's End Music and Food Festival

Sept. 10 and 11

The Barrel Boys

Behind Waterloo City Hall, 100 Regina St. S., Waterloo

Sunday, Sept. 11

1:20 to 2:20 p.m.

Free; donations accepted

www.summersendfestival.ca

www.barrelboysbluegrass.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

MUSIC SCENE: Spirit of bluegrass

SECTION: WHATSON

LENGTH: 845 words


Nathan Smith of Toronto's modern bluegrass brotherhood The Barrel Boys likes
"nerding out" to fiddle music including Nashville duo Ten String Symphony.

"I like stuff that is quite stripped down that has a unique sound," says Smith.
"It's two young people each playing a five-string fiddle and singing. And that
is it. One of them plays banjo as well sometimes. They have these great songs
and their voices go really well together and they somehow manage to make a
really full sound. I cannot stop listening to it," he says.

Smith started playing the violin when he was six.

"I was often babysat by an older couple who lived across the road," recalls
Smith, formerly from North Bay, now based out of Toronto. "The older gentleman
played the violin and my mother would sometimes accompany him on piano. He had
these small violins on his wall just for decoration and I thought they were real
instruments. I always wanted to play one of them. So my parents decided that
maybe they would get me a small one that could actually work. I started taking
lessons," says Smith adding his passion for music led to university, playing
classical violin, and eventually traditional "Ottawa Valley" fiddle. (Ottawa
Valley fiddle music is a lilting folksy mixture of country and Celtic music
steeped in the rich traditions of the times, a cappella diaries told through
song, step-dancing, rips and jigs.)

Smith says bluegrass music started in his late teens when he was playing fiddle
songs while busking at a farmer's market in North Bay.

"A guy came up to me and asked if I played any bluegrass. And I said 'I don't
know what that is'," he notes with a laugh. "He said 'Why don't you come by and
find out? There are a few of us who get together and jam.' I essentially learned
what bluegrass is by joining a band. And that seems to have been the pattern
everywhere I have gone. There's always a band that is looking for fiddle
player," says Smith, adding he has played many a fiddle festival.

The Barrel Boys began when Free Whiskey's String Band folk-bluegrass members Tim
O'Reilly and Ben Wright asked Smith (formerly of Hard Ryde) to join them in
playing a wedding reception in the fall of 2012. A couple of weeks later, banjo
player Rob McLaren joined in for an afternoon of bluegrass and country music at
Etobicoke's Village Vinyl café under the name of Raucous Barr. A late-night jam
session added Dobro player and Hank Williams enthusiast Kyle Kirkpatrick to the
group, and The Barrel Boys were born.

"We enjoyed singing together, the process of picking songs and doing
arrangements. And everyone got along really well," says Smith.

The Barrel Boys roll call includes Smith, fiddle, tenor vocals; Tim O'Reilly,
upright bass, baritone vocals; Ben Wright, guitar, clawhammer banjo, vocals; Rob
McLaren, banjo, lead vocals; and Kyle Kirkpatrick, Dobro, bass vocals.

The band honed its unique music chops playing a regular Tuesday night bluegrass
gig at Toronto's Cloak and Dagger pub.

"That was a formative time for the band, just having a three-hour gig every
week," notes Smith. "There's no real replacement for that sort of repetition and
experience. Not too long after that, we started writing and arranging our own
songs and doing more creative stuff. We would try songs out immediately to see
if the audience liked it and see how we liked it," he adds.

The Barrel Boys combine old-world bluegrass sensibilities with a modern-day foot
stompin' country and Celtic flair abundant in rich five-part harmony, and
musical arrangements which make original songs sounds like covers from players
long ago.

In December 2013, the band recorded "Carols from the Barrel" a selection of
Christmas carols bluegrass style. The 2014 followup "Early On" features all
original songs. It was recorded old-school style at O'Reilly's family cottage
"in a circle of mikes" live off the floor. O'Reilly also runs mobile recording
studio Soundstill.

"Gospel Hour" (2015) comes from Cloak and Dagger days when the band would play
gospel country in the second set performing from the songbook of Earl Flatt and
Lester Scruggs, The Stanley Brothers and Hank Williams.

The band is working on their next album and has played new songs at shows, while
the rest of the songs are still in very early development.

"We are looking at going into the studio in the late winter. The album is a
continuation of what we did with "Early On." "Gospel Hour" was a self-contained
tangent and we had the recording time and the opportunity to do it. Our real
goal and drive is to make original bluegrass music," says Smith, adding the band
is excited to make their debut here. "We did not grow up playing bluegrass. We
all love it but we all have this mess of influences. And everybody is a good
songwriter. And so making original music and making it in this style seems to be
what is in our wheelhouse."

Factbox:

Summer's End Music and Food Festival

Sept. 10 and 11

The Barrel Boys

Behind Waterloo City Hall, 100 Regina St. S., Waterloo

Sunday, Sept. 11

1:20 to 2:20 p.m.

Free; donations accepted

www.summersendfestival.ca

www.barrelboysbluegrass.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           September 6, 2007 Thursday

Award humbles fiddle master

BYLINE: Canadaeast News Service

SECTION: NEWS;NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 413  words


Ever the modest man, Ivan Hicks humbly acknowledges the accolades from his
peers.

Hicks was recently presented with a life-time achievement award from Canadian
fiddling masters for his more than 60 years promoting fiddle music and playing
the role of unofficial ambassador of Down East fiddle music. But that's not why
he launched into what has amounted to a second career. It was his love of music
and fiddle music even if he did start out as a singer and guitar player in a
band.

The Riverview resident says he also enjoys other styles of music including
classical, but fiddling music is what he has become synonymous with, playing at
countless venues big and small across the Maritimes, across Canada and into the
United States over the years, his wife, Vivian, often accompanying him on the
piano. A teacher and educator by profession, Hicks took it upon himself to teach
others to play the fiddle and help promote and preserve the tradition of old
time fiddle music.

His Sussex Avenue Fiddlers, which he formed years ago from students attending
his fiddle classes in his finished basement, often join him at many of his
scheduled appearances.

Hicks' dad was a fiddler, which would explain some of his roots in fiddle music.
The Canadian Grand Master life-time achievement award announced two weeks ago
during the grand masters fiddling championships in Nepean, Ont, recognizes the
outstanding contributions to fiddle music and its preservation in Canada. Among
past recipients of the award was New Brunswick legend Ned Landry. Hicks also
composes fiddle music and has recorded a number of songs some of which have
gained national play including the Purple Velvet Waltz, Gram Lu's Waltz and I'm
the Fiddle Maker.

He says he still has another 20 or so ready for recording. Hicks is also co-
founder and director of the Maritime Fiddlers Association and director of the
National Old Time Fiddlers Association USA. When not playing before the public,
the master fiddler has been invited to judge many fiddling contests across North
America including sitting as a judge at the prestigious grand masters
championships listening to the emerging top fiddlers in the country compete for
prizes and bragging rights. Hicks has judged the event three times now. Hicks
has no intentions of giving up public appearances just yet, so long as the
people continue to come out and enjoy the music even if it means maintaining the
hectic pace and travel to stage, television and radio performances.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2007 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday

Cloverdale Fiddle Festival to broaden its appeal

BYLINE: Clark Mason, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 613 words


Jan. 05--The Cloverdale Old Time Fiddle Festival, which nearly was cancelled
last year, is changing its tune slightly, offering more musical variety to
appeal to a broader audience.

The two-day festival, which returns Jan. 21-22, still is intended for the
purists who come for the fiddle contests, jam sessions and shows put on by
professional and amateur players.

But it also features more bands, bluegrass and "old time" music played on
instruments such as banjo and guitar.

"By adding entertainment, we might be able to enhance our gate," said Mark
Hogan, the new event director for the fiddle festival. "It's necessary to keep
up with the times without abandoning tradition."

The quirky festival, which will mark its 37th year, is held in the rainy season,
during the post-holidays lull. Even though its staged inside at the Cloverdale
Citrus Fairgrounds, inclement weather can keep audiences away.

A few years ago, attendance over the two-day event peaked at about 2,500. Last
year it was about 1,000.

The Cloverdale Historical Society has staged the fund-raising event since 1975,
but it came perilously close to being cancelled last year because of declining
attendance and withdrawal of a major sponsor -- the City of Cloverdale.

When the city said it could no longer put up its usual $5,000 subsidy,
historical society directors announced that the event would be cancelled. But it
was resurrected when sponsors came to the rescue and more than filled the
financial void.

Major sponsors Lagunitas Brewing and Reuser Inc. again have stepped forward to
ensure that the show goes on.

"This event doesn't make it at the gate. It gets by on the generous support of
the community," Hogan said.

He said organizers are also "trying to make it more of a county-wide event
rather than just Cloverdale-centric," including expanding the sponsorship.

Volunteers, as many as 100, help with such things as checking tickets, pouring
beer, setting up and securing buildings.

Mayor Bob Cox, who has volunteered at the festival for several years, calls it
"an event like no other. If you like any type of music at all, it's fun to
attend."

"To see the camaraderie of all the fiddlers playing and getting together, from
little tykes to octogenarians, they just have a great time," he said of the
appeal.

Hogan, a resident of Sebastopol, has been a big fan of the fiddle festival for
years and decided to volunteer his expertise after hearing it was struggling to
survive. The former bluegrass musician has for the past dozen years put on the
Sonoma County Bluegrass and Folk Festival in Sebastopol.

He acknowledges that for many people, a fiddle contest with amateur players can
get boring fairly fast.

"For the average person, it may not be their cup of tea," he said, which
prompted the question, "what else can we do to enhance attendance?"

The answer, he said, was adding musical genres and featuring bands that may not
have large followings, but are revered by music fans.

"We're expanding the scope of the event a little bit. The focal point is still
the fiddle contest," he said.

Some of the acts that are tailored to a wider audience include Special
Consensus, a traditional bluegrass band; singer-songwriter Richard Brandenburg;
Debbie McClatchy, who plays banjo and old traditional songs; and the string band
Cobb Stompers.

Cloverdale History Center Director Laura Parker noted that the festival helps
preserve unique music and styles.

"Part of the hope is we keep that music alive, because it is being choked out a
lot of places," she said.

___ (c)2012 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120105-UR-Cloverdale-Fiddle
-Festival-to-broaden-its-appeal-0105-20120105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2012

                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 4, 2012 Wednesday

Cloverdale Fiddle Festival to broaden its appeal

BYLINE: Clark Mason, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 613 words


Jan. 04--The Cloverdale Old Time Fiddle Festival, which nearly was cancelled
last year, is changing its tune slightly, offering more musical variety to
appeal to a broader audience.

The two-day festival, which returns Jan. 21-22, still is intended for the
purists who come for the fiddle contests, jam sessions and shows put on by
professional and amateur players.

But it also features more bands, bluegrass and "old time" music played on
instruments such as banjo and guitar.

"By adding entertainment, we might be able to enhance our gate," said Mark
Hogan, the new event director for the fiddle festival. "It's necessary to keep
up with the times without abandoning tradition."

The quirky festival, which will mark its 37th year, is held in the rainy season,
during the post-holidays lull. Even though its staged inside at the Cloverdale
Citrus Fairgrounds, inclement weather can keep audiences away.

A few years ago, attendance over the two-day event peaked at about 2,500. Last
year it was about 1,000.

The Cloverdale Historical Society has staged the fund-raising event since 1975,
but it came perilously close to being cancelled last year because of declining
attendance and withdrawal of a major sponsor -- the City of Cloverdale.

When the city said it could no longer put up its usual $5,000 subsidy,
historical society directors announced that the event would be cancelled. But it
was resurrected when sponsors came to the rescue and more than filled the
financial void.

Major sponsors Lagunitas Brewing and Reuser Inc. again have stepped forward to
ensure that the show goes on.

"This event doesn't make it at the gate. It gets by on the generous support of
the community," Hogan said.

He said organizers are also "trying to make it more of a county-wide event
rather than just Cloverdale-centric," including expanding the sponsorship.

Volunteers, as many as 100, help with such things as checking tickets, pouring
beer, setting up and securing buildings.

Mayor Bob Cox, who has volunteered at the festival for several years, calls it
"an event like no other. If you like any type of music at all, it's fun to
attend."

"To see the camaraderie of all the fiddlers playing and getting together, from
little tykes to octogenarians, they just have a great time," he said of the
appeal.

Hogan, a resident of Sebastopol, has been a big fan of the fiddle festival for
years and decided to volunteer his expertise after hearing it was struggling to
survive. The former bluegrass musician has for the past dozen years put on the
Sonoma County Bluegrass and Folk Festival in Sebastopol.

He acknowledges that for many people, a fiddle contest with amateur players can
get boring fairly fast.

"For the average person, it may not be their cup of tea," he said, which
prompted the question, "what else can we do to enhance attendance?"

The answer, he said, was adding musical genres and featuring bands that may not
have large followings, but are revered by music fans.

"We're expanding the scope of the event a little bit. The focal point is still
the fiddle contest," he said.

Some of the acts that are tailored to a wider audience include Special
Consensus, a traditional bluegrass band; singer-songwriter Richard Brandenburg;
Debbie McClatchy, who plays banjo and old traditional songs; and the string band
Cobb Stompers.

Cloverdale History Center Director Laura Parker noted that the festival helps
preserve unique music and styles.

"Part of the hope is we keep that music alive, because it is being choked out a
lot of places," she said.

___ (c)2012 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120104-UR-Cloverdale-Fiddle
-Festival-to-broaden-its-appeal-0104-20120104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2012

                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Kentish Gazette

                                  June 7, 2012

Furnace Mountain will turn up the heat

LENGTH: 217  words


FURNACE Mountain will bring their blend of fiddles, mandolin, double bass and
exquisite harmony all the way from Virginia, USA to Whitstable when they play on
Friday, June 15, at the Royal Native Oyster Stores.

The band consists of Aimee Curl on bass and vocals, Danny Knicely on mandolin
and fiddle, Dave Van Deventer on fiddle and Morgan Morrison on bouzouki, guitar
and vocals.

The band has been together since 1995 and grew up in the same area of Virginia,
on or near the mountain bearing the same name. Their music is at times lively
and raucous, with spirited fiddle melodies weaving in and around the powerful
rhythms of the bass and bouzouki.

It is at other times poignant and poetic, with sublime vocal harmonies
beautifully interpreting some of the oldest songs ever written.

Furnace Mountain play music from the American Appalachian traditions, as well as
original compositions and songs penned by their favourite musicians.

This is the band's third visit to the UK and is timed to coincide with the
release of their latest album.

The concert starts at 8pm and the doors open at 7pm. Tickets are £12 and £10 for
members, from Rock Bottom Records, 37-38 Harbour Street, Whitstable or online at
www.wegottickets.com

n For more information see the website at www.whitstablefolk.co.uk or call 07895
68356.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Kent Messenger Group
                              All Rights Reserved

                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               September 13, 1994

SMOKING BLUEGRASS;
In a band at 12; solo album at 14; wowed the Grand Ole Opry at 21. Now Alison
Krauss brings flailing fiddles to the QEH

BYLINE: Charlotte Greig

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FEATURES PAGE; Pg. T6

LENGTH: 790 words


SATURDAY night at Nashville's Grand Ole Opry. Garth Brooks had played the
headline spot, midway through the show, and lifted the roof off the place. The
evening was winding down and everyone drifting home when country legend Hank
Snow introduced the last act, a 21-year-old bluegrass fiddle player and singer
named Alison Krauss. She started to play, and the hall quietened.

Ten minutes later, she'd finished her set, and during that time not a soul had
moved, though I'm willing to bet that a) the vast majority of the audience,
myself included, had never heard of her in their lives, and b) didn't think they
liked bluegrass anyway. But here was acoustic country music fronted by a fiddle
-playing prodigy who also happened to sing like a youthful Dolly Parton, and if
that was bluegrass, it was fine by us.

This week, Alison Krauss gives her first major concert in Britain. Although few
people over here know of her, in the States she has been recognised as a huge
new talent, both as a singer and fiddle player. However, she has made a firm
commitment to playing and producing acoustic music within the commercially
marginal genres of bluegrass and country gospel.

Krauss grew up in Champaign, Illinois, where she took violin lessons from an
early age. Then, at eight, she got into bluegrass - rapid-paced acoustic music
made by fiddle, banjo, mandolin, and stand-up bass (with no drums or electric
instruments): "Mom had heard about a fiddle contest, so I learned three tunes
and went along, and played. After that, I never looked back. I won the state
fair competition when I was 10; by the time I was 12, I was playing with a
band."

By the age of 14, Krauss was sending demo tapes around to bluegrass labels until
she landed a deal with Rounder Records - the label she's with today. Krauss's
first solo album released when she was 17, was nominated for a Grammy. But she
still didn't see playing bluegrass as a way of making a living: "I was in
college, studying to be a choir director - modern classical music, atonal. It
was kinda stuffy. I was going home in the evenings and playing bluegrass, but I
didn't tell anybody."

After she dropped out, there was no stopping her. Her next albums, both solo and
with her band, Union Station, were massively successful, and she became the
first woman in bluegrass to win a Grammy. Did she, as has been rumoured, turn
down a major deal? "Well, some projects came up." Silence. "But I don't really
keep up with that scene. I prefer to stick with bluegrass. I know a lot of
people think that bluegrass is just banjo music, but once you get into it you
find it's a lot more than that. You know the theme for the Beverly Hillbillies?
A lot of banjo players started playing because of that. Then you find out the
instrument came over from Africa, although it wasn't played in the same style.
The three-finger style came later . . ." And she's off again, turning the
subject away from herself and towards the music.

Alison Krauss has no plans to become a country star; neither does she intend to
make any more solo albums. She sees her future as a band member, playing fiddle
and taking her turn to sing lead. She also wants to develop her skills as an
arranger and producer. To date she has produced two albums for the Cox family,
one an album of gospel songs that she also sings and plays on. She comments:
"Anybody can produce their own record. All I do is just freshen it up a little."
And the Cox family themselves? "They've sung every note together since they were
tiny, and they're also such individual singers. I would have loved to grow up
that way."

Has it been difficult for her to make her mark as a producer? Krauss's strategy
for dealing with problems or ambiguities is, it seems, not to notice them. "I
don't know, I never keep up with that male chauvinism. I don't make an issue of
it. I'm not saying it isn't an issue, but it hasn't been for me." But isn't it
hard for a woman to boss people around in the studio? "I don't boss people
around. I surround myself with people who I want to hear play," replies Krauss
so acidly that I have to let the subject drop, and I get a glimpse of the iron
will that, allied with her talent, has propelled her this far.

The usual path for a rising star is to dump the band the minute a major deal
comes along. Krauss seems to have realised early what many country artists take
years to find out: that it's the music, not the career, that counts. "I'm just
doing what I love. All that other stuff is not important. Because," she adds,
quoting Pat Metheny, "it's the music you take home with you at the end of day."

Alison Krauss and Union Station play the Queen Elizabeth Hall on Thursday,
September 15.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 Guardian Newspapers Limited

                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            January 21, 2011 Friday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Sibling revelry;
Born into bluegrass, the Roys excited about upcoming bluegrass CD

BYLINE: Karen Nugent, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 660 words


Growing up in Fitchburg and New Brunswick, brother and sister Elaine and Lee Roy
honed their musical skills performing at small local clubs and fairs, and by
absorbing the music and culture of their rich French-Canadian heritage.

"That's what we were raised on," Ms. Roy said. "My grandmother played the fiddle
, my aunts and uncles would sing Acadian songs. You learn it without even
knowing it."

Ms. Roy began singing at age 5, and got her first paid gig was at a country fair
when she was just 10.

"One of the people that we knew there knew that I sang, and wanted me to sing
with them," she said. "We worked out five or six songs, and I got up there and
did my little thing. I remember it as if it was yesterday."

Both siblings play guitar and sing. Mr. Roy also plays mandolin, fiddle and
bass.

"At 5 or 6 years old, I became addicted to music and I just couldn't get enough
of the fiddle," he said. "For me, the fiddle growing up was really the
instrument, because it was what my grandma played."

The Roys, who moved to Nashville, Tenn., four years ago, have brought that
tradition to the heart of bluegrass country with their debut bluegrass CD,
"Lonesome Whistle," to be released March 22 on Rural Rhythm Records.

The disc is co-produced by Andy Leftwich, a fiddle player - perhaps as good as
Grandma Roy - for bluegrass legend Ricky Skaggs, a personal hero of Mr. Roy. To
add to that excitement, the CD was recorded at Skaggs' studio, with his backup
band.

Skaggs sings on one track, "That's What Makes it Love."

"It was very exciting getting to hang out in his studio with all those
musicians," Mr. Roy said.

The 11-track disc comprises 10 original songs, showcasing the Roys' songwriting
talent.

The title track, written by the Roys in two hours while on the road in Maine,
recounts a couple whose life revolves around a train. The train carries the man
off to war, while the woman sits and waits for it to bring him back home. And
unlike a lot of country or blues songs, this up-tempo tune has a happy ending:
the train brings the man home.

The album shows off Ms. Roy's emotional voice, especially on "Trailblazer," a
song she said was influenced by one of her favorites, Dolly Parton. The song,
Ms. Roy said, reminds her of all the women in the world chasing their dreams.

"I got the idea while sitting in traffic one day behind a Trailblazer SUV. So
later that day, in a writing session, we wrote this women's anthem. It's one of
my favorites on the album," Ms. Roy said.

Mr. Roy said the two find inspiration for their songs everywhere - from the
news, television or personal experiences.

"Most songs have stories, and we just let the melody go where it wants to," he
said.

Ironically, the song on which Skaggs sings back-up has no hook or personal
story.

"We just did it," Mr. Roy said.

Mr. Roy, a graduate of the Montachusett Regional Technical Vocational School in
Fitchburg (his sister went to high school in New Brunswick), formed a country
duo in 1988, although he said his first real love is bluegrass, and that he
started out in a bluegrass band at age 9. The Roys went to Nashville for about
10 years, but eventually returned to Fitchburg and made Leominster a home base,
playing at the former Red Barn there, and at private French-Canadian and Acadian
clubs in Gardner, Lowell and Waltham.

In 2006, they released their debut country album, "The Roys," featuring 12
original tunes.

As the act grew in popularity, they opened a Red Sox game at Fenway Park in
2008; and performed the national anthem for President George W. Bush at Andrews
Air Force Base in 2009, where they got to meet the president and First Lady
Laura Bush.

Besides the their musical pursuits, the Roys are involved with an international
partnership mission to Bogota, Colombia, called "Compassion International,"
through which they each sponsored an 8-year-old child. They traveled to Bogota
last August to attend a training seminar.

"It was truly an eye-opening experience," Ms. Roy said.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Elaine and Lee Roy's debut bluegrass CD, "Lonesome Whistle," will be released in
March.
Courtesy of ANTHONY LADD

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           September 7, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Fiddling with a new idea

BYLINE: Nick Miliokas, The Leader-Post

SECTION: WHAT'S ON; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 644  words


A man without a hobby is like a man without a life. OK, that's an exaggeration,
but the fact of the matter is, Dan Reynish, the congenial host of the morning
show Saskatchewan Weekend on CBC Radio One, has filled what he describes as "a
void" by taking up (of all things) the fiddle.

What's more, Reynish has managed to turn play into work, by constructing an
11-week series, part documentary, part reality show, that he will launch at 8:15
a.m. on Sunday. He calls it Fiddlin' Around, and by the time he is finished, he
will have travelled from coast to coast, researching the instrument's history
and taking lessons on how to play from a truly impressive roster of Canadian
violinists.

These tutors include concertmaster Ed Minevich of the Regina Symphony Orchestra
and Gwen Hoebig, his counterpart in Winnipeg. There is also Natalie MacMaster
and her husband Donnell Leahy, from the band of the same name.

Cammy Romanuck, the reigning Saskatchewan fiddling champion, is there as well,
and also John Arcand, the Master of the Metis Fiddle, and Marla Cole, who
performs with the Saskatoon Symphony Orchestra and the Amati Quartet.

As if that wasn't talent enough, Reynish recruited Jenny Lester from a Yukon
bluegrass band called Hungry Hills, and Newfoundland's Angela Pickett, a
graduate of the Juilliard School in New York City.

"Every single person I've talked to has treated me like something I'm not -- a
musician," the 38-year-old Reynish says. "No one said no. The musicians were
pleased to be part of it because it was something that hadn't been done. For me,
it never seemed like work. This was 100-per-cent pleasure.

"I'm so proud of this series," he adds. "It's been a rewarding summer and I want
to share my adventures with everyone."

Strictly speaking, the adventures began about a year and a half ago when for the
umpteenth time, it struck Reynish that "I needed a hobby -- and something I
could not only start but actually finish for a change."

(The latter is important to note, because Reynish's apartment is littered with
the remains of well-intended but nevertheless abandoned projects.)

Reynish considered, and dismissed, a variety of potential hobbies ranging from
woodworking to learning to speak a foreign language.

Then one fateful day last May, he was strolling past the parkade by the Cornwall
Centre and listening to the Charlie Daniels signature tune "The Devil Went Down
to Georgia" on his iPod.

"I happened to catch myself playing air fiddle," says Reynish, whose versatility
in this regard extends to air guitar and air drums as well. "I thought, why not
a musical instrument?"

Undeterred by the fact that he has no musical background whatsoever, aside,
perhaps, from having played trumpet "badly" in junior high, Reynish considered
guitar and the fiddle, and quickly settled on the fiddle, if only because it has
two fewer strings than the guitar, "four as opposed to six," he says, showing
off his newfound expertise. "It made perfect sense."

As did buying a fiddle on EBay. "Yes, I decided to go the cheap route," says
Reynish, fiscally responsible to a fault. "It came from El Segundo. I paid $30
and for that I got a fiddle, a case, two bows and some resin."

He christened the fiddle Don, and if you have to ask "Don who?" it means you're
too young to remember Don Messer's Jubilee on CBC TV. Says Reynish: "I think of
him as a friend," meaning the fiddle, presumably, and not the iconic frontman of
the Islanders.

"It didn't start as a concept, it started as a hobby," Reynish says of Fiddlin'
Around, "and in due course I realized the series should be more about the fiddle
, with what I do as a little tag at the end.

"I never thought for a second that I could take it out of the case and play it,
but I knew that I could take it out of the case and make noise -- and I mean
music-based noise. Plus, it's always fun to hear someone play badly."

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Photo courtesy of Stella Reynish; Dan Reynish, host of
Saskatchewan Weekend on CBC Radio, has a new series called Fiddlin' Around,
which begins Sunday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            July 1, 2009, Wednesday

Local residents win at this year's Vandalia Gathering

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P2

LENGTH: 367 words


West Virginia's champion old-time fiddle, bluegrass banjo and mandolin players
competed on Saturday, May 23, and old-time banjo, lap dulcimer and flat pick
guitar players as well as best liars on Sunday, May 24, during the West Virginia
Division of Culture and History's 33rd annual Vandalia Gathering. A new
competition, homemade pound cake and fruit cobbler, also was held.

The winners within the Metro circulation area included:

Youth Old-Time Fiddle (age 15 and under)

First place ($75): Jerrica Hilbert, St. Albans

Third place ($25): Annie Fowler, Scott Depot

Old-Time Fiddle (age 59 and under)

Fourth place ($75): Jenny Allinder, Culloden

Senior Old-Time Fiddle (age 60 and over)

Fifth place ($50): Donald Jones, Scott Depot

Mandolin (all ages)

First place ($400): Robin Kessinger, St. Albans

Fifth place ($50): Luke Shamblin, Elkview

Pound Cake (all ages)

First place ($75): Ella Hoffman, South Charleston

Second place ($50): Tabitha Erwin, Scott Depot

Third place ($25): Shonnette Koontz, Charleston

Fruit Cobbler (all ages)

First place ($75): Valerie Burgraf, Elkview

Second place ($50): Lynna Middleton, Elkview

Third place ($25): Blair Chapman, Charleston

Youth (age 15 and under, $25): Blair Chapman, Charleston

Youth Lap Dulcimer (age 15 and under)

Second place ($50): Will Manahan, Elkview

Third place ($25): Shalor Gore, Charleston

Lap Dulcimer (all ages)

Third place ($150): Heidi Muller, Charleston

Fourth place ($75): Dave Haas, Cross Lanes

Fifth place ($50): Bob Webb, Charleston

Old-Time Banjo (59 and under)

Third place ($150): Andrew Dunlap, St. Albans

Senior Old-Time Banjo (age 60 and over)

First place ($400): Jim Mullins, St. Albans

Fourth place ($75): Steve Harrison, St. Albans

Youth Flat Pick Guitar (age 15 and under)

First place ($75): Logan Jones, Charleston

Second place ($50): Eric Campbell, Hurricane

Third place ($25): Andrew Fry, Winfield

Flat Pick Guitar (all ages)

First place ($400): Matt Lindsey, Dunbar

Fourth place ($75): Richard Adkins, Cross Lanes

Fifth place ($50): Jamie Rhodes, Culloden

Biggest Liar (1st place $100 and Goldenseal magazine's Golden Shovel award)

Pete Kosky, Charleston

Big Liar (third place, $50): Alex McLaughlin, Charleston

Youth Liar (age 15 and under, $25): Ellie Lepp, Charleston

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers

                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                                  May 31, 2012

Friday's 'Strings' concert

SECTION:

LENGTH: 165 words


TRADITIONAL and classical music feature in a fiddle concert titled "Strings" in
Drishane Church on this Friday commencing at 8.30pm.

The young people involved come from the Millstreet area and are students of
Millstreet Community School. They convened as a fiddle group last September
under the direction of Emer Foley.

The group will be taking part in an International Youth Fiddle Camp at the North
Atlantic Fiddle Convention which is being held City of Derry from June 27- 30.

Activities during the Youth Fiddle Camp will include workshops with leading
international fiddle players and participation in the performance of a newly
commissioned fiddle piece by a noted traditional composer Neil Martin and
performance.

The convention attracts musicians and dancers from around the North Atlantic
such as Ireland, the UK, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Denmark, the USA and Canada.

Admission to the Drishane Church concert is EUR5 and EUR10 for a family, patrons
should note the 8.30pm starting time.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                                  May 31, 2012

Friday's 'Strings' concert

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 165 words


TRADITIONAL and classical music feature in a fiddle concert titled "Strings" in
Drishane Church on this Friday commencing at 8.30pm.

The young people involved come from the Millstreet area and are students of
Millstreet Community School. They convened as a fiddle group last September
under the direction of Emer Foley.

The group will be taking part in an International Youth Fiddle Camp at the North
Atlantic Fiddle Convention which is being held City of Derry from June 27- 30.

Activities during the Youth Fiddle Camp will include workshops with leading
international fiddle players and participation in the performance of a newly
commissioned fiddle piece by a noted traditional composer Neil Martin and
performance.

The convention attracts musicians and dancers from around the North Atlantic
such as Ireland, the UK, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Denmark, the USA and Canada.

Admission to the Drishane Church concert is EUR5 and EUR10 for a family, patrons
should note the 8.30pm starting time.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 29, 2006, Monday

Huntington resident takes Liar's Contest at Vandalia

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P4D

LENGTH: 475 words


The Vandalia Gathering wrapped up Sunday in Charleston, with a concert by singer
Ethel Caffie-Austin, winner of this year's Vandalia Award.

Earlier in the day, Adam Booth of Huntington took home the Golden Shovel award
for winning the Liar's Contest, while Karl Smakula of Montrose, in Randolph
County, won in the youth category. Other first-place winners included Meredith
Pheasant of Fairmont, who won in the fiddle-under-60 and 15-and-under
categories; Sumerco's Brandon Bentley, who took top mandolin honors; and Robin
Kessinger of St. Albans, first in the flat-pick guitar group.

Here is the full slate of contest results:

-Fiddle 15 and under: First place, Meredith Pheasant of Fairmont; second place,
Aesop Brown of Hurricane; third place, Jerrica Hilbert of St. Albans. Fiddle
under 60: First place, Meredith Pheasant of Fairmont; second place, Chance McCoy
of Martinsburg; third place, Jenny Allinder of St. Albans; fourth place, Jared
Nutter of Meadow Bridge; fifth place, Jake Krack of Orma. Fiddle over 60: First
place, Junior Spencer of Frankford; second place, Elmer Rich of Morgantown;
honorary second place, Harold Burns of Yawkey; third place, Don Jones of Scott
Depot; fourth place, Boyd Phillips of Elkins; fifth place, Mack Samples of Duck.

-Mandolin: First place, Brandon Bentley of Sumerco; second place, Dan Kessinger
of St. Marys; third place, John Putnam of Looneyville; fourth place, Robing
Kessinger of St. Albans; fifth place, Rachel Singleton of Summersville.

-Bluegrass banjo: first place, Butch Osborne of Parkersburg; second place, Zack
Life of Murraysville; third place, Doug Cossin of Mount Alto; fourth place, Ben
Harrington of Artie; fifth place, Ron Seebaugh of Parkersburg.

-Old-time banjo under 60: First place, Tim Bing of Huntington; second place,
Adam Hurt of Morgantown; third place, David O'Dell of West Logan; fourth place,
Doug Van Gundy of Elkins; fifth place, Pete Kosky of Charleston. Old-time banjo
over 60: First place, Mack Samples of Duck; second place, Bernard Cyrus of Fort
Gay; third place, Ted Samples of Harrisville; fourth place, Charlie Loudermilk
of Frankford; fifth place, Ben Carr of Wilsie.

-Lap dulcimer 15 and under: First place, Katie Stricker of South Charleston. Lap
dulcimer over 15: First place, Alan Freeman of Renick; second place, Dave Haas
of Cross Lanes; third place, Timmy Gillenwater of Griffithsville; fourth place,
Bernard Cyrus of Fort Gay; fifth place, Trishy Westman of Mabscott.

-Flat-pick guitar: First place, Robin Kessinger of St. Albans; second place,
Matt Lindsey of Dunbar; third place, Brandon Bentley of Sumerco; fourth place,
Dan Kessinger of St. Marys; fifth place, Josh Moody of St. Marys.

-Liar's Contest: First place, Adam Booth of Huntington; second place, Rich
Knoblich of Wheeling; third place, Dallas Jude of Huntington; youth award, Karl
Smakula of Montrose.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers

                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 14, 2014 Monday

Fiddle Crawl -- a look at four of the artists

BYLINE: Jessica Johnson, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1219 words


April 14--This is the first in a series of three articles featuring artists
chosen for the upcoming Fiddle Crawl in downtown Mount Airy.

Downtown Mount Airy's Fiddle Crawl launches with a free Fiddle Crawl Reveal
event at the Historic Earle Theatre and Old-Time Music Heritage Hall on May 2 at
5 p.m., with music from the Mountain Park Old Time Band. Fiddle sculptures will
be placed on the sidewalks of North Main Street from May 3 through October, for
all to enjoy. On May 3, artists will be standing alongside their fiddle
creations, during the Budbreak Wine Festival. On Oct. 24, fiddles will be
auctioned at Old North State Winery, with three of the fiddles becoming
permanent public art on the sidewalks of downtown Mount Airy.

For more information about the Fiddle Crawl, visit www.mountairydowntown.org or
the Downtown Mount Airy Facebook page.

Here is information on four of the featured artists.

Mike Lowe --"Cradled in the Blue Ridge"

For more than 50 years, Mike Lowe has been creating art, including scrimshaw,
leatherwork, song writing, storytelling, and most recently, painting. Lowe works
as a bus driver and tutor for Surry County Schools and was born and raised in
Surry County.

For Lowe, creating art is a way of holding on to memories and capturing moments
and traditions before they fade away -- a way to preserve, to explain, to hold
on to joy, or even the sadness of a moment.

The beginning of leatherwork for Lowe was when he saw the movie "Jeremiah
Johnson" and said he really loved his bearskin boots: "You couldn't buy that
type of thing in Mount Airy, so I started working with leather." Lowe said he
later discovered his grandfather worked with leather, creating harnesses for his
horses. Now Lowe primarily creates leather book and Bible covers as well as
special orders. He recently created the ship's log and a photo album for the USS
North Carolina nuclear submarine. His work can be seen in the Village of
Yesteryear every October at the North Carolina State Fair in Raleigh.

Lowe's fiddle design "Cradled in the Blue Ridge" was inspired by a cabin, built
in 1785, at a museum he and his wife Carol worked at in Boone. His fiddle was
purchased by McArthur's on Main restaurant for permanent installation at that
location.

Talent runs in the family -- Lowe's daughter, Maggie, is a storyteller and is
working on writing her own novel and children's book. For more information about
Lowe, visit his website at www.mklowe.com.

Lizzie Morrison --"A Little Downtown Diddle"

Lizzie Morrison grew up in Mount Airy and studied under art teacher Keenia Beck
at Mount Airy High School. She received a Bachelor of Fine Arts with a
concentration in painting/drawing from Auburn University and works as the Main
Street Coordinator for Downtown Mount Airy Inc.

Morrison recently created an information hub and support group for local artists
on Facebook, the Surry County Visual Artists page.

She shared that she loves to create opportunities for local artists through
events like Art Walk and Fiddle Crawl and teaches art classes for people of all
skill levels and ages, including Paint the Night away classes at Surry Arts
Council and Vino & Van Gogh classes at Old North State Winery. Morrison enjoys
painting, drawing, printmaking, and collage, and loves combining different
styles and mediums, considering herself to be a mixed media artist.

Morrison's fiddle, "A Little Downtown Diddle," is inspired by downtown Mount
Airy, and meant to "heighten feelings of excitement and nostalgia that locals
and visitors experience when they're downtown." Her fiddle is sponsored by Main
Oak Emporium, and will be featured in front of that location.

Morrison shared that she "feels certain that each of our talents are a gift that
is given to us by God, and we are meant to share that with everyone."

For more information about Morrison, visit www.lizziejmorrison.com.

Maria Skaskiw -- "The Singing Fiddle"

Skaskiw shared that she embarked on exploring her interest later in life, which
led to a "wonderful new chapter and adventure." She began taking continuing
education class, workshops, and demos to membership in the New York Art Students
League and the Alliance of Queens Artists when she lived in New York.

Watercolors and pastels, including still-life, landscapes, and figures, are
Skaskiw's passion, and they adorn the walls of her home. Her works have been
featured on covers of school publications, in private collections, exhibitions,
and commissioned work.

Skaskiw was born in the Ukraine, and raised in New York City. She moved to Mount
Airy in 2011, where she undertook a new chapter in her life as a grandmother.
The natural beauty of the surrounding area of Mount Airy is appealing to her,
and provides her with artistic inspiration. She was a participant in last year's
Art Walk and teaches workshops on Ukrainian Easter eggs each year at the Mount
Airy Museum of Regional History.

The design for Skaskiw's fiddle arrived as soon as she looked at the shape of
the fiddle sculpture. She didn't expect to be picked, and was overwhelmed with
joy at the news she was chosen as one of the artists. Skaskiw's fiddle was
sponsored by Patterson and will be located in front of Scarlet Begonias.

Contact Skaskiw by email at mskaskiw2002@yahoo.com

Kayla Ellis -- "Origins"

Kayla Ellis was born in Arkansas, near the Mississippi delta. She earned a
Bachelor's of Fine Arts in Art Education from Austin Peay State University in
Tennessee and lived in Virginia and Missouri before settling in Mount Airy.

Ellis is a national board certified teacher and an art educator, working as the
art teacher at Franklin and Flat Rock Elementary Schools and teaching art at
Surry Arts Council.

Her mother was a seamstress, who taught her how to sew, and her father was a
farmer, who Ellis said taught her how to appreciate the constantly changing sky
and look for funnel clouds. She said she grew up entertaining her self with
arts, mostly drawing, and today really enjoys using oil pastels and acrylic
paints.

She is a quilt-maker who loves to sew by hand and enjoys the "shared aspects of
quilting and painting: color, design, grids...and all the straight lines that
evoke the straight horizon of the flat Arkansas landscape."

Ellis shared that she heard about the Fiddle Crawl when she was with a friend:
"We both got excited just talking about it, and I am so busy working as a
teacher that I find I'm not making art for myself." This led Ellis to apply for
the project "right before applications were due," submitting a design that was
"inspired by the form of the fiddle itself, how feminine it is," adding
inspirations from her love of quilt-making, sewing, and nods to female artists
who inspire her, such as Georgia O'Keefe.

Ellis chose to incorporate tissue paper from vintage patterns into her design:
"I liked the texture of it and the immediacy of putting it down and using the
modge podge to add it, with the lines telling you which direction to cut and the
folds giving it an architectural quality."

Ellis' fiddle, "Origins," was purchased by F. Rees Company for permanent
installation at that location.

Reach Jessica Johnson at 719-1933 and on Twitter @MountAiryJess.

___ (c)2014 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140414-NI-Fiddle-Crawl-a-look-at-four-of-the-artists-0414-20140414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2014

                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

Arkansas: Old Time Fiddle Weekend

LENGTH: 113  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Department of Parks & Tourism, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following event detail:

Old Time Fiddle Weekend
Ozark Folk Center State Park
September 19, 2014 - September 20, 2014
Admission: TBA

All fiddle all the time this weekend, with a special emphasis on traditional old
time Ozark style. Nightly concerts and instruction featuring some of the premier
players as well as a good ol' fashioned fiddle contest. For more information
please visit us online at www.ozarkfolkcenter.com.


Ozark Folk Center State Park
1032 Park Avenue
Mountain View, AR  72560

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  http://www.arkansasstateparks.com


LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

Arkansas: Old Time Fiddle Weekend

LENGTH: 113  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Department of Parks & Tourism, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following event detail:

Old Time Fiddle Weekend
Ozark Folk Center State Park
September 19, 2014 - September 20, 2014
Admission: TBA

All fiddle all the time this weekend, with a special emphasis on traditional old
time Ozark style. Nightly concerts and instruction featuring some of the premier
players as well as a good ol' fashioned fiddle contest. For more information
please visit us online at www.ozarkfolkcenter.com.


Ozark Folk Center State Park
1032 Park Avenue
Mountain View, AR  72560

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  http://www.arkansasstateparks.com


LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Arkansas: Old Time Fiddle Weekend

LENGTH: 113  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Department of Parks & Tourism, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following event detail:

Old Time Fiddle Weekend
Ozark Folk Center State Park
September 19, 2014 - September 20, 2014
Admission: TBA

All fiddle all the time this weekend, with a special emphasis on traditional old
time Ozark style. Nightly concerts and instruction featuring some of the premier
players as well as a good ol' fashioned fiddle contest. For more information
please visit us online at www.ozarkfolkcenter.com.


Ozark Folk Center State Park
1032 Park Avenue
Mountain View, AR  72560

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  http://www.arkansasstateparks.com


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Arkansas: Old Time Fiddle Weekend

LENGTH: 113  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Department of Parks & Tourism, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following event detail:

Old Time Fiddle Weekend
Ozark Folk Center State Park
September 19, 2014 - September 20, 2014
Admission: TBA

All fiddle all the time this weekend, with a special emphasis on traditional old
time Ozark style. Nightly concerts and instruction featuring some of the premier
players as well as a good ol' fashioned fiddle contest. For more information
please visit us online at www.ozarkfolkcenter.com.


Ozark Folk Center State Park
1032 Park Avenue
Mountain View, AR  72560

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  http://www.arkansasstateparks.com


LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Arkansas: Old Time Fiddle Weekend

LENGTH: 113  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Department of Parks & Tourism, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following event detail:

Old Time Fiddle Weekend
Ozark Folk Center State Park
September 19, 2014 - September 20, 2014
Admission: TBA

All fiddle all the time this weekend, with a special emphasis on traditional old
time Ozark style. Nightly concerts and instruction featuring some of the premier
players as well as a good ol' fashioned fiddle contest. For more information
please visit us online at www.ozarkfolkcenter.com.


Ozark Folk Center State Park
1032 Park Avenue
Mountain View, AR  7256

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  http://www.arkansasstateparks.com


LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Arkansas: Old Time Fiddle Weekend

LENGTH: 113  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Department of Parks & Tourism, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following event detail:

Old Time Fiddle Weekend
Ozark Folk Center State Park
September 19, 2014 - September 20, 2014
Admission: TBA

All fiddle all the time this weekend, with a special emphasis on traditional old
time Ozark style. Nightly concerts and instruction featuring some of the premier
players as well as a good ol' fashioned fiddle contest. For more information
please visit us online at www.ozarkfolkcenter.com.


Ozark Folk Center State Park
1032 Park Avenue
Mountain View, AR  72560

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  http://www.arkansasstateparks.com


LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                       May 1, 2003 Thursday Final Edition

Two ways to fiddle: While the bad boy tries to go straight, his reliable cousin
tries new styles.

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Lynn Saxberg

SECTION: Arts; Music; Pg. G1

LENGTH: 1209 words

Two fiddlers from Cape Breton have followed two very different paths, but both
find themselves in Ottawa tonight to take part in the Atlantic Scene Festival.

Natalie MacMaster is headlining a lavish, three-night run at the National Arts
Centre with the NAC Orchestra and the coal miners' chorus Men of the Deeps,
while Ashley MacIsaac celebrates the first disc of a new major-label deal with a
show at Barrymore's Music Hall.

For MacMaster, tonight will be a climax, one of the biggest Canadian shows of a
career that has seen a Grammy Award nomination, Juno awards, a steady fan base
and consistent album sales. For MacIsaac, the flamboyant fiddler who transformed
traditional fiddle music in the mid-1990s by combining it with electronica,
hip-hop and grunge, tonight is a purposeful attempt to kickstart a flagging
career.

Both musicians grew up in the same area of the rocky Nova Scotia island.
MacMaster is from Troy; MacIsaac from nearby Creignish. In fact, they're
cousins. And both have made a career out of playing the fiddle, Cape Breton
style. The similarities end there.

Dependable MacMaster was right where she was supposed to be one afternoon last
week. From a hotel room in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, she picked up the phone on
the second ring.

Ashley MacIsaac, on the other hand, was not where he was supposed to be --
twice. The first time, the record company people explained that MacIsaac's tour
had been routed through central British Columbia, and his Toronto cellphone went
out of range. No one was sure what happened the second time, but the label
offered to set up a third phone interview.

Unfortunately, time ran out. The formerly notorious Cape Breton fiddler has
reportedly cleaned up his act, but obviously he's still a wily character. This
is the guy, you will remember, whose colourful past includes admitting to a
crack-cocaine addiction, detailing his gay love life to the press, flipping his
kilt on live late-night television, declaring bankruptcy and lacing into an
audience of ravegoers on New Year's Eve 1999 with a tirade of obscenities.

But all has been forgiven by his new record company. The 28-year-old MacIsaac
landed a deal with the prestigious Decca Records, a label usually known for
handling classical music, jazz and blues, and the company put a lot of effort
(and a reported $500,000) into making a new album.

The self-titled disc has all the elements of a hit -- a bigshot producer (Roger
Greenawalt, who's worked with everyone from Nils Lofgren to Ministry), solid
material, including a remake of the Paul McCartney hit Mull of Kintyre, and a
mind-boggling array of guest artists, from Dallas Smith of Default (singing the
aforementioned McCartney chestnut) to Ashley's sister, Lisa MacIsaac. It's his
first predominantly vocal album, including some raspy singing from Ashley
himself. There's also a handsome new photograph of him on the cover.

It seems pretty obvious that MacIsaac was determined to resurrect his career,
and found a record company willing to support him. After all, he's got the
talent, and has always been striving to push the envelope with his music.
Besides, he's been a reliable performer the last couple of years. He has shown
up on time, played his heart out and has been a total pro, say promoters who
have recently worked with the fiddler.

Another new project for MacIsaac is his autobiography, Fiddling with Disaster,
which was due this month but appears to have been delayed until the summer. In
it, he writes: "My goal in life has been the same from the beginning: To become
a Cape Breton fiddle player. And if you were to ask someone on the street who
Ashley MacIsaac is, I think probably quite a few would describe me as just that
-- although some would probably insist on tacking on a few extra things, like
crazy Cape Breton fiddle player, or gay Cape Breton fiddle player, or stoned
Cape Breton fiddle player -- or crazy-gay-stoned Cape Breton fiddle player. I
can't complain though, as long as they add the fiddle player part."

MacMaster, meanwhile, is at a different crossroads in her career. While MacIsaac
is looking for a comeback, his cousin is seeking innovation, and maybe a few new
fans along the way. She's made a career out of crisp, sparkling playing, and has
a knack for making theatre concerts feel like special events. She's charming,
funny and relaxed on stage and appeals to a family audience.

Her quest for a fresh approach translated into working with new people in a new
setting. MacMaster's forthcoming disc, expected this fall, was recorded in
Nashville, features her own array of guest artists, including banjo master Bela
Fleck and his bassist, Victor Wooten, and includes more original material than
any of her past albums, although there is plenty of traditional fare, too.

"What I wanted was basically a record that was simple but acoustically really
strong, with great players," she says. "so that the music is very clear."

It's also the first time she's recorded with dobro and five-string banjo and one
of the few times she has added mandolin to her usual blend of piano, guitar,
pipes and fiddle. The disc, so far untitled, is done, save for the mixing
process.

Surprisingly, one person who's not a guest musician on her new disc is
MacMaster's husband of six months, Donnell Leahy, who's also a virtuoso fiddler
in the Cape Breton style, though he grew up near Peterborough. He heads Leahy, a
dynamic group made up of his brothers and sisters.

Come to think of it, Leahy is the third high-profile fiddler in town tonight,
although he's not scheduled to perform. He'll be in the audience at the NAC
watching his wife perform.

MacMaster says they'll probably collaborate on something musical "sometime down
the road," but for now, both are busy with their own careers. The answer's
almost the same when you ask her about starting a family.

"We'd love kids," MacMaster says, "but we're just taking life as it's being
given to us, and it's been lovely. "When you have love in your life, it reflects
in every element of your life. We want to play now more than ever. We're just so
happy to be able to play."

Still, MacMaster had a bit of an eye-opener a couple of weeks back when Fleck
invited her to sit in with him on stage at Massey Hall in Toronto. She was
struck by the legions of young people he has as fans. Thanks to the
improvisational nature of his concerts, Fleck attracts a strong following from
the jam-band scene.

"It was really cool to see his audience because it was completely different from
mine," says MacMaster. "For some reason, my audience is older, and Bela's is
really young, like teenagers. They're so enthusiastic. They don't care who's
watching. They'll come right up to the stage and they'll just move and groove. I
love that freeness.

"Most of our crowd is older and they don't want to get up in front of people."

If you're wondering why, it's not because their knees hurt.

"They're not that old," she shot back, patiently explaining that they just don't
have the uninhibited ways of youth.

Anyway, it sounds like MacMaster would like to have a little of what MacIsaac
used to have -- a hip, young crowd -- while MacIsaac might like to experience
MacMaster's level of success.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Although Ashley MacIsaac has sobered up some and is busy
resurrecting his career, he cheerfully admits that some people still see him as
that crazy-gay-stoned Cape Breton fiddle player.; Colour Photo: Natalie
MacMaster headlines a lavish, three-night run at the National Arts Centre
starting tonight.; Photo: Darrell Oake, The Canadian Press; Natalie MacMaster
married fellow fiddling virtuoso Donnell Leahy, of the band Leahy, last October.
He'll be at the NAC watching her perform tonight.

TYPE: Column

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            July 29, 2015, Wednesday

Appalachian String Band Music Festival in full swing this week in Fayette County

BYLINE: Clint Thomas

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P2P

LENGTH: 699 words


cthomas@cnpapers.com 304-348-1232

The 2015 Appalachian String Band Music Festival, featuring some of the best
fiddlers and banjo pickers in the world, is set for Wednesday, July 29 through
Sunday, Aug. 2.

The five-day camping experience in the heart of West Virginia also includes
music contests, dancing, arts and crafts and games for the whole family.

The West Virginia Division of Culture and History's 26th annual music festival
will be held at Camp Washington-Carver in Clifftop, Fayette County. The popular,
annual festival draws thousands of string-band musicians and fans from across
the country and around the world for its concerts, dancing, workshops and
contests in which musicians and dancers can win prizes of up to $700.

Megan B. Lynch Chowning, who won the Robert C. Byrd Award for traditional fiddle
playing at the Grand Master Fiddler Championship this year in Nashville, will be
a featured performer. On Saturday, Chowning will teach an afternoon master's
workshop. She is a seven-time national fiddle champion, touring musician,
recording artist, teacher, singer and flatfoot dancer.

Chowning joins grand masters Daniel Gellert of Dayton, Ohio, and Ginny Hawker of
Coxs Mills, who also will be featured in showcase workshops/performances at the
festival.

Phil Jamison, square dance caller, old-time musician and flatfoot dancer, also
will be showcased at this year's event. He will give a talk and host a
discussion on the history of Appalachian dances on Saturday at 3 p.m. Jamison
recently published a book, "Hoedowns, Reels, and Frolics: Roots and Branches of
Southern Appalachian Dance (University of Illinois Press), in which he explores
the origins of the square dances, step dances (buckdance, flatfooting and
clogging), team clogging and other forms that are part of the Appalachian dance
tradition. Jamison will sign and sell his books for $28 after his talk.

More than 25 arts, craft and music vendors will be on site along with food
vendors, and fresh produce will be for sale.

Contests include fiddle and banjo on Thursday, neo-traditional band on Friday
and traditional band and flatfoot dance on Saturday. Senior (60 and older) and
youth (15 and younger) categories are available in the fiddle and banjo
contests. A youth award is available in both the band contests for groups with
all members 18 years old or younger. The neo-traditional band contest also
provides an award for best original song and tune. The flatfoot dance contest
bestows awards in four age categories.

Throughout the week, festival-goers can step onto the dance floor to learn
flatfoot dancing and square dancing. Nightly square dances in the historic Great
Chestnut Lodge from Wednesday through Saturday and outdoor concerts on Friday
and Saturday evening are popular attractions.

Highlights for children and families include arts and crafts, basket making,
daily yoga sessions and more.

Daily admission is $15 for adults and $10 for seniors (age 60 and older) and
youth (ages 6 to 17). Children 5 and younger get in free.

Rough camping for the five-day festival is available on a first-come,
first-served basis for $45 for adults, $40 for seniors and youth, $90 per family
(two adults and any number of children under the age of 18) and $80 per senior
family (two adults 60 years old or more and any number of children under the age
of 18). The rough-camping rate and daily admission fee includes admission to all
activities.

A picturesque retreat listed in the National Register of Historic Places and
operated by the West Virginia Division of Culture and History, Camp
Washington-Carver serves as the state's mountain cultural arts center. The
facility nurtures the cultural heritage embodied in the site since its
dedication in 1942 as a 4-H and agricultural extension camp for West Virginia's
African Americans. The camp is located in Fayette County next to Babcock State
Park, just off U.S. 60 (Midland Trail) on Route 41 South.

For more information about the Appalachian String Band Music Festival or a
complete schedule of events, visit the division's website at
www.wvculture.org/stringband/index.html or call the division at 304-558-0220.
Camp Washington-Carver can be reached at 304-438-3005.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers

                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            July 29, 2015, Wednesday

Appalachian String Band Music Festival in full swing this week in Fayette County

BYLINE: Clint Thomas

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P2P

LENGTH: 699 words


cthomas@cnpapers.com 304-348-1232

The 2015 Appalachian String Band Music Festival, featuring some of the best
fiddlers and banjo pickers in the world, is set for Wednesday, July 29 through
Sunday, Aug. 2.

The five-day camping experience in the heart of West Virginia also includes
music contests, dancing, arts and crafts and games for the whole family.

The West Virginia Division of Culture and History's 26th annual music festival
will be held at Camp Washington-Carver in Clifftop, Fayette County. The popular,
annual festival draws thousands of string-band musicians and fans from across
the country and around the world for its concerts, dancing, workshops and
contests in which musicians and dancers can win prizes of up to $700.

Megan B. Lynch Chowning, who won the Robert C. Byrd Award for traditional fiddle
playing at the Grand Master Fiddler Championship this year in Nashville, will be
a featured performer. On Saturday, Chowning will teach an afternoon master's
workshop. She is a seven-time national fiddle champion, touring musician,
recording artist, teacher, singer and flatfoot dancer.

Chowning joins grand masters Daniel Gellert of Dayton, Ohio, and Ginny Hawker of
Coxs Mills, who also will be featured in showcase workshops/performances at the
festival.

Phil Jamison, square dance caller, old-time musician and flatfoot dancer, also
will be showcased at this year's event. He will give a talk and host a
discussion on the history of Appalachian dances on Saturday at 3 p.m. Jamison
recently published a book, "Hoedowns, Reels, and Frolics: Roots and Branches of
Southern Appalachian Dance (University of Illinois Press), in which he explores
the origins of the square dances, step dances (buckdance, flatfooting and
clogging), team clogging and other forms that are part of the Appalachian dance
tradition. Jamison will sign and sell his books for $28 after his talk.

More than 25 arts, craft and music vendors will be on site along with food
vendors, and fresh produce will be for sale.

Contests include fiddle and banjo on Thursday, neo-traditional band on Friday
and traditional band and flatfoot dance on Saturday. Senior (60 and older) and
youth (15 and younger) categories are available in the fiddle and banjo
contests. A youth award is available in both the band contests for groups with
all members 18 years old or younger. The neo-traditional band contest also
provides an award for best original song and tune. The flatfoot dance contest
bestows awards in four age categories.

Throughout the week, festival-goers can step onto the dance floor to learn
flatfoot dancing and square dancing. Nightly square dances in the historic Great
Chestnut Lodge from Wednesday through Saturday and outdoor concerts on Friday
and Saturday evening are popular attractions.

Highlights for children and families include arts and crafts, basket making,
daily yoga sessions and more.

Daily admission is $15 for adults and $10 for seniors (age 60 and older) and
youth (ages 6 to 17). Children 5 and younger get in free.

Rough camping for the five-day festival is available on a first-come,
first-served basis for $45 for adults, $40 for seniors and youth, $90 per family
(two adults and any number of children under the age of 18) and $80 per senior
family (two adults 60 years old or more and any number of children under the age
of 18). The rough-camping rate and daily admission fee includes admission to all
activities.

A picturesque retreat listed in the National Register of Historic Places and
operated by the West Virginia Division of Culture and History, Camp
Washington-Carver serves as the state's mountain cultural arts center. The
facility nurtures the cultural heritage embodied in the site since its
dedication in 1942 as a 4-H and agricultural extension camp for West Virginia's
African Americans. The camp is located in Fayette County next to Babcock State
Park, just off U.S. 60 (Midland Trail) on Route 41 South.

For more information about the Appalachian String Band Music Festival or a
complete schedule of events, visit the division's website at
www.wvculture.org/stringband/index.html or call the division at 304-558-0220.
Camp Washington-Carver can be reached at 304-438-3005.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers

                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                            February 15, 2013 Friday

Americana band Driftwood returns to N.C.

BYLINE: DAWN BAUMGARTNER VAUGHAN dvaughan@heraldsun.com; 919-419-6563

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 502  words


If you go see Americana band Driftwood perform tonight at Motorco Music Hall in
Durham, be appreciative of what they braved to be here: a snowstorm. The
Binghamton, N.Y.-based band began their tour last week in the Adirondacks, and
then drove on to Pittsburgh in a 15-passenger van through snow that turned a
nine-hour drive into an 18-hour one. But still, they made it in time for the
show. The band tours frequently and has performed in the Triangle before, in
particular three attention-getting performances at the Shakori Hills Grassroots
Festival.

Fiddle player Claire Byrne joined the band five years ago because of a tour. She
was touring with the folk duo Nate and Kate, who were mutual friends of
pre-Byrne Driftwood, and got a ride with Driftwood.

"We think it was a band blind date," she said by phone this week on the road in
Baltimore, Md. "We hit it off right away, played on stage right away. They asked
me to join and I was really excited," Byrne said.

Byrne is classically trained on the violin. In college, she became frustrated
with the rigorous classical education of "black and white, yes and no, rigid
education. That's what classical music is, and is open to interpretation, but
only the tip of the iceberg," she said. She started getting into fiddle music in
part because of her Irish heritage and spent time jamming to a different style.
Driftwood is an Americana band with, as its most recent album title shows, "A
Rock & Roll Heart."

Byrne has meshed her classical background with the band's sound. She didn't
struggle much with the switchover, she said. It was letting go of the rules she
knew, "but if you just dive in and immerse yourself in fiddle music, it comes
naturally."

The violin/fiddle player enjoys having a classical background. She teaches, and
it's important for students to know their scales and have that foundation, she
said, then they can throw them out the window. Sometimes Byrne misses

see driftwood/page d2

playing with an orchestra, but playing with the band is a different kind of
musical freedom.

"Sometimes you get these magical moments, and we look at each other like 'Did
that just happen?'" she said of performing on stage.

Fellow band members Joe Kollar (banjo, vocal, drums, organ, guitar) and Dan
Forsyth (guitar, vocals) are the primary writers for Driftwood. Jon Doll plays
upright bass. Kollar and Forsyth bring a song to the group and they'll all
discuss it, work out the kinks and add parts, Byrne said. "Everybody puts their
two cents in," she said.

The Motorco show will include a lot of songs from "A Rock & Roll Heart" as well
as a lot of new stuff. Driftwood is working on a new album. "Americana" is a
broad musical description, Byrne said. There's some folks, rock and roll and
indie aspects to Driftwood.

"The show is kind of all over the map," she said.

Watch their official video for "A Rock & Roll Heart" at
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdGuNDkksrY

and a recording of a 2011 performance of "Love Is" at
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66DeYYQo34A.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Independent (Ashland, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 21, 2008 Sunday

Contest a tribute to legendary fiddler

BYLINE: Mike James, The Daily Independent, Ashland, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 576 words


Sep. 21--ASHLAND -- Once a year, the spirit of a musical legend returns to
Ashland, where devotees of his inimitable style rip through impossibly intricate
fiddle tunes.

The legendary blind fiddler Ed Haley, who once played for pocket change in front
of J.C. Murphy's, has inspired new generations of players who keep on coming
back to Ashland for the annual Ed Haley Memorial Old Time Fiddle Fest.

"When I first heard records of Ed Haley, I fell in love with his style," said
Nikos Pappas, who lives in Lexington and came to Ashland Saturday to compete in
the contest. "It's so intricate and expressive. I've worked on trying to master
his tunes."

Now in its 13th year, the contest is a signature event of Poage Landing Days,
Ashland's autumn celebration of Kentucky culture.

It's one of the few contests in the state devoted exclusively to the style of
music Haley perfected, Pappas said.

"I love his music," said Ishmael J. Ison of Elliottville, who played "Cackling
Hen" as one of his contest numbers. The tune is one that used to win
competitions for Haley, he said.

Now 71, Ison still remembers the day he came home from school and saw his
uncle's fiddle hanging on the wall. He took it down and told himself he'd play a
tune before he went to sleep.

The vow kept him awake late into the night but started a fire that never burned
out. He even took his instrument on board with him on a cruise during his navy
days.

Old-time music has its younger devotees as well, and the contest has a division
for teens.

"I like the sound of the fiddle," said Heather Schoolcraft, who is 10 and lives
in Charleston, W.Va. Schoolcraft played "Whisky Before Breakfast" as her first
tune.

Schoolcraft loves to play so much that she often requires coaxing to put it down
at bedtime, she said. "Sometimes I'd rather practice than go swimming."

Schoolcraft took second place in the teen division, right behind winner Carson
Glancy of Greenup.

Pappas won second in the adult division. The adult winner, Adam Hurt of
Winston-Salem, N.C., squared off with senior division winner Paul Smith of Hardy
for the Ed Haley Memorial Award. The play-off requires competitors to choose a
Haley tune.

Smith won the distinction playing "Forked Deer." There's a cash award for the
winner, but the real prize is the chance to play Haley's own violin.

Playing Haley's instrument is "the ultimate honor for any fiddler," said Bobby
Taylor, one of the judges. "This is the most historic fiddle in the world. It
comes out to sing to you all again."

Smith was competing for the seventh time in the Haley festival; he played in the
first one and has won first place every time he competed.

"I'm glad to see it continuing because it promotes the type of music in this
area," he said.

Smith also is glad to see young players like Heather take up the fiddle, because
handing the art down from generation to generation keeps Ed Haley's musical
legacy alive.

"It's the only way it will survive," he said.

MIKE JAMES can be reached at mjames@dailyindependent.com or at (606) 326-2652.

To see more of The Daily Independent or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyindependent.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Daily Independent,
Ashland, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080921-KA-Contest-a-tribute-to-legendary-fiddler-0921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KA


                                 Copyright 2008

                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      San Ramon Valley Times (California)

                      August 31, 2001 Friday FINAL EDITION

HE WHITTLES HIS FIDDLES, THEN PLAYS;
HE TOOK UP THE VIOLIN ONLY FOUR YEARS AGO, AND NOW THE RETIRED PHYSICIST MAKES
THEM

BYLINE: MEGAN LONG, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; TRI-VALLEY CLASSICS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 679 words

DATELINE: LIVERMORE


LIVERMORE Instead of paying an expert to fix his first violin four years ago,
Don Homan opted to do the job himself.

When he opened the violin's body and discovered its poor craftsmanship, he did
what any man with a long history of woodworking experience would do he decided
to build a fitter fiddle.

"The workmanship was horrible. I thought, I can do it better myself,'" said
Homan, 68, a retired physicist who created the wooden Monument to Peace
sculpture outside the Livermore Public Library's main branch.

A longtime clarinetist, Homan has added violin playing and making to his many
retirement pastimes. Besides finishing his fifth fiddle fiddle and violin are
synonymous he plays with the San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers, which will be
featured at the Scottish Games at the Alameda County Fairgrounds this weekend.

"I played the clarinet since I was a kid, but right now I'm having more fun with
the violin," he said.

"The fiddle is an instrument where you can be more involved with other people.
With the clarinet, unless you're the best in the valley, there's no chance of
getting in the orchestra because they only need one."

Homan, whose wood handiwork is found throughout the 20-year-old house he built
high in the hills several miles north of Livermore in Contra Costa County, gets
up about 5:30 each morning to practice lively Scottish fiddle tunes.

His practice room is adjacent to his workshop, but sometimes Homan takes his
violin outside to take advantage of his home's sweeping vista of rolling hills
and the Los Vaqueros Reservoir.

The unassuming, lean Philadelphia native was introduced to the virtues of the
violin by his sister, a resident of Nova Scotia, the Canadian province
established by Scots, where fiddling is popular.

"When I was visiting, she gave me one and said, Take it home and see if you like
it,'" Homan said. "So I started playing at 64."

A sculptor at heart, Homan most enjoys rounding the "belly" of the violin with a
chisel, shaving off pieces of Sitka spruce the only type of wood used for the
front part of the violin. He places a bowed piece of wood marked with a crayon
as a guide over the fledgling fiddle, then flicks off the guide marks left
behind to attain the required curvature.

Later in the crafting process, Homan uses old clarinet parts for the nut of the
fiddle, the piece that feeds the strings into the tuning pegs. With further
resourcefulness, he uses old drills supplied by his dentist to trench around the
side for the decorative border that also serves to prevent splits from
spreading.

Although Homan enjoys creating the instruments, he doesn't see it becoming a
hobby, despite an offer of marketing help from his oldest son, Ted, an
accomplished musician in Denver.

"I'm just doing it for fun," Homan said. "Another man in the (fiddle) group
makes them and brings all his stuff and sets up a (sales) booth at concerts. I'm
just a little too bashful to do that."

The retiree, who also occasionally jams on his violin with a banjo-playing
neighbor, has about 200 Scottish tunes memorized and plays with his fellow
fiddlers at monthly practice sessions.

"It's an interesting group of people we have every occupation from brain surgeon
to physicist to chemist to sheet rocker, you name it," Homan said.

At this weekend's Scottish Games, 50 of the San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers will
perform with their world-renowned leader and founder, Alasdair Fraser, a
Scotland native.

The group's show is at 10 a.m. Sunday at the Celtic Heritage Site, and "grand
fiddlers' rallies" will be at 10:30 a.m., 1 p.m. and 3:45 p.m. at the
ground-level stage in the same area.

"Scottish fiddling is one of the most popular entertainment (events) we have.
It's exciting, really high-energy, and a lot of people really enjoy that," said
Russell Cramer, a spokesman for the games.

"This year, with 50 fiddlers playing simultaneously, it will be quite a
spectacle. We're expecting a large turnout for that event."

Megan Long covers Livermore. Reach her at 925-847-2121 or mlong@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1, Don Homan plays on his homemade violin; Photo 2, a closeup of
the violin; Photo 3, a violin begins to take shape on Homan's workbench (Cindi
Christie, Times)

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 19, 2014 Monday

Photo gallery: Musicians, local yam it up at gatherings

BYLINE: Ben Hillyer, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 388 words


May 19--BEN HILLYER \ THE NATCHEZ DEMOCRAT -- Those who came to hear the sounds
of old-time music did it in their own unique ways Saturday afternoon during the
seventh annual Great Big Yam Potatoes Old-Time Music Gathering and Fiddle
Contest at Historic Jefferson College. Seven-year old Pearl Magee was so caught
up in the music that she didn't mind her uncle Dan Magee playing

with her hair.

Ben Hillyer \ The Natchez Democrat -- Those who came to hear the sounds of
old-time music did it in their own unique ways Saturday afternoon during the
seventh annual Great Big Yam Potatoes Old-Time Music Gathering and Fiddle
Contest at Historic Jefferson College. Seven-year old Pearl Magee was so caught
up in the music that she didn't mind her uncle Dan Magee playing with her hair.

Ben HIllyer / The Natchez Democrat -- Those who came to hear the sounds of
old-time music did it in their own unique ways Saturday afternoon during the
seventh annual Great Big Yam Potatoes Old-Time Music Gathering and Fiddle
Contest at Historic Jefferson College. Brandi Lewis and Lee Carby do yoga and
other exercises during the event.

Ben HIllyer / The Natchez Democrat -- Those who came to hear the sounds of
old-time music did it in their own unique ways Saturday afternoon during the
seventh annual Great Big Yam Potatoes Old-Time Music Gathering and Fiddle
Contest at Historic Jefferson College. Brandi Lewis and Lee Carby do yoga and
other exercises during the event.

Ben Hillyer / The Natchez Democrat -- Hal Landem from Boulder, Colo., competes
in the fiddle contest.

Ben Hillyer / The Natchez Democrat -- Hal Landem from Boulder, Colo., competes
in the fiddle contest.

Ben Hillyer / The Natchez Democrat -- Artists from Jackson came to the gathering
to paint the scenery and enjoy the music.

Ben Hillyer / The Natchez Democrat -- Artists from Jackson came to the gathering
to paint the scenery and enjoy the music.

Ben Hillyer / The Natchez Democrat

Ben Hillyer / The Natchez Democrat

Ben Hillyer / The Natchez Democrat -- Those who came to the gathering listened
from inside and outside.

Ben Hillyer / The Natchez Democrat -- Those who came to the gathering listened
from inside and outside.

___ (c)2014 The Natchez Democrat (Natchez, Miss.) Visit The Natchez Democrat
(Natchez, Miss.) at www.natchezdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140519-YY-Photo-gallery-Musicians-local-yam-it-up-at-gatherings-0519-20140519

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2014 The Natchez Democrat

                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                The Pocahontas Times (Marlinton, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 2, 2015

Fiddlin around at Allegheny Echoes

BYLINE: The Pocahontas Times staff

LENGTH: 722  words


Marlinton was humming last week with the sounds of old time tunes played by
students and instructors at Allegheny Echoes. Guitarists strummed, banjoist
plucked and fiddlers -- well, fiddled.

The beginner and intermediate fiddle class taught by Danny Arthur, of
Huntington, spent their days at the gazebo in Stillwell Park, perfecting
old-time tunes, including "Old Gray Mare," which they played at the student
concert Thursday.

The class was unique because it had three students -- T.D. Sparks, of Marlinton;
Sarah Riley, of Hillsboro; and Joan Vance, of Lewisburg.

Each student was at a different level, but with the small class atmosphere, they
were able to work together.

"I've probably been playing close to ten years because I started with my
grandchildren," Vance said. "I came so my granddaughter could come, and then I
decided I might as well try it. I love to just come to class. I love to sit on
my back porch and fiddle."

Sparks, an upcoming seventh grader at Marlinton Middle School, began playing
fiddle six years ago and has attended Allegheny Echoes five years in a row.

Riley comes from a musical family -- three of her children also attend Allegheny
Echoes -- but she has only played for three years.

"All my kids were playing before I was playing," she said. "I always thought I
would learn how to play the fiddle. When I was little, my mom played the fiddle.
This is her fiddle. I took guitar for a little bit until they started teaching
fiddle tunes on the guitar and I was like, 'this is ridiculous. I'm not going to
learn fiddle tunes on the guitar, I'm getting the fiddle.'"

With 16 years of fiddle playing under his belt, Arthur began as a backup
guitarist.

"If I wouldn't have played guitar behind all these fiddlers for all these years,
I don't know if I could have started with raw fiddle," he said. "It gave me the
sense of the music to get in there and play with those songs. I'm totally in awe
of someone who starts from scratch on a fiddle and dig it out in a traditional
scene like that, then picks up the guitar along the way. That's just talent."

Arthur "migrated" to fiddle and said he had to give a lot of focus to the
instrument in order to master it.

"I took-two solid weeks, locked myself in the house and I made a bit of a little
game out of playing," he said. "If you don't keep going it backslides on you all
the time. I backslide. I slid for the past three years backwards. You just have
to play the daggone thing a lot."

According to Riley, Arthur was being modest about his abilities, but she agrees
the fiddle is a hard instrument to learn.

"It takes a shocking amount of time to learn how to play fiddle," she said. "I
think there are so many people in Pocahontas County who have always thought
about [coming to Allegheny Echoes]. Everybody that thinks about it should just
do it, just try it. Most of the people who do that, they keep coming back over
and over and over again. It's not scary and all the instructors are super
helpful and super nice."

The instructors are also some of the best of the best in the country.

"We have some world class instructors up here," Arthur said. "This year, Robert
Hale [of Jolo], the bluegrass guitar player -- he was in J.D. Crow's band. These
guys, they're out there playing all the time. Charlie Walden -- when Kenny

Baker, one of the best fiddler players in the world couldn't make it, they got
Charlie and he went on the road with them.

"These aren't just your average players," he continued. "Chris [Stockwell, dobro
player] went with Diamond Rio for three months out there. You've Jake [Krack],
he really does have that wealth [of knowledge] for such a young guy. Then you've
got Tim Bing, Mike Bing, Richard Hefner -- they're all super players."

Allegheny Echoes is the place to go to learn old time and bluegrass music, but
is also a place to make friends and have fun.

"The bottom line -- the gist of Allegheny Echoes -- besides saving the music and
helping people, is having fun," Arthur said. "That's the last thing Mike said in
orientation the other night. He said, 'now, let's just have a good, fun time
this week,' It's about learning the music and having fun with it and sharing
it."

Classes offered at Allegheny Echoes also include guitar, banjo, mandolin, bass,
dobro, vocal and writing.

Suzanne Stewart may be contacted at sastewart@pocahontastimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PCH

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 The Pocahontas Times

                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                  July 27, 1997, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION
                              Correction Appended

Fiddlin' and steppin' up a storm

BYLINE: (Special)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 245 words

DATELINE: BOBCAYGEON


   BOBCAYGEON (Special) - For 28 years, this tiny village has mounted its own
version of Riverdance.

To the 1,500 residents, the dance spectacle that played at Toronto's Hummingbird
Centre in June has nothing on the Kawartha Lakes Ontario Open Fiddle and Step
Dance Contest.

The event this weekend brought 6,000 to 7,000 visitors to the community, on the
north end of Sturgeon Lake, 37 kilometres northeast of Lindsay.

The contest started as a competition at the local fall fair in 1969 and since
then has blossomed.

It has also generated tens of thousands of dollars for local charities.

The 150 competitors, from pre-schoolers to golden agers, came from as far as the
Yukon to vie for $8,000 in prize money.

Past competitors have included the Leahy Family (now recording artists Leahy)
and the Schryer triplets from Sault Ste. Marie (Daniel, Pierre and Louis), now
in their 20s, who started playing there at 7 years old and have won just about
every Canadian fiddling title in existence.

"The group step dancing is very popular and the people really love it when the
kids get dancing in a group," says Mary Stockdale, one of 11 directors on the
contest committee.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION: A photo caption accompanying a story about the Kawartha Lakes
Ontario Open Fiddle and Step Dance Contest, published last week, misnamed
participant Kurtis Richardson.
CORRECTION

The Star regrets the error. (July 30, 1997. Page A2)

See CORRECTION at end of story.

GRAPHIC: Star color photos (DICK LOEK) HOP TO IT: Matthew Steckly, 7, blows them
away at the Kawartha Lakes Ontario Open Fiddle and Step Dance Contest yesterday.
TUNING UP: On plunger violin and coathanger is Frankie Rodgers, above, while
83-year-old Tommy Smith, left, and Shelley Downing, far left, compete in the
popular fiddle contest that drew thousands of visitors.  SONG AND DANCE:
Seven-year-old Kurtis Stayner, left, shows the secret of his tapshoes. The
veterans, below left, show off their fine fiddle form onstage, while 5-year-old
Angela Kaiser steps lightly in the step-dance contest. The 150 competitors, from
pre-schoolers to golden agers, came from as far as the Yukon to vie for$8,000 in
prize money.  The little girl who changed her tune (p.A1) Savannah Dares, 4, top
left, didn't want to play her violin in front of a crowd and on the brink of
tears she leaves the Kawartha Lakes Ontario Open Fiddle and Step Dance Contest.
Top right, her mother Karen comforts her. Above left, Savannah comes around. And
finally she agrees to play. (NB: Kurtis Richardson is misnamed in this
photo.)Kawartha; Lakes; Ontario; Open; Fiddle; and; Step; Dance; music;
competition

                  Copyright 1997 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Sligo Weekender

                                October 20, 2009

American fiddler DeMarco brings his 'Sligo style' to the north-west

SECTION: ENERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 119 words


A RENOWNED fiddle player who has immersed himself in the Sligo style of
fiddling, Brooklyn native Tony DeMarco, is set to enthral local audiences when
he plays Tobergal Lane Café this Saturday night (11pm).

At this free gig, the audience can appreciate DeMarco's wonderful interpretation
of a style made famous by Sligo fiddle legends such as Michael Coleman, Paddy
Killoran and James Morrison.

DeMarco, considered one of America's finest fiddle players, has also been
influenced by Paddy Reynolds, a Longford-born New York fiddler who was a protégé
of another great Sligo fiddle player, the late James 'Lad' O'Beirne.

Aside from his traditional Irish music skills, DeMarco's fiddle playing has its
roots in American folk.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             May 27, 2010 Thursday

Brattleboro Dawn Dance returns

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 431 words


Thursday May 27, 2010

BRATTLEBORO -- On Sunday, dance aficionados from all over New England and beyond
will converge on Brattleboro to take part in the biannual Brattleboro Dawn
Dance, a 14-hour marathon of English Country, Contra and Couple Dancing in the
Gibson-Aiken Center at 207 Main St. The Dawn Dance takes place each year on
Memorial Day and Labor Day.

The Memorial Day Dawn Dance begins with English dancing from 2:30 to 5:30 p.m.,
led by local favorite Robin Hayden. Music for the English dance segment will be
provided by Naomi Morse and Eric Martin, both of whom will double on violin and
viola; Morse and Martin will be supported by Chloe Maher on piano.

At 8 p.m., Rick Mohr and Nightingale will kick off the contra dance portion of
the evening. Mohr is a former Boston-based caller now living in Philadelphia,
widely known for his expert calling, playful spirit and incredible selection of
original dance compositions. Nightingale is a New England-based trio that has
perfected the art of playing for dancers. Nightingale features Keith Murphy on
guitar, mandolin, and piano, Becky Tracy on fiddle, and Jeremiah McLane on piano
and accordion.

At midnight, Peter Amidon and Rumblestrip take the stage. Amidon is a
Brattleboro resident, known nationwide for his dance calling and song leading,
and his dedication to bringing traditional singing and dancing into schools. He
will call, with music by the Maine-based trio Rumblestrip: Nat Hewitt on fiddle,
Liza Constable on guitar, feet and vocals and Glen Loper on mandolin, banjo, and
percussion. Rumblestrip will be joined by Lise Brown, who plays flute and
saxophone.

The final set of contra dancing begins at 3:30 a.m., with Asheville, N.C.,
caller Diane Silver, who is well-known on the national contra dance stage and
respected for her teaching, her knack for making perfect dance selections, and
for her high-energy and fun stage presence. She will be joined by Ari and Mia
Friedman on cello and fiddle respectively, Emily Troll on fiddle and accordion
and Owen Marshall on guitar.

Tickets are $10 for the English Dance segment, $20 for the Contra segment, or
$25 for both ($7, $15 or $22 for students and seniors). Tickets can be purchased
at www.dawndance.org , in person at Maple Leaf Music in Brattleboro, or at the
door on May 30 from 2:30 to 6 p.m., and 7:30 p.m., until sold out.

For more information, visit www.dawndance.org , e-mail info@dawndance.org , or
contact the Dawn Dance Committee at 802-257-1571, 802-257-1006 or 802-257-9234.

Dancers should bring clean sneakers or soft-soled shoes to protect the dance
floor.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            April 26, 2007 Thursday

Scottish fiddlers offer toe-tapping good time

BYLINE: By Martin Snapp, MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 643 words


Trick question: What's the difference between a violin and a fiddle?

"There isn't any," said Bonnie Rutherford, a sophomore at Holy Names High School
in Oakland. "It's all in the way you play it."

For instance?

"Violin music is meant to be listened to," said Imogen Poropat, a senior at
Berkeley High. "Fiddle music is meant to be danced to."

Bonnie and Imogen are both violinists and fiddle players. Bonnie has been
playing since she was 7, Imogen since she was 8. They love both kinds of music,
but say their heart is with fiddling.

"It's more fun," said Bonnie. "It's all about having a good time, rather than
just sitting there and reading the notes."

Imogen and Bonnie are members of the San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers, who will
kick off their annual spring concert series at Holy Names University on Friday,
followed by performances at Veterans Memorial Center in Davis on Saturday and
Friedman Event Center in Santa Rosa on Sunday.

More than 100 musicians -- fiddlers, cellists, guitar players, flutists and even
a harmonica player -- will fill the hall with Celtic music.

Dancers and singers will round out a program that runs the gamut of musical
feeling from toe-tapping jigs and reels such as "Miss Grace Hay's Delight" and
"Miss Oswald of Auchincruive's Favorite Reel" to slow airs such as "The
Highlander's Farewell."

Dancing in the aisles is not only permitted, it's encouraged. At some point,
conductor Alasdair Fraser always turns to the audience and exclaims in a thick
Scottish brogue, "Get up and fling yourself about in an ethnic manner!" By the
way, that's "Scottish," not "Scotch."

"Scotch is a drink," said Imogen. "'Scottish' or 'Scots' refers to people,
'Scotch' refers to inanimate objects."

Despite the name, the San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers group draws their members
from all over the Bay Area and beyond. One fiddler, Ann Mayo Muir, lives in
Port-Grimaud, France, a small town near St. Tropez, and flies to the Bay Area
every year for these concerts.

Fraser founded the Scottish Fiddlers in 1986 with just a dozen people. Today,
the group numbers more than 200. They range from preteens to octogenarians and
encompass skills from rank amateurs to seasoned professionals.

"I'm proud to say we've never held an audition," said Fraser. "Competition can
be fun, but I thought, 'Let's see if we can still strive for excellence without
deciding who's best.'"

While Fraser is the acknowledged leader, he's not a dictator. He's first among
equals -- a legacy of Scotland's egalitarian heritage.

"We pay attention to what (Fraser) says because of the tremendous respect we
have for him," said Pate Thomson of Berkeley, one of the original 12.

"He's our spiritual light," added Deborah McCaskey of Pinole. "It's not just his
immense talent and wonderful stage presence. It's the humor he projects that
makes it so much fun for us to follow him on what he calls a 'musical journey.'"

For many members, the Scottish Fiddlers are like a second family.

"We've watched the young people in the group, like Bonnie and Imogen, grow up
and perform on their own," said Thomson's wife, Judy.

In Imogen's case, that means a budding musical career. She'll spend the next
three years honing her skills at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama
in Glasgow.

The extended family includes the audience, too.

"We have regulars who have been coming to every concert for years, like the
Shamrock Man," said Judy Thomson. "We don't know his real name, but he shows up
every time wearing a bright green hat with shamrocks all over it."

The Friday concert at Holy Names starts at 8 p.m., and if history is any guide,
it will last until the wee hours of the morning.

"I've been doing these spring concerts for 21 years," said Pate Thomson, "and I
have never left a concert where the audience wasn't standing on its feet."

Reach Martin Snapp at 510-262-2768 or msnapp@cctimes.com .

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Scottish fiddlers from left are: Judy Thomson, Imogen Poropat, Imogen's
mother Cynthia Cowgill, and Pate Thomson, on Wednesday, April 18, 2007, in
Berkeley, Calif. The SF Scottish Fiddlers are performing at Holy Names College
April 27. (Joanna Jhanda/Contra Costa Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

MGMA to host Academy Fiddlers on Saturday

BYLINE: Eureka Times-Standard

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 120 words


Fiddle music at MGMA: The Academy Fiddlers will perform at the Morris Graves
Museum of Art, 636 F St. in Eureka, at 2 p.m. on Saturday. The group meets on
Saturdays to learn the fiddle music of North America, the British Isles and
sometimes Sweden or France. They often perform at the grange breakfast in
Bayside, and they have performed at the Arcata Farmers Market, Arts! Arcata, the
Humboldt County Fair in Ferndale, Fulkerson Recital Hall at Humboldt State
University, Redwood Acres Crafts Fair and now the Morris Graves. Regular
admission prices apply: $5 adults, $2 students/seniors, free for members and
people 17 and under. For more information contact Janine Murphy at 442-0278,
ext. 202, or janine@humboldtarts.org

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fiddle music at MGMA: The Academy Fiddlers will perform at the Morris
Graves Museum of Art, 636 F St. in Eureka, at 2 p.m. on Saturday. The group
meets on Saturdays to learn the fiddle music of North America, the British Isles
and sometimes Sweden or France. They often perform at the grange breakfast in
Bayside, and they have performed at the Arcata Farmers Market, Arts! Arcata, the
Humboldt County Fair in Ferndale, Fulkerson Recital Hall at Humboldt State
University, Redwood Acres Crafts Fair and now the Morris Graves. Regular
admission prices apply: 5 adults, 2 students/seniors, free for members and
people 17 and under. For more information contact Janine Murphy at 442-0278,
ext. 202, or janine@humboldtarts.org

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved

                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Ned Landry celebrated 95th birthday on Groundhog Day

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 1568 words


Carol and I dropped in to see Ned Landry perform his weekly half hour with
friends at Ridgewood's Veteran's Wing on Friday, Feb.19th. We had missed his
95th Birthday celebration on Feb. 2, Groundhog Day, but this event turned into a
special occasion, as well, with Gary Morris dropping in to sing a song and add
guitar to the instrumental mix. Ned played lead fiddle with the same flourish as
in his much younger days, Allison Inch added second fiddle as he has so often
with Ned, Camille Arsenault on lead guitar, Jim Chamberlain banjo, his wife
Audrey sang, Francis Gogan played steel guitar and Dominque Gauthier, piano.

Ned Landry, three times North American 'Canadian National' fiddle champion, is
the only Saint John born musician that has had an RCA recording contract. And to
have not one, but eight albums of original and traditional fiddle tunes issued
on their prestigious black label and later a dozen on their Camden label. The
composer of such famous fiddle tunes as "Ontario Swing," "Hillybilly Calypso,"
"Bowing The Strings," "Cajun Fiddling On The Bayou," "Selima," "Stompin' Tom
Connors," "Our Pet Suzette" and "Sabbath Day with Our Lord" that are still so
well known and played around the world.

Ned has been accorded many honours over the years: more than any other fiddler
in Canada - perhaps North America. He was, for instance, the first fiddler ever
to be televised: that was over an experimental hook-up during a 1939
International Sportsman's Show in New York City. Ned was made a Saint John
Honourary Loyalist in 1982, inducted into the NB Country Music Hall of Fame in
1983; received a Gold record for his fiddle composition, "The Prince Charles
Waltz" in 1983 (a copy was presented to the Prince by New Brunswick premier
Richard Hatfield); inducted into the North American Fiddlers Hall of Fame in New
York State in 1988; bestowed with an Order of Canada in 1992, played by Royal
Invitation for Prince Charles in Saint John in 1996; played on the Canada Day
Evening Concert on Parliament Hill in Ottawa aired over CBC-TV and Radio across
Canada; and was invested with an Honourary Doctorate by St. Thomas University in
2008. And the Canadian Grand Masters Fiddling Championships yearly award a
trophy named for him. But perhaps more thrilling than playing for Prince of
Wales was an invitation for him and his late wife Mildred to visit the Disney
theme park in Orlando, Florida and play for Mickey himself at his theatre in the
Magic Kingdom; and in the year 2013 through 2014 Ned's fiddle tunes and bowing
style was the subject of study at fiddle camps and events throughout New
England, particularly the State of Maine. He has also had four music books of
his original tunes published and distributed Canada wide.

Any music star of that magnitude should have celebrated his 95th birthday under
an avalanche of "well wishes" from across our fair domain. Instead there was no
print coverage or interview or tribute on local TV, radio or on CBC-TV ... least
not that I am aware. Instead, Tuesday morning - Groundhog Day, Feb. 2, 2016 -
there was, according to Francis Gogan who brought me the details, a small
private party with musicians who usually join Ned on Fridays at the Ridgewood.
On that occasion they were also joined by Ned's three daughters Carol, Rose and
Patsy, sons Fred and Donny.

Ned told me about being the first fiddler televised many years ago. The lights
in the booth had to be so bright and hot that he was warned, "if you see the
shellac on your fiddle begin to bubble get out quick." Ned did just that as soon
as he finished the three minute tune they were filming. "Just in time too", Ned
said, "I nearly roasted."

He and other members of the New Brunswick Lumberjacks - Don Messer was unable to
make the trip ... won the Major Bowes talent show 1939 finals and would have
gone to tour the British Isles, and "the continent" that fall with the U.S.
music promoter had Hitler not chosen to begin his conquest of Europe then.

Ned went to P.E.I. with the New Brunswick Lumberjacks who with the move became
Don Messer &; The Islanders on the CBC Radio Network heard across Canada. Ned,
however, after a few months moved back to Saint John and with local musicians
and singers formed a band that became the Maritime Farmers, a farm paper printed
in Sussex becoming their sponsor on radio.'

As it happened Ned saw 31?2 years of army service during the Second World War,
hence his residency in the Veteran's Wing at Ridgewood for the past decade
nearly.

Then in the late 1940s came his signing with RCA and, in addition to the album
releases on the new 331?3 rpm LP format, there were a multitude of 78 rpm and
then 45 rpm single releases.

And then was the presumption that, when his 20-year RCA contract wasn't renewed,
he had died. So when I met Gordon Stobbe and his wife Marlene at an Atlantic
Folk Festival main stage a decade later Gordon said: "Saint John ... man, would
I have loved to have made it there when Ned Landry was still alive." It was too
good an opening to miss. "Oh, is Ned dead?" I asked, tongue in cheek. "It must
have been sudden. He was in to have coffee ... well, actually he had tea ... a
couple of times last week."

The astonishment on Gordon's face was amazing but soon replaced by one of
excitement. It was like the line of that traditional country blues songs
"Foolish Questions." A man who is asked by a friend why he is all dressed up,
replies "I've been to Ned's funeral." No kidding those are the words
(appropriate, eh?) The friend replies "Oh, is Ned dead? And the other tells him,
"Well, no. He just thought he'd have the funeral, then die later."

So then, Gordon getting an ATV nod a year later to do a weekly half hour "Up
Home Tonight" telecast added two more trips to our yearly itinerary. We had, by
that time, flown to Nashille with Art Marr in 1975, to attend a week of Grand
Ole Opry 50th Anniversary celebrations. After that I'd driven Ned to Ontario
festivals near Ottawa and Cornwall, club dates in Montreal, Fredericton, Moncton
and other places. And there were adventures along the road: like getting stopped
by a pert female RCMP officer near Truro one morning when we were a little late
for an ATV taping and Ned told her who he was and offered her a new LP he'd just
recorded. I could just in my mind's eye see a cell door clanking shut on us for
bribery. But it worked out great, she had just been going to issue us a warning.

Queenstown Square, Dance Friday, March 4

There is a monthly Square Dance at the Orange Hall in Queenstown on Friday,
March 4, 8 p.m to 11 p.m. Music for both round and square dancing will be played
by a trio of New Brunswick's most popular musicians Margarie Howe, Reg Gallant
and Allison Inch. Everyone welcome.

Matt Hayes &; Russell Sawler Band at Norton, March 5

Local fiddling sensation Matt Hayes will perform with the Russell Sawyer Band in
a bluegrass concert, Mar. 5 at 7 p.m. at the Norton Catholic Hall. The band
features friends of Matt's from the Moncton area who are among the best
bluegrass musicians and singers in this province. They are Richard Bourque on
mandolin; Russell Sawyer on banjo, Bryan Poirier on bass, Michael Allain on
guitar, Matt Hayes on fiddle. Michael Richard, Russell and Bryan also sing.
Tickets are $12 at door. Doors open at 6 p.m. This will be a very wonderfully
entertaining event.

Hampton Fiddle Doo &; Potluck March 5

A Maritime Fiddling Association event hosted by Kim and George Boone takes place
Mar. 5 at the Hampton Resource Centre, DeMille Ct., Hampton. The fiddling starts
at 2 p.m., with a Potluck at 5 p.m., ending at 6 p.m. You are invited to come,
join in or just sit and listen. Admission is a donation at the door. There is a
50-50 draw. Bring a supper dish if staying for the potluck, and enjoy a great
afternoon with friends.

Fair Vale Outing 2nd Country Hoedown, March 6

Because of the sell-out audience at their debut, Steve Lyons and Bob Burgess
have teamed up to present a second Country Music Hoedown at the Fairvale Outing
Association on the River Road (off the Gondola Point Road), Rothesay, March 6, 2
to 5 p.m. The band includes Steve Lyons, Bob Burgess, Crystal Jones, Scott
Medford and Michael Hanlon. Special guests include Steve Sears, Haley McMillan,
Carol Perry and local eight year old rocker Zaida Rose Norman and her
grandmother, country singer Claudette Norman, the "I've Been Everywhere Girl."
The Hoedown features special mic segments when someone in the audience can sing
or play an instrument. Tickets are $10 each, available only at the door.

O'Malley's Irish Pub Performers

Drop in this weekend for some great music at O'Malley's, 621 Rothesay Ave.,
Saint John: Mar.4, Austin Eatman and Mar. 5, Scott Mullin.

Keith Facey at Pub Down Under March 3

Saint John based folksinger Keith Facey is presenting a Countdown to St.
Patrick's Day tonight, March 3, 7 to 10 p.m. at the Pub Down Under, Under Place
100, Saint John. Keith has a wide repertoire of Irish folk songs from
traditional to new to a few of his own originals.

Taco Pica Saturday

John Martin, a Celtic music performer who sings Irish, Scottish, Maritime and
American folk music will be at Taco Pica Restaurant, Germain St., Saint John
this Saturday, March 5, from 7 to 9 p.m. For more info call John Martin,
343-7681 or his business phone-635-2422

Gerry Taylor cgtaylor@nbnet.nb.ca Folk and country music columnist !@COPYRIGHT=©
2016 Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             July 26, 2014 Saturday

Taiko drummers to bluegrass pickers to Egyptian dancers, Lowell Folk Fest has it
all

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 775 words


Saturday

Boarding House Park

Noon Conjunto Guantanamo (Afro-Cuban)

1 p.m. Grand Master Seiichi Tanaka & the San Francisco Taiko Dojo (Japanese
taiko drumming)

2 p.m. Seán Keane Band featuring Kevin Doyle (Irish music & dance)

3 p.m. Nikki "D" & the Browns (Sacred Steel guitar: African American gospel)

4 p.m. Joe Mullins & the Radio Ramblers (bluegrass)

5 p.m. Hassan Hakmoun (Moroccan Gnawa)

7:10 p.m. Parade, Boston Banda de Paz

7:30 p.m. Marquise Knox (blues)

8:30 p.m. Sonny Burgess & the Legendary Pacers (rockabilly)

9:30 p.m. Samba Mapangala & Orchestre Virunga (East African rumba)

JFK Plaza

Noon Pine Leaf Boys (Cajun)

1:15 p.m. Nikki "D" & the Browns (Sacred Steel guitar: African American gospel)

2:15 p.m. Samba Mapangala & Orchestre Virunga (East African rumba)

3:30 p.m. Bud Hundenski & the Corsairs (polka)

4:45 p.m. Conjunto Guantanamo (Afro-Cuban)

6:05 p.m. Grand Master Seiichi Tanaka & the San Francisco Taiko Dojo (Japanese
taiko drumming)

Market Street

Noon Dance Workshop (Kevin Doyle, Thomas Maupin, Kory Posey, Hassan Hakmoun and
Said Dumir, Yasser Darwish)

1:15 p.m. Fiddle Workshop (James Kelly, Evan McGregor from Joe Mullins & the
Radio Ramblers, Chris Gray from Overall Creek, Daniel Boucher, Evan
Karapanagiotides from Seizmos)

2:30 p.m. New England Franco Fiddle Traditions: Patrick Ross & Daniel Boucher
(New England French fiddle styles)

3:30 p.m. Bachata Legends: Trio Amargue with Edilio Paredes & Andre Veloz
(Dominican bachata)

4:30 p.m. Seán Keane Band featuring Kevin Doyle (Irish music & dance)

5:45 p.m. Joe Mullins & the Radio Ramblers (bluegrass)

St. Anne's Churchyard

Noon Seizmos (Greek)

1 p.m. Bachata Legends: Trio Amargue with Edilio Paredes & Andre Veloz
(Dominican bachata)

2 p.m. Egyptian Celebration (Egyptian dance)

3 p.m. James Kelly & Donna Long (Irish fiddle & piano)

4 p.m. Music of the Eastern Mediterranean (Maurice Chedid, Boujemaa Razgui, and
Naoum Chehade from Egyptian Celebration; Evan Karapanagiotides, George

Carafides, and Tassos Daskalopoulos from Seizmos)

5:15 p.m. Thomas Maupin, Daniel Rothwell & Overall Creek with Kory Posey
(Appalachian buck dance & old-time music)

Dutton St. Dance Pavilion

12:15 p.m. Bud Hundenski & the Corsairs (polka)

1:30 p.m. Marquise Knox (blues)

2:45 p.m. Hassan Hakmoun (Moroccan Gnawa)

4:15 p.m. E.U. featuring Sugar Bear (go-go)

5:30 p.m. Sonny Burgess & the Legendary Pacers (rockabilly)

7:30 p.m. Pine Leaf Boys (Cajun)

9 p.m. E.U. featuring Sugar Bear (go-go)

Street (John & Merrimack)

1:30 p.m. A Different Spin (circus & fire arts)

3:30 p.m. A Different Spin (circus & fire arts)

Sunday

Boarding House Park

Noon Nikki "D" & the Browns (Sacred Steel guitar: African American gospel)

1 p.m. James Kelly & Donna Long (Irish fiddle & piano)

2 p.m. Grand Master Seiichi Tanaka & the San Francisco Taiko Dojo (Japanese
taiko drumming)

3:15 p.m. Bachata Legends: Trio Amargue with Edilio Paredes & Andre Veloz
(Dominican bachata)

4:15 p.m. Pine Leaf Boys (Cajun)

5:15 p.m. Marquise Knox (blues)

JFK Plaza

Noon Thomas Maupin, Daniel Rothwell & Overall Creek with Kory Posey (Appalachian
buck dance & old-time music)

1 p.m. Seizmos (Greek)

2 p.m. New England Franco Fiddle Traditions: Patrick Ross & Daniel Boucher (New
England French fiddle styles)

3 p.m. Conjunto Guantanamo (Afro-Cuban)

4 p.m. Joe Mullins & the Radio Ramblers (bluegrass)

5:15 p.m. Bud Hundenski & the Corsairs (polka)

Market Street

Noon Global Voices: The Power of Song (Joe Mullins & the Radio Ramblers, Seán
Keane, Hassan Hakmoun, Pepito Gomez & Ulises Beato from Conjunto Guantanamo,
Samba Mapangala)

1:15 p.m. Egyptian Celebration (Egyptian dance)

2:15 p.m. Seán Keane Band featuring Kevin Doyle (Irish music & dance)

3:15 p.m. Seizmos (Greek)

4:15 p.m. New England Franco Fiddle Traditions: Patrick Ross & Daniel Boucher
(New England French fiddle styles)

St. Anne's Churchyard

12:15 p.m. Franco American Reunion: Music in French New England and Cajun
Louisiana (Pine Leaf Boys, Daniel Boucher, Patrick Ross, Jean Theroux)

1:30 p.m. Guitar Masters (Nikki "D" Brown, Marquise Knox, Edilio Paredes & Andre
Veloz, Sonny Burgess)

2:45 p.m. Thomas Maupin, Daniel Rothwell & Overall Creek with Kory Posey
(Appalachian buck dance & old-time music)

3:45 p.m. Egyptian Celebration (Egyptian dance)

4:45 p.m. James Kelly & Donna Long (Irish fiddle & piano)

Dutton St. Dance Pavilion

12:30 p.m. Bud Hundenski & the Corsairs (polka)

1:45 p.m. Samba Mapangala & Orchestre Virunga (East African rumba)

3:15 p.m. E.U. featuring Sugar Bear (go-go)

4:15 p.m. Sonny Burgess & the Legendary Pacers (rockabilly)

5:15 p.m. Conjunto Guantanamo (Afro-Cuban)

Street (John & Merrimack)

1:30 p.m. A Different Spin (circus & fire arts)

3:30 p.m. A Different Spin (circus & fire arts)

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           August 16, 2012, Thursday

Appalachian String Band Festival winners announced

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5D

LENGTH: 412 words


The 23rd annual Appalachian String Band Music Festival was held at Camp
Washington-Carver in Clifftop on Aug. 1-5. Winners of its contests were:

-Banjo: first: Mac Traynham, Willis, Va.; second: Mike Kropp, Wyoming, R.I.;
third: Joseph DeCosimo, Jonesborough, Tenn.; fourth: Luke Richardson,
Lawrenceburg, Tenn.; fifth: Lynn "Chirps" Smith, Whitewater, Wis.

-Youth banjo (ages 15 and under): first: Victor Furtado, Front Royal, Va.;
second: Lulu Furtado, Front Royal, Va.; third: John Vance Jr., Chapel Hill, N.C.

-Senior banjo (ages 60 and up): first: Mike Kropp, Wyoming, R.I.; second: Carl
Baron, Ambler, Pa.; third: Bertram Levy, Port Townsend, Wash.

-Fiddle: first: Emily Schaad, Poughkeepsie, N.Y.; second: Stephanie Coleman,
Brooklyn, N.Y.; third: Jake Krack, Marlinton; fourth: Grace Forrest, Big Sur,
Calif.; fifth: John Engle, Asheville, N.C.

-Youth fiddle: first: Nina DeVitry, Columbia, Pa.; second: Andrew Vogts, Chadds
Ford, Pa.; third: Kitty Amaral, Elk Creek, Va.

--enior fiddle: first: Paul Brown, Winston-Salem, N.C.; second: Henry T.
Fiddler, Arvada, Colo.; third: Jim Childress, Free Union, Va.

-Neo-traditional band: first: Drunken Catfish Ramblers, Fayetteville, Ark.;
second: Critton Hallow, Paw Paw; third: The Olds 78s and the Retro Ramblers,
Kingston, Ark.; fourth: Westbound Rangers, Nashville, Tenn.; fifth: Jubal's Kin,
Longwood, Fla.

-Youth neo-traditional band: Davy Jones' Evidence Locker, Elkins.

-Traditional band: first: The Bucking Mules, Jonesborough, Tenn.; second:
Nervous Tick and the Bites, Galax, Va.; third: The Cork Burners, Eunice, La.;
fourth: White Mule, Bloomington, Ind.; fifth: Sweet T and the Twisted Lemons,
Vinton, Va.

-Youth traditional band: Lyin' Lizzy and the Psycho Exploding Orangutans, Front
Royal, Va.

-Best Original Song: Rangers, Nashville, Tenn.

-Best Original Tune: Jubal's Kin, Longwood, Fla.

-Youth old-time flatfoot dance: first: Rebecca Molaro, Asheville, N.C.; second:
Jeffrey Amundsen, Longwood, Fla.; third: Mattie Amundsen, Longwood, Fla.

-Old-time flatfoot dance (age 16-40): first: Sarah Josephine Stewart,
Charlottesville, Va.; second: Clay Sutton, Marshall, N.C.; third: Elizabeth
Laprell, Rural Retreat, Va.

-Old-time flatfoot dance (age 41-59): first: Jay Bland, Kennesaw, Ga.; second:
Gordon Hinners, Weaverville, N.C.; third: Abby Laiden, Bloomington, Ind.

-Senior old-time flatfoot dance: first: Rodney Sutton, Marshall, N.C.; second:
Marilyn Branch, Kalamazoo, Mich.; third: Maureen Busch-Terman, Morgantown.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers

                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Sherbrooke Record (Quebec)

                              June 26, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Louis Schryer Returns

BYLINE: The Record

SECTION: TALK OF THE TOWNSHIPS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 302  words


Orleans Essex VNA & Hospice, Inc. is excited to announce the best of Canadian
Master Fiddler joining the best of New England Master Fiddler for a benefit
concert. Louis Schryer will be returning to perform at the Magic of Master
Fiddlers VII! This year's concert will be held on Saturday, June 27 at 7:00 p.m.
at the North Country Union High School Auditorium. Mr. Schryer will be joined by
another audience favorite, Scott Campbell of Barre, Vermont. These two Master
Fiddlers offer a unique experience with a blend of Canadian and American styles
that is sure to ensure hand clapping and foot tapping.

Louis Schryer was born and raised in Sault Ste. Marie and now resides in
Chapeau, Quebec. He has been playing the fiddle since the age of eight,
receiving training in both classical and traditional music. Louis is an
eight-time Canadian Open Fiddle Champion, consecutive four-time Canadian Grand
Master Fiddle Champion and four-time winner of the famous Pembroke Competition.
He recorded his first album as a member of the Schryer Triplets at the tender
age of fourteen.

Joining their father are Kaitlyn and Chelsey, known as The Schryer Dancers.
These young women are talented musicians and dancers who delight audiences
everywhere with their fancy footwork.

This year Scott Campbell will join the Schryer Band for his performance. Scott
and Louis will also join forces for a few numbers which is sure to dazzle
everyone.

The Magic of Master Fiddlers VII is a fund raiser for the Hospice program of
Orleans Essex VNA & Hospice, Inc. Sponsors include Chittenden bank, Christine
and Raymond Pronto, Jim and Mary Ann Mulkin, Jonathan Mills, Curtis
Britch-Converse Rushford Funeral Services, Columbia Forest Products, and the
Rotary Club of Newport. Tickets are available by calling 802-334-5213. Reserve
yours today!

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: courtesy; Louis Schryer ;
Photo: courtesy; Scott Campbell ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Sherbrooke Record
                              All Rights Reserved

                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             October 7, 2007 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Pop

SECTION: Section 2; Column 0; Arts and Leisure Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 337 words


Pop

Jon Pareles

What is American music? Among other things, it's a skein of immigrant
traditions: freshly arrived, preserved away from home or transformed through
generations on American soil. On Saturday, the WORLD MUSIC INSTITUTE starts a
season-long, 14-concert series of musicians who have won National Heritage
Fellowships, America's highest award in traditional arts. Some of the concerts
categorize musicians by region (Appalachian music on Oct. 27 featuring Ralph
Stanley, Cajun music on March 8 with the Savoy-Doucet Band), others by style
(gospel on Jan. 25 with the Dixie Hummingbirds, blues on March 15 with Koko
Taylor).

The first concert on Oct. 13 revolves around an instrument: the fiddle, as
played by fellowship winners from Palestine to Texas. It includes Celtic-rooted
styles with mellifluous Irish fiddle by KEVIN BURKE and Scottish-rooted Cape
Breton fiddling from JOSEPH CORMIER. The Palestinian violinist SIMON SHAHEEN
brings the modal improvisation of Arabic classical music, and PAUL DAHLIN holds
on to old Swedish fiddle music that's disappearing from its homeland. And then
there's the Texan: JOHNNY GIMBLE, whose gliding, swiveling, jazzy lines on
five-string fiddle helped define Western swing since he was with Bob Wills and
the Texas Playboys in the 1940s. The fiddlers are bound to be watching one
another's technique and picking up more ideas about American music. 8 p.m.,
Symphony Space, 2537 Broadway, at 95th Street, (212) 864-5400 or (212) 545-7536;
$32, $27 for members.

Latin music is American music, too -- particularly with a New York City band
like YERBA BUENA, sharing a bill with the Cuban hip-hop group ORISHAS on Monday.
Led by a Venezuelan, ANDRES LEVIN, and including musicians from across Latin
America, Yerba Buena mingles salsa, reggae, funk and hip-hop in songs that find
a sensual advantage in multiculturalism. As a song from the band says, ''Two
tongues are better than one.'' Monday at 9 p.m., Nokia Theater, 1515 Broadway,
at 44th Street, (212) 930-1950; $40.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company

                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                West County Weekly

                     November 21, 2003 Friday FINAL EDITION

FIREFIGHTER FINDS FIDDLING FUN

BYLINE: ALAN LOPEZ, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. X08

LENGTH: 477 words


ALBANY - At work at the Albany Fire Department, Bill Dennehy fights fires,
provides medical support and takes calls regarding cats stuck in trees.

In his spare time, he travels around the world on a bike, reads a lot and plays
Irish fiddle - really, really well.

Dennehy, an El Cerrito resident, grew up in Oakland hearing his father play
accordion but as a kid wasn't very fond of it. He discovered the fiddle as a
teen-ager.

"I liked the sound of it," said Dennehy, a brawny 42-year-old, with a mustache,
a quick smile and close-cropped hair. "So I asked my dad for one and I saw
someone on television playing one and I thought 'That looks interesting.'"

During his teen years, there were few things he wanted to do other than play the
fiddle.

"My focus for many years was to play 10 hours a day, that's all really wanted to
do" Dennehy added. "It was an obsession, you might say."

His love of the instrument and Irish music led him to collaborate on a CD with
renowned local bagpipe player Todd Denman in the mid-1990s. The album is a mix
of traditional Irish music and songs by Denman, with additional guest musicians.

"It was pure torture and fun at the same time," said Dennehy with characteristic
humor. The album, "Like Magic," is listed for sale on the Celtic Web site
www.aniar.com, though the site says the album is out of stock temporarily. For
people who want the album: "Call me," Dennehy said.

Dennehy's wife, Mary Ellen Morrin, said her husband's fiddle-playing also led to
their marriage. Dennehy spotted her leaving a movie theater and recognized her
from when she played flute in public.

Dennehy asked her if she wanted to play music with him, and they did so the very
next day.

Morrin recalled how her husband co-founded the Irish Fiddle Club in the Bay Area
in 1987, giving lessons to people, having musical get-togethers and putting out
a club newsletter.

"He was totally driven to play Irish fiddle and any opportunity he could (play)
he took it," she said.

In the non-musical interludes, Dennehy earned a journalism degree from San
Francisco State University in 1985.

He decided he wanted to be a firefighter after learning about an opening through
a friend in the Oakland Fire Department. Dennehy joined the Albany Fire
Department in 1991. He's an engineer and paramedic.

Albany Fire Captain John Weitzel says Dennehy is a a "worldly" guy who loves to
travel and is one of the department's better cooks.

Indeed, Dennehy has traveled extensively. In one of his trips, he biked through
Croatia, and performed there in the spring of 2002. He likes to meet people
throughout the world because he finds them endlessly fascinating and likes to
keep his mind working, he says.

"In general, he's really driven," said Morrin. "When he wants to do something
he'll pursue it with great interest and feeling."

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo. Accomplished Irish fiddler Bill Dennehy is also an Albany
fireman. (Herman Bustamante Jr., Staff).

                       Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 24, 2007 Monday

Reading Eagle, Pa., Ron Devlin column: Young musicians help breathe new life
into fiddle fest

BYLINE: Ron Devlin, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 566 words


Sep. 24--I'VE GOT A CONFESSION TO MAKE. When it comes to the Lyons Fiddle
Festival, I'm biased. I've attended many, if not most, of the 24 previous yearly
gatherings of fiddlers and other country musicians in Lyons Community Park. The
sound of fiddle, guitar and mandolin dancing across a vista of cornfields stirs
one's red-white-and-blue blood.

To me, one word best describes the venerable music festival: pure.

Nobody gets paid, everybody who wants to participates, and it continues a
tradition begun by Scotch and Irish immigrants in the mountains of Appalachia.

Not too many places you can get all that for a $1 donation.

I shudder, though, to think the festival was almost lost.

Last year, for reasons that are still not entirely clear to most of us, the
festival was canceled at the last minute.

Thankfully, two Sundays ago, the fiddle fest returned -- with a bang.

An army of lawn-chair-toting lovers of down-home music, more than 3,000
according to the organizers, showed up for the reincarnation.

"It was an amazing turnout," said Keith Brintzenhoff, the emcee. "I was
absolutely astounded."

Suzanne Reed, president of the Lyons Fiddle Fest Committee, said the crowd ate
up the music and devoured every bit of food in sight, including a 150-pound
roasted pig.

"Next year," said Reed, a Lyons borough councilwoman, "we're going to roast two
pigs."

How's that for optimism.

There's more good news.

As the festival heads for its 25th anniversary, a new crop of younger fiddlers
is springing up in the wilds of Berks County.

Twenty-four fiddlers, a record number, competed in the festival's fiddle
contest. So many of them were preteens, organizers had to create a new under-13
category.

"We lost a lot of our old players, but we're getting more younger players every
year," said Brintzenhoff, who plays everything from fiddle to mountain dulcimer.
"That's the most important thing to me, that we preserve the music for future
generations."

To me, the heart of the festival lies in the tiny groups of musicians who gather
on the rim of the park and play ballads and anthems that delineate the American
character.

No, they're not Julliardtrained musicians stroking Stradivari.

They're ordinary folk, wearing blue jeans and plaid shirts and John Deere caps.
True, their music is a little rough around the edges.

But the music's power, I believe, lies in its imperfection.

It's the kind of stuff granddaddy played on the front porch in a bygone era --
unadorned, rough around the edges and full of heart.

As the sun sank into the western sky at the recent festival, a crowd gathered
around group of gray-bearded men playing standards like "Old Joe Clark," the
ballad of a preacher's wayward son.

When the musicians played the spiritual anthem, "How Great Thou Art," the crowd
broke out in spontaneous song

It mattered not if the hymn were Catholic, Protestant or whatever. For a brief
moment, in troubled times, strangers sang together in an expression of unity.

Long live the music of the people and the Lyons Fiddle Festival.

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070924-RE-Reading-Eagle-Pa-Ron-Devlin-column-0924

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2007 Reading Eagle

                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 13, 2007, Wednesday

Top Vandalia Gathering musicians win awards

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P6

LENGTH: 456 words


Champion fiddle, bluegrass banjo and mandolin players during the 31st annual
Vandalia Gathering in Charleston were:

Youth Fiddle (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) - Ray Cossin, Mt. Alto

2nd place ($50) - Jerrica Hilbert, St. Albans

3rd place ($25) - Arianna Macy, Charleston

Fiddle (under age 60)

1st place ($400) - Chance McCoy, Martinsburg

2nd place ($250) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

3rd place ($150) - Zack Fanok, Morgantown

4th place ($75) - Ray Cossin, Mt. Alto

5th place ($50) - Jerrica Hilbert, St. Albans

Senior Fiddle (age 60 and over)

1st place ($400) - Lester McCumbers, Nicut

2nd place ($250) - Gerry Milnes, Elkins

3rd place ($150) - Boyd Phillips, Elkins

4th place ($75) - Don Jones, Scott Depot

5th place ($50) - Elmer Rich, Morgantown

Mandolin (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Chris Davis, Ona

2nd place ($250) - Steve Acord, Fairdale

3rd place ($150) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

4th place ($75) - Robin Kessinger, St. Albans

5th place ($50) - John Putnam, Looneyville

Bluegrass Banjo (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Brandon Green, Sophia

2nd place ($250) - Ben Harrington, Artie

3rd place ($150) - Doug Cossin, Mt. Alto

4th place ($75) - Andrew Kidd, Hurricane

5th place ($50) - Zack Life, Murraysville

Old-Time Banjo (under age 60)

1st place ($400) - Bob Shank, Bruceton Mills

2nd place ($250) - Bob Smakula, Elkins

3rd place ($150) - David O'Dell, West Logan

4th place ($75) - Ben Townsend, Romney

5th place ($50) - Jim Mullins, St. Albans

Senior Old-Time Banjo (age 60 and over)

1st place ($400) - Gerry Milnes, Elkins

2nd place ($250) - Ben Carr, Wilsie

3rd place ($150) - Bernard Cyrus, Fort Gay

4th place ($75) - Ted Samples, Harrisville

5th place ($50) - Charlie Loudermilk, Frankford

Youth Lap Dulcimer (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) - Katie Stricker, South Charleston

2nd place ($50) - Shalor Gore, Charleston

3rd place ($25) - Jackson Davis, Tornado

Lap Dulcimer (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Robin Kessinger, St. Albans

2nd place ($250) - Dave Haas, Cross Lanes

3rd place ($150) - Heidi Mueller, Charleston

4th place ($75) - Tish Westman, Mabscott

5th place ($50) - Tim Gillenwater, Griffithsville

Youth Flat Pick Guitar (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) - Jacob Ryder, Marlinton

2nd place ($50) - Doug Cossin, Mt. Alto

3rd place ($25) - Levi Lipps, Bomont

Flat Pick Guitar (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Matt Lindsey, Dunbar

2nd place ($250) - Adam Hager, Kenna

3rd place ($150) - Brandon Bentley, Sumerco

4th place ($75) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

5th place ($50) - Tim Gillenwater, Griffithsville

The annual Vandalia Gathering is a celebration of the traditional arts, music,
dance, stories, crafts and foods of West Virginia. The Cultural Center and State
Capitol Complex grounds play host to this expanding, family-style gathering each
year on Memorial Day weekend.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers

                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 6, 2007, Wednesday

Top Vandalia musicians win awards

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P4

LENGTH: 411 words


Champion fiddle, bluegrass banjo and mandolin players during the 31st annual
Vandalia Gathering in Charleston were:

Youth Fiddle (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) - Ray Cossin, Mt. Alto

2nd place ($50) - Jerrica Hilbert, St. Albans

3rd place ($25) - Arianna Macy, Charleston

Fiddle (under age 60)

1st place ($400) - Chance McCoy, Martinsburg

2nd place ($250) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

3rd place ($150) - Zack Fanok, Morgantown

4th place ($75) - Ray Cossin, Mt. Alto

5th place ($50) - Jerrica Hilbert, St. Albans

Senior Fiddle (age 60 and over)

1st place ($400) - Lester McCumbers, Nicut

2nd place ($250) - Gerry Milnes, Elkins

3rd place ($150) - Boyd Phillips, Elkins

4th place ($75) - Don Jones, Scott Depot

5th place ($50) - Elmer Rich, Morgantown

Mandolin (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Chris Davis, Ona

2nd place ($250) - Steve Acord, Fairdale

3rd place ($150) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

4th place ($75) - Robin Kessinger, St. Albans

5th place ($50) - John Putnam, Looneyville

Bluegrass Banjo (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Brandon Green, Sophia

2nd place ($250) - Ben Harrington, Artie

3rd place ($150) - Doug Cossin, Mt. Alto

4th place ($75) - Andrew Kidd, Hurricane

5th place ($50) - Zack Life, Murraysville

Old-Time Banjo (under age 60)

1st place ($400) - Bob Shank, Bruceton Mills

2nd place ($250) - Bob Smakula, Elkins

3rd place ($150) - David O'Dell, West Logan

4th place ($75) - Ben Townsend, Romney

5th place ($50) - Jim Mullins, St. Albans

Senior Old-Time Banjo (age 60 and over)

1st place ($400) - Gerry Milnes, Elkins

2nd place ($250) - Ben Carr, Wilsie

3rd place ($150) - Bernard Cyrus, Fort Gay

4th place ($75) - Ted Samples, Harrisville

5th place ($50) - Charlie Loudermilk, Frankford

Youth Lap Dulcimer (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) - Katie Stricker, South Charleston

2nd place ($50) - Shalor Gore, Charleston

3rd place ($25) - Jackson Davis, Tornado

Lap Dulcimer (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Robin Kessinger, St. Albans

2nd place ($250) - Dave Haas, Cross Lanes

3rd place ($150) - Heidi Mueller, Charleston

4th place ($75) - Tish Westman, Mabscott

5th place ($50) - Tim Gillenwater, Griffithsville

Youth Flat Pick Guitar (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) - Jacob Ryder, Marlinton

2nd place ($50) - Doug Cossin, Mt. Alto

3rd place ($25) - Levi Lipps, Bomont

Flat Pick Guitar (all ages)

1st place ($400) - Matt Lindsey, Dunbar

2nd place ($250) - Adam Hager, Kenna

3rd place ($150) - Brandon Bentley, Sumerco

4th place ($75) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

5th place ($50) - Tim Gillenwater, Griffithsville

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers

                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                           October 17, 2013 Thursday

Breakfast in Bayside features fiddlers

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 418 words


BAYSIDE -- The Bayside Grange invites the community to the quarterly Breakfast
in Bayside, Sunday from 8 a.m. to noon at the Bayside Grange, 2297 Jacoby Creek
Road (at the intersection of Jacoby Creek and Old Arcata Road).

The live (and lively) entertainment will be provided by Mon Petit Chou. The
quartet plays traditional and modern French Canadian fiddle tunes and is
comprised of Humboldt County musicians who have been playing a variety of music
types for many years.

Sue Moon, well-known Southern Humboldt caller, plays fiddle and button
accordion. Liz Finney, recovering classical violinist, entertains on the fiddle.
Stephen Brown holds down and livens the beat on guitar, while Susan Anderson
joins in on fiddle, flutes and button accordion.

The infectious music of French Eastern Canada, which is characterized by
sprightly tunes and sometimes erratic rhythms, is composed of a mixture of the
many cultural backgrounds in Quebec, New Brunswick and northern Maine.

Music will take place from 9 to 11 a.m., although, as always, the group may
continue longer depending on the effects of the strong coffee, tasty meal and
adoring crowds.

Humboldt County Master Preserver volunteers will staff a table offering
information and answering questions on fun, tasty and safe home food
preservation and the utilization of local produce.

The gourmet breakfast features sourdough, multigrain pancakes, chicken apple
sausage, scrambled eggs, scrambled tofu and tofu sausages from The Tofu Shop,
yogurt, organic fruit of the season, Sacred Grounds organic coffee, teas, milk,
orange juice, hot chocolate and Mad River Farm jams. Sides of sauteed organic
vegetables will also be available.

Tickets are $8 for a full portion and $5 smaller portions for kids ages 2 to 12
and seniors ages 65 to 80 (those under 2 and over 80 eat for free). Join the
Bayside Breakfast Club and receive six breakfasts for the price of five. Diners
who walk or ride a bicycle to the breakfast will be rewarded with a free serving
of real maple syrup.

Breakfasts in Bayside are community mixers that also help generate funds for the
ongoing maintenance of the historic Bayside Grange Hall, a favorite venue for
local nonprofit fundraisers, dances, workshops and wedding receptions. For
information about the breakfast or to rent the hall, call 822-9998 or
seewww.baysidegrange.org .

For more information on the Master Food Preserver program, call Deborah Giraud
at the University of California Cooperative Extension, Humboldt County, at
445-7351.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved

                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 16, 1989, Thursday, Final Edition

'Masters of the Folk Violin'

BYLINE: Geoffrey Himes

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE D4; PERFORMING ARTS

LENGTH: 315 words



A fiddle and a violin may be the same instrument, but a fiddler and a violinist
are two very different animals. A folk fiddler seeks out the very improvisatory
looseness, syncopated dance rhythms and scraping, sawing sound that classical
violinists are so anxious to avoid. The show at Georgetown University's Gaston
Hall Sunday night may have been labeled "Masters of the Folk Violin," but the
business at hand was fiddling around.

Six of America's finest fiddlers provided a wide-ranging sampler of the
wonderful things that can be done with a horsehair bow and four catgut strings.
Louisiana's Michael Doucet (backed on guitar by his brother David) played the
push-you-pull-you rhythms of Cajun music with contagious zeal. Kentucky's Kenny
Baker played bluegrass fiddle as if he had invented the style -- which in fact
he had.

The intricate embellishments of Celtic fiddle were demonstrated by two
Massachusetts men (both backed by pianist Barbara MacDonald Magone); Seamus
Connolly represented his native Ireland; and Joe Cormier represented the
Scottish-influenced Cape Breton style. Howard Armstrong, who had just turned 80,
plucked his fiddle like a blues guitar and made it swing like a jazz clarinet.
And it somehow seemed unfair that Alison Krauss was not only a country fiddle
virtuoso and a knock-out singer, but good-looking and 17 to boot.

Two more fiddlers -- Maine's Jon Cooper (whose handmade fiddles were on display
in the lobby) and Edinburgh's Aly Bain (who was in town with the Boys of the
Lough) -- made unexpected guest appearances. Josh Graves, the father of the
dobro revival, and young guitarist John Stewart backed up Doucet, Baker,
Armstrong and Krauss. Doucet, Armstrong and Krauss sang as impressively as they
played, and for the final encore, there were seven fiddlers (and four other
musicians) on stage, all sawing away with grand abandon.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post

                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             April 17, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

AUDREY M.P. COOKE, HELPED RUN GETZVILLE NURSERY;
AUG. 17, 1922 -- APRIL 15, 2002

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 316 words


Audrey M. P. Cooke, known as "the flower lady" at the family-owned Cooke's
Nursery, died Friday in the Center for Hospice & Palliative Care, Cheektowaga,
after a brief illness. She was 82.

Born Audrey Pearson in Buffalo, she graduated from Kenmore High School and
worked for the Columbus McKinnon Co. before and during World War II.

After the war, she and her husband, Melvin K., bought 12 acres on Millersport
Highway in what was then wilderness in Getzville and built a house.

For two decades, they grew flowers and vegetable plants that they sold at
Cooke's Nursery.

She also worked as a bookkeeper for her husband's drywall application and
finishing company and later at Forbes Homes.

Mrs. Cooke helped found several organizations in Amherst during the 1950s
including the Swormsville Home Bureau and Dodge Elementary School Parent-Teacher
Organization.

She also was a member of the Western New York Fiddle Association, Niagara
Frontier Fiddle Club -- which named her outstanding member of the year in 2000
-- and St. Catharines Fiddle Club. She enjoyed entertaining audiences with the
"Kohler one-holer," a toilet-seat banjo, that her husband made.

She also had done volunteer work at Buffalo City Mission and its Cornerstone
Manor. And she was a member of Bethel Baptist Church since 1966. In the past few
years, she had enjoyed activities of the church's seniors group, the Golden
Dodgers.

Her husband of 55 years died in 1997.

Survivors include three sons, Brian and Douglas, both of Amherst; and Robert of
Crawford, Ga.; three daughters, Laura Hinton of San Diego, Calif.; Elizabeth
Aland of Athens, Ga., and Janice Feigenbaum of Amherst; a brother, Robert J.
Pearson of Town of Tonawanda; 13 grandchildren; and four great-grandchildren.

Services will be held at 9:30 a.m. Monday in Bethel Baptist Church, 995 Dodge
Road, Getzville. Burial will be in Acacia Park Cemetery, Pendleton.

-- Barbara O'Brien

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OBITS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News

                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

It's down-home fun as people soak up the music at the Lyons Fiddle Fest

BYLINE: Anthony Orozco, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 411 words


Sept. 22--Strumming, picking and plucking, hundreds of musicians were heard by
thousands of enthusiasts who soaked in the sounds of bluegrass Sunday in Lyons.

The 31st annual Lyons Fiddle Fest continued the small town's tradition of
showcasing bluegrass, country and olde time music.

"People come because they love the music," said Sandy Frederick, co-chairwoman
of the festival. "They also come for the park. It is a beautiful space tucked
away in Berks County."

Frederick, who was raised in Lyons and now lives in Fleetwood, has been involved
with the festival for most of her life.

Her mother, Suzanne Reed, was involved with the festival from its beginning.

Frederick said she remembers helping clear the field to make what is now Lyons
Park as a young girl with her mother, who passed away in 2010.

Over 5,000 people from all over made it to the festival, many coming from
outside of Berks.

Although professional bands like The Roys, from Nashville Tenn., took the stage,
many nonprofessionals played to the crowd as well.

Victoria Brian of Spring City in Chester County made an hour drive to play her
banjo along with a group of fellow octogenarians.

Brian floated to and from the various jam sessions on the outskirts of the
festival where players could jump into familiar bluegrass tunes or spontaneous
original compositions.

Ray Fenstermacher, 82, of Allentown accompanied the jam sessions, putting down a
board and performing flat-foot dancing.

"I do it for the exercise and I love to dance," Fenstermacher said. "I love the
rhythm of bluegrass. I think I like it the more I hear it."

Oksanna Karaman, 18, of West Chester attended the festival with her band
members.

"We were classically trained in violin," Karaman said. "I really like the
freedom of playing the fiddle and it is traditional music. It is in our roots."

Jim and Esther Rittenhouse of Morgantown said they liked the nonprofessionals as
much as the professionals.

"There is a lot of variety in the music," Jim Rittenhouse said. "We like the
bluegrass, country and gospel music."

Erin Dallago, co-chairwoman of the event, said people flood the event because
they know what they can expect.

"You can still find wholesome, fun entertainment in a beautiful community,
celebrating being American," she said.

Contact Anthony Orozco: 610-371-5015 or aorozco@readingealge.com

___ (c)2014 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140922-RE-It-s-down-home-fun-as-people-soak-up-the-music-at-the-Lyons-
Fiddle-Fest-0922-20140922

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2014 Reading Eagle

                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 21, 2014 Sunday

It's down-home fun as people soak up the music at the Lyons Fiddle Fest

BYLINE: Anthony Orozco, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 411 words


Sept. 21--Strumming, picking and plucking, hundreds of musicians were heard by
thousands of enthusiasts who soaked in the sounds of bluegrass Sunday in Lyons.

The 31st annual Lyons Fiddle Fest continued the small town's tradition of
showcasing bluegrass, country and olde time music.

"People come because they love the music," said Sandy Frederick, co-chairwoman
of the festival. "They also come for the park. It is a beautiful space tucked
away in Berks County."

Frederick, who was raised in Lyons and now lives in Fleetwood, has been involved
with the festival for most of her life.

Her mother, Suzanne Reed, was involved with the festival from its beginning.

Frederick said she remembers helping clear the field to make what is now Lyons
Park as a young girl with her mother, who passed away in 2010.

Over 5,000 people from all over made it to the festival, many coming from
outside of Berks.

Although professional bands like The Roys, from Nashville Tenn., took the stage,
many nonprofessionals played to the crowd as well.

Victoria Brian of Spring City in Chester County made an hour drive to play her
banjo along with a group of fellow octogenarians.

Brian floated to and from the various jam sessions on the outskirts of the
festival where players could jump into familiar bluegrass tunes or spontaneous
original compositions.

Ray Fenstermacher, 82, of Allentown accompanied the jam sessions, putting down a
board and performing flat-foot dancing.

"I do it for the exercise and I love to dance," Fenstermacher said. "I love the
rhythm of bluegrass. I think I like it the more I hear it."

Oksanna Karaman, 18, of West Chester attended the festival with her band
members.

"We were classically trained in violin," Karaman said. "I really like the
freedom of playing the fiddle and it is traditional music. It is in our roots."

Jim and Esther Rittenhouse of Morgantown said they liked the nonprofessionals as
much as the professionals.

"There is a lot of variety in the music," Jim Rittenhouse said. "We like the
bluegrass, country and gospel music."

Erin Dallago, co-chairwoman of the event, said people flood the event because
they know what they can expect.

"You can still find wholesome, fun entertainment in a beautiful community,
celebrating being American," she said.

Contact Anthony Orozco: 610-371-5015 or aorozco@readingealge.com

___ (c)2014 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140921-RE-It-s-down-home-fun-as-people-soak-up-the-music-at-the-Lyons-
Fiddle-Fest-0921-20140921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2014 Reading Eagle

                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                           October 28, 2009 Wednesday

Musicians set to gather to do battle at Blair Castle

BYLINE: Leanna Maclarty

SECTION: NEWS; PEOPLE; Awards/Honours; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 236 words


ELITE musicians from across the world will gather in Perthshire at the weekend
for a prestigious annual competition.

Blair Castle will be the venue on Saturday and Sunday for the Glenfiddich Piping
and Fiddle Championships which attracts competitors from as far afield as the
US. Only 18 musicians are taking part in this competition which is recognised as
the piping and fiddle world's version of America's Grammy music awards.

The contest operates by invitation only and consists of winners of the various
major solo competitions over the last year.

Barbara Anderson, of Nelson Street, Huntly, is one of only eight competitors in
the fiddle competition, which celebrates its 20th year.

Seven out of the eight fiddle competitors are from Scotland.

International talent includes Rebecca Lomnicky, a fiddle player from Oregon, US,
and pipers Glenn Brown and Bruce Gandy, from Canada.

William Grant and Sons chairman Peter Gordon said: "We are delighted to announce
the competitors for this year's Glenfiddich Piping and Fiddle Championships.

"Last year we celebrated the 35th year of the piping championships and 2009 will
be memorable as we celebrate 20 years of the fiddle championships. I look
forward to a weekend of music as well as spending it with those who have joined
us year after year and to welcoming new faces to experience the world's best
pipers and fiddle players."

For information go to www.glenfiddich.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ELITE: Barbara Anderson of Huntly is one of eight fiddlers who will be
at Blair Castle for the Glenfiddich Piping and Fiddle Championships

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2009 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Red Deer Express (Alberta)

                           November 7, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Bluegrass sensation Michael Cleveland at Festival Hall

BYLINE: Mark Weber, Red Deer Express

SECTION: CITY PULSE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 537  words


Considered one of the premier bluegrass fiddlers of his generation, Michael
Cleveland certainly got an early start honing his impeccable skills.

He picked up a fiddle at age four and has scarcely put it down since.

The Waskasoo Bluegrass Music Society presents the incredibly talented Cleveland
and his band Flamekeeper at Festival Hall Nov. 18.

Doors open at 6:30 p.m. with the show at 7 p.m.

Last year, Cleveland took home his fourth Fiddle Player of the Year Award from
the IBMA, and his second solo disc Let 'Er Go, Boys! was released.

The disc is a brilliant showcase of fiddling expertise from the first note to
the closing measure -- Cleveland provides listeners with a meticulous approach
to his craft.

Tunes are infused with a robust energy, from Montana Cowboy and The Old Brown
Country Barn to bright, brisk instrumentals Sugar in the Gourd, Durham's Reel
and Bright and Early.

Plenty of guests drop by to help out, including Vince Gill who lends his
terrific tenor to Night, Blue as the Day.

It's a joy to hear bluegrass tunes that stick to traditional styles and sounds
much of the time, but also have a fresh contemporary feel surfacing as well
(check out the unrestrained jubilance radiating throughout Stone's Rag).

The fun continues with Hello City Limits, which nicely showcases the tight
harmonies the group is known for as well.

And the accolades continue for this acclaimed bunch -- this year, Cleveland
landed his fifth fiddle player award.

Rounding out his band are Jesse Brock (mandolin), Todd Rakestraw (guitar/lead
vocals) John Mark Batchelor (banjo) and Marshall Wilborn (bass).

Although music has been a lifelong love, it was in 1993 that Cleveland, who is
based in Charlestown Indiana, was chosen to be part of the Bluegrass Youth All
Stars at the IBMA's award show.

Later that year, he made his Grand Ole Opry debut as a guest of Alison Krauss.

After high school, Cleveland briefly toured with then-named Dale Ann Bradley and
Coon Creek before joining Rhonda Vincent and The Rage in 2000.

At the 2001 IBMA awards, Mike took his first Fiddle Player of the Year Award,
and shared the title of Entertainer of the Year with Rhonda Vincent and the
Rage.

In 2002, he rejoined The Dale Ann Bradley Band.

That same year he won the Fiddle Player of the Year Award and took it home again
in 2004.

His first project as a Rounder recording artist, Flame Keeper, was released in
early 2002 and was chosen the IBMA's Instrumental Album of the Year.

In 2004, he shared the Instrumental Album of the Year Award with Tom Adams for
Tom Adams and Michael Cleveland Live at the Ragged Edge, a disc of fiddle and
banjo duets.

Today Cleveland is a sought-after guest and has performed recently with folks
like Vince Gill, Marty Stuart, The Mark Newton Band, J.D. Crowe and the New
South, Audie Blaylock and Redline and Melven Goins.

He is also an active studio musician, with credits including the 2005
Grammy-nominated A Tribute to Jimmy Martin: The King of Bluegrass and 2003
Grammy winner Jimmy Sturr's Let's Polka 'Round.

Tickets are available at the Red Deer Book Exchange, Parkland Mall service desk,
53rd Street Music and The Key Hole.

They can also be picked up at Jackson's Pharmasave in Innisfail or Papow's Auto
Body in Lacombe.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Jim McGuire; BLUEGRASS HEAVEN - The Waskasoo Bluegrass Music Society
presents Michael Cleveland and his band Flamekeeper at Festival Hall Nov. 18. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Red Deer Express
                              All Rights Reserved

                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          November 24, 2010, Wednesday

Noted fiddler to appear at Hurricane art studio

BYLINE: Kara Moore

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P1

LENGTH: 235 words


kara.-moore@cnpapers.com (304) 348-4806

Fiddle player Joe Dobbs will perform at Art Moves on Main At Main Street Art
Studio in Hurricane from 6 to 8 p.m. Nov. 27.

Main Street Art Studio, which provides work and gallery space to local artists,
hosts the free, two-hour event each month.

The November event with Dobbs is also the studio's holiday open house.

Joe was born in Mississippi, where his grandfather also was a fiddler. After
moving to Louisiana, Joe started playing the instrument when he was 10 years
old.

After living in many locations throughout the South and Southwest over the
years, Joe moved to West Virginia in 1967 and has been here ever since. He has
been active in the Mountain State's folk music scene for 30 years as a fiddler,
recording artist, instructor and lecturer.

In 2000, Joe's sons, Dale and Scott, took over the family business, the Fret'N
Fiddle of St. Albans, one of the nation's best-known music stores for vintage
instruments. The transition has made it possible for Joe to pursue his first
love, playing the fiddle. It has also provided him the time necessary to conduct
historical music lectures and fiddle workshops. The lectures center on the
evolution of American folk music while the workshops are geared toward
musicians, with focus on traditional fiddle instruction.

Main Street Art Studio is located at 2801 Main Street in Hurricane. For more
information, call 304-982-1522.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers

                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             March 31, 2006 Friday

'My body has calamine lotion. /My body, as sore as can be ...'!

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 10B

LENGTH: 1129 words


From The Suburban Guerrilla of Eagan: "I grew up singing 'I'm Popeye the Sailor
Man. /I live in a garbage can. /I like to go swimmin' /With bow-legged wimmen.
/I'm Popeye the Sailor Man.'

"Another Mad magazine lyric, to the tune of 'My Bonnie': 'My body has calamine
lotion. /My body, as sore as can be. /The flowers I gathered for Granny /Turned
out to be poison ivy. /Don't touch, don't touch, you'll get a rash from ivy,
ivy. /Don't touch, don't touch, and it looks even worse than acne.' Runs through
my head at least twice every summer.

"Many years ago, a man and wife, whose last name was Lake, visited Minneapolis.
They were so enchanted by Lake Harriet that they named their daughter Harriet.
So there was a Lake Harriet and a Harriet Lake. The former is a body of water;
the latter went on to become a screen and television star, with her own program
on CBS-TV. It ran from 1958 to 1961. Harriet Lake is such a perfect name for a
celebrity; I'll never understand why she changed it to Ann Sothern."

BULLETIN BOARD SAYS: To be true to her roots, she could at least have become Ann
Midwestern!

Could be verse!

A call to the Bulletin Board Hot Line from Jack the Carpenter of Minneapolis: "I
remember: 'Poor Johnny was a chemist's son, /But Johnny is no more. /What Johnny
thought was H20 /Was H2SO4.'

"Along with that: 'A divinity student named Fiddle /Refused to accept his
degree. /Said he ' 'Tis enough to be Fiddle /Without being Fiddle, D.D.' [We had
to call Jack the Carpenter, to check on something inaudible -- and he re-recited
the poem with "Twiddle" instead of "Fiddle." Works either way!]

"And then, of course, there's: 'There was a young fisher named Fisher. /Went
fishing for fish in a fissure. /A fish with a grin pulled the young fisher in
/Now they're fishing the fissure for Fisher."

Vanity, thy name is ...

Including: The vision thing -- and: They're out there!

Reports Jon Anonof River Falls, Wis.: "Creative seeing seems to run in the
family. My sister spotted a vanity license plate that she read as '25ASSY.' She
puzzled for a while over just why anyone would want to send such a message.
Finally she realized that the second symbol was the letter S, not the number 5.
The plate read '2SASSY.'

"Speaking of vanity plates: I was passed by a junky old car with a license plate
that read '2HEAVN.' Judging from the speed the car was going, the driver must
have been in a hurry to get there -- or someplace."

The vision thing

The Grand Duchessof Grand Avenue: "Subject: 'Up north, artists draw big bucks.'

"That's the headline in [Thursday's] paper, regarding the arts being big
business in the Arrowhead region -- but my first thought was: They're gonna run
out of paper if they draw big bucks. Why not draw little bucks or little geese
or ducks? And where will they hang all those large drawings?"

BULLETIN BOARD SILLIES: Is it just a coincidence that "big bucks" is synonymous
with "big doe"? Or, rather, "big dough"? (Big D'OH!) Oh, deer ...

Come again?

An episode of creative hearing reported by Booklady: "A cashier at the grocery
store in Spooner told a very funny story about an occurrence the other day.

"It seems a customer was attempting to use the credit-card machine, which has a
slightly different way to scan the card. The cashier who told the story was busy
at her own station when she heard her colleague say in a firm voice: 'No! Strip
down and face the wall!'

"What a relief to discover that it was the card, not the customer, that had to
follow those directions!"

The simple pleasures (responsorial)

Timber Dan of Delano: "If folks think some TP is rough today, they should have
been around in the old two-holers when all the nice, thin index and tool pages
of the Sears or Ward's catalog had been used up, and one had only the thick,
shiny pages of the women's clothing section."

Fellow travelers

Including: Today's helpful hint

Whatzhername: "Subject: MacGyver would have been proud.

"We spent spring break in the Caribbean. The weather was beautiful, and the
temps got to the mid-80s each day.

"The motel room got a little too warm for sleeping at night, and we put the air
conditioning on. Imagine our surprise when it turned out to be motion-activated!
It got waayy too warm during the night after we fell asleep. We'd then wake up
and start moving around to get the dang thing going again.

"We experimented with throwing objects -- shoes, hats, etc. -- at the
thermostat. There would be a very short burst of a/c, then nothing.

"Dear Husband, who always travels with fishing gear, came up with a creative
solution. He took some chewing gum, fishing line and a piece of paper and
fashioned a mobile of sorts. He stuck the gum onto the ceiling in front of the
thermostat with the fishing line and attached the piece of paper. This
contraption provided constant motion, since the fan blew on the paper. We were
all able to sleep comfortably after this.

"So if you're going to travel somewhere warm, make sure you bring some fishing
line. You just never know when you might need it!"

Life as we know it

Or: Know thyself!

Teflon Mom: "Subject: I should have been a man.

"I have enjoyed reading BB for many years -- as often as my hectic schedule
allows actually reading a newspaper. I have chuckled knowingly when I hear
others' stories of forgetfulness or self-knowing. This weekend, however, I had
an experience of my own that may make other frazzled stay-at-home moms chuckle.

"A few years ago, I read an article regarding finding joy in parenting. A
rhetorical question in this article was: What would you do if you had two hours
a week, just for yourself? One mom responded [Bulletin Board says: We, too, like
to answer rhetorical questions. Have you noticed that?]: 'I would shave both
legs on the same day.' I laughed, but at the time I had only one child. How
little I knew.

"Fast-forward five years: I have one special-needs second-grader, an active
3-year-old, a stroke-patient mom living with me and a cancer-patient husband,
all under the same roof. Anyway, this week is spring break, and I (not unlike
many parents) struggle to find ways to keep my children active and happy during
vacation. Yesterday we took some other little friends to the YMCA for a long
swim. About an hour after we got into the pool, my 3-year-old rubbed my legs
(underwater, thank heavens) and announced: 'Mama, your leg is furry.' Leg? 'Yes,
just this one,' she said, pointing at my right leg. Yep. It happened. Left leg
smooth -- but I forgot to shave my right leg before going to the pool. When we
left the pool that day, I kept a second towel wrapped firmly around my legs,
convinced everyone would be looking at my asymmetrical hair growth.

"I'll take my two hours now, please."

Band Name of the Day:

Asymmetrical Hair

Web Site of the Day:

Tranquilizing the Sheep, at http://tinyurl.com/45ddg

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 25, 2015 Sunday

Players of all ages participate in Mid-Atlantic musical contest

BYLINE: Greg Larry, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 556 words


Oct. 25--FROSTBURG -- All ages stepped to the stage Saturday to work their magic
on the strings during the 22nd annual Mid-Atlantic Grand Fiddle, Banjo and
Mandolin Championship in Frostburg.

With categories for youth, adult and seniors, more than 20 musically gifted
participants took part in the event held at the Palace Theatre.

The contest was sponsored by the Cumberland Lions Club and WFWM Public Radio
based at Frostburg State University. Proceeds from the event go to charities and
programs supported by the Lions Club.

Jean White is chairwoman for the event. The contest was first organized by her
late husband Wayne White in 1992 as part of Cumberland's Rail Fest.

"I try to keep it going in his memory and my family helps with it," said White.

WFWM's Chuck Dicken hosted the event.

"These competitions are part of the musical heritage of the area. My favorite
part of it is seeing the youth competitions. It keeps the talent going and we
like to build on that," said Dicken.

First-place winners at the event include:

--Senior fiddle, Donald Kessler.

--Youth fiddle, Camille Arnold-Mages.

--Senior banjo, Kim D'Avello.

--Adult banjo, Jeffe Fommerlatt.

--Youth banjo, Wes Richmond.

--Senior mandolin, Richard Eddy.

--Adult mandolin, Clifton Dennis.

--Youth mandolin, Miles Owen.

All of the first place youth winners won a new instrument. The Appalachian
Bluegrass Shoppe and Eastman Strings assisted with providing the instruments.
Second and third place winners won trophies and cash prizes.

In addition to Maryland, participants in the annual event have come from all
over the mid-Atlantic region, including West Virginia, Virginia, Pennsylvania,
Ohio and New Jersey.

"I hope it will keep a love of music going in our community. And the proceeds go
to help the needy in the community," said White.

The Lions Club helps to buy glasses for people who cannot afford them as well as
supporting the Boys Scouts of America, local marbles tournaments and numerous
area sports teams.

Judges for the contest were Gregg Welty, a past competition winner, Charlie
McCord and Billy Rowley.

Greg Latta, who plays numerous stringed instruments, including banjo, was
competing Saturday for the third time. The music performed by the contestants is
largely bluegrass.

"It is very important, especially for young people, to know that this music is
still alive," he said.

Latta, an FSU professor, has placed in first and second place in prior years.

"There is pressure to it. Your adrenaline can get you when you are up there."

Latta said the best thing about the contest is "getting to catch up" with the
community of musicians.

"It is like a family reunion," said Latta.

Each contestant plays two or three songs either solo or with one accompanist,
usually a rhythm acoustic guitarist. Some of the tunes played by contestants
included "Somewhere Over the Rainbow," "Sugar Hill," "Both Sides Now," "Ashokan
Farewell, "Soldier's Joy," "Grandfather's Clock" and "Cherry River Line."

Many gift baskets and gift cards were given away through ticket drawings held
during intermission. Numerous area businesses supported the event through
advertisements.

Follow staff writer Greg Larry on Twitter @GregLarryCTN.

___ (c)2015 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151025-UM-Players-of-all-ages-participate-in-Mid-Atlantic-musical-contest-1025
-20151025

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2015 Cumberland Times-News

                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 25, 2015 Sunday

Players of all ages take part in Mid-Atlantic musical contest

BYLINE: Greg Larry, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 556 words


Oct. 25--FROSTBURG -- All ages stepped to the stage Saturday to work their magic
on the strings during the 22nd annual Mid-Atlantic Grand Fiddle, Banjo and
Mandolin Championship in Frostburg.

With categories for youth, adult and seniors, more than 20 musically gifted
participants took part in the event held at the Palace Theatre.

The contest was sponsored by the Cumberland Lions Club and WFWM Public Radio
based at Frostburg State University. Proceeds from the event go to charities and
programs supported by the Lions Club.

Jean White is chairwoman for the event. The contest was first organized by her
late husband Wayne White in 1992 as part of Cumberland's Rail Fest.

"I try to keep it going in his memory and my family helps with it," said White.

WFWM's Chuck Dicken hosted the event.

"These competitions are part of the musical heritage of the area. My favorite
part of it is seeing the youth competitions. It keeps the talent going and we
like to build on that," said Dicken.

First-place winners at the event include:

--Senior fiddle, Donald Kessler.

--Youth fiddle, Camille Arnold-Mages.

--Senior banjo, Kim D'Avello.

--Adult banjo, Jeffe Fommerlatt.

--Youth banjo, Wes Richmond.

--Senior mandolin, Richard Eddy.

--Adult mandolin, Clifton Dennis.

--Youth mandolin, Miles Owen.

All of the first place youth winners won a new instrument. The Appalachian
Bluegrass Shoppe and Eastman Strings assisted with providing the instruments.
Second and third place winners won trophies and cash prizes.

In addition to Maryland, participants in the annual event have come from all
over the mid-Atlantic region, including West Virginia, Virginia, Pennsylvania,
Ohio and New Jersey.

"I hope it will keep a love of music going in our community. And the proceeds go
to help the needy in the community," said White.

The Lions Club helps to buy glasses for people who cannot afford them as well as
supporting the Boys Scouts of America, local marbles tournaments and numerous
area sports teams.

Judges for the contest were Gregg Welty, a past competition winner, Charlie
McCord and Billy Rowley.

Greg Latta, who plays numerous stringed instruments, including banjo, was
competing Saturday for the third time. The music performed by the contestants is
largely bluegrass.

"It is very important, especially for young people, to know that this music is
still alive," he said.

Latta, an FSU professor, has placed in first and second place in prior years.

"There is pressure to it. Your adrenaline can get you when you are up there."

Latta said the best thing about the contest is "getting to catch up" with the
community of musicians.

"It is like a family reunion," said Latta.

Each contestant plays two or three songs either solo or with one accompanist,
usually a rhythm acoustic guitarist. Some of the tunes played by contestants
included "Somewhere Over the Rainbow," "Sugar Hill," "Both Sides Now," "Ashokan
Farewell, "Soldier's Joy," "Grandfather's Clock" and "Cherry River Line."

Many gift baskets and gift cards were given away through ticket drawings held
during intermission. Numerous area businesses supported the event through
advertisements.

Follow staff writer Greg Larry on Twitter @GregLarryCTN.

___ (c)2015 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151025-UM-Players-of-all-ages-take-part-in-Mid-Atlantic-musical-contest-1025-2
0151025

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2015 Cumberland Times-News

                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                           September 4, 2008 Thursday

Rockin' fiddle: Stratospheerius at Red Fox Tavern

BYLINE: Allen Amundsen For the Times-Standard

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 500 words


The fiddle is an instrument that is typically associated with a lot of things:
square-dancing, the soundtrack to the Warren Beatty/Faye Dunaway film "Bonnie
and Clyde," the Dave Mathews Band (RIP Leroi Moore), and approximately 85,000
Bluegrass outfits jamming away in honky-tonks on yonder. One thing the fiddle is
not associated with is rock 'n' roll, except for that pivotal scene in the first
"Revenge of the Nerds" film where Arnold Poindexter (deftly portrayed by a young
Timothy Busfield) totally wails on a electrified violin during the Tri-Lam's
triumphant freakout at the big talent show (and completely humiliating the heck
out of the Alpha Betas. But I digress...)

New York City's Stratsopheerius vehemently sees the fiddle as a conduit for rock
'n' roll and they make a very compelling case for this argument.

Their influences are all over the musical map: Frank Zappa, Bela Fleck, Jeff
Beck, Radiohead, and Led Zeppelin. This eclecticism seems like the boilerplate
for just about any jam-band that has ever existed; the exception here is that
Stratospheerius isn't being precocious about their tastes -- they take their
heroes seriously and the influences have built their blueprint for solving
musical puzzles. Dubbing their sound "psychojazz trip funk" this four piece band
of energetic troubadours combines a tasty brew of funk, old-school rhythm &
blues, with a hint of Latin jazz and a few shots of boogie-soaked jam rock.

Joe Deninzon provides the dynamic fiddle sounds to the mix as well as lending
his wicked mandolin and lead vocal skills; he has a soothing croon that is both
rough and soulful. In seven years of recording and playing in smoky clubs, a
musician learns a thing or two about how to tap into the blues and Deninzon is
no exception. Aiding and abetting Stratospheerius' cosmic debris are Aurelien
Budynek, who provides additional vocal and interstellar guitar licks; Jamie
Bishop on the full-bottom bass and the very deft Lucianna Padmore on percussion
duties.

Stratospheerius is in the midst of their first-ever tour of the West Coast in
support of their latest release "Headspace" (out now on D-Zone.) The tracks on
this disc are an ample representation of the band's infectious fusion cocktail.
Standout tracks include the spaced-out jam "Heavy Shtettle II" and the
funky-bluesy rocker simply titled "New Material."

They even have a spirited live cover of the theme to the immortal Simpson's TV
show. This may sound like a gimmicky throwback but you can practically see their
grins as you listen to their psychobilly interpretation Danny Elfman's familiar
tropes. Another added bonus on the disc is an equally rousing cover version of
the old Police slow-burner "Driven to Tears" which pays a loving tribute to
Sting and the Boys.

The fiddle may not immediately invoke visions of funky jams but Stratospheerius
is telling us otherwise and their brand of progressive multi-layered hyperdriven
tunes would make even Arnold Poindexter raise his geeky rock fist in the air.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved

                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 7, 2016 Thursday

South Carolina: Fiddle Player to Perform Free Concert Sunday at Chapman

LENGTH: 201  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Columbia: University of South Carolina, The State of South Carolina has issued
the following news release:



 Bluegrass fiddle player Craig Owen will play a free live concert at Chapman
Cultural Center this Sunday, Jan. 10, 2-4 p.m. as part of the venue's weekly
Sunday Unplugged program. Having performed in the Spartanburg/Greenville area
for many years, Owen has played both bluegrass covers and folksy originals in
local venues. He plays bluegrass on fiddle, but plays his own modern folk and
easy listening songs on acoustic guitar, pairing his instrumentals with great
vocals. Owen has also produced several CDs, including The Smallest of Things and
Daydreams and Memories.





 Sunday Unplugged gives the public the opportunity to enjoy local culture and
arts free of stress and mostly free. From 1 until 5 p.m. the Center is open, and
there is free admission to Spartanburg Art Museum, Spartanburg Regional History
Museum, Artists' Guild of Spartanburg Gallery, and Student Galleries.
Spartanburg Science Center will also be open, admission being $4 for adults ad
$2.50 for students.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 17, 2013 Thursday

Maximum Blue bluegrass band plans CD release party

BYLINE: Judy Harrison BDN Staff

LENGTH: 687 words


BANGOR, Maine -- Maximum Blue, a Bangor-based trio of fiddle, bass and guitar,
will hold a CD release party at 8 p.m. Friday, Oct. 25, at Next Generation
Theater, 39 Center St., in Brewer.


The group is made up of Max Silverstein, 16, on fiddle, his father, Jeffrey
Silverstein, on guitar, both of Bangor, and Nancy Merrill of Clifton on bass.
The new CD, entitled "Grounded," is the group's fifth recording but the first to
be recorded professionally.


"The others were recorded either live or in the basement," Jeffrey Silverstein,
a well-known local criminal defense attorney, said Wednesday. "These are
traditional tunes [on the new CD] we've been working on for about a year."


The all-instrumental album includes "Sweet Georgia Brown," "Lonesome Moonlight
Waltz," "Big Sandy River" and "Cherokee Shuffle."


Max, who is an accomplished fiddle player for his age, and his dad have been
playing together publicly since he was 10 at events in and around Bangor.
Merrill joined them two years ago.


Bluegrass and what is often called "roots music" is not on most Bangor High
School students' list of musical favorites. Max hopes to make it his career.


"When I was younger, I'd go to festivals with dad because he was into it," the
teen said on a recent Sunday afternoon while preparing to play at Paddy Murphy's
restaurant during brunch. "Now I love playing it. I just love the sound."


His father tells a slightly different story.


"I kind of pushed him into this in first grade," Jeffrey Silverstein said
Wednesday. "He wasn't psyched on it. I said, 'This is the way it is in the
Silverstein family. We all play a musical instrument.' Within a year or two he
started doing pretty well at the fiddle side of things.


"He continued to progress, so when he was about 10, I took him to the Maine
Fiddle Camp kicking and screaming, figuratively," the elder Silverstein
continued. "When we go there, he said, 'I'm here now but I'm not coming back.'
The next day, he was having a blast. From that point on, he's never looked
back."


He did have to look south to find a teacher who could help him improve playing
the fiddle rather than focus on classical music played on the violin. The summer
he left middle school, Max started taking lessons from Lauren Rioux in Yarmouth.
Rioux grew up in Machias and graduated from the University of Southern Maine.
She said that Max is an unusual musician for his age.


"Max has an insatiable appetite for playing music, learning new tunes, and
techniques on his fiddle," she said Thursday in an email. "His talent and his
work ethic, combined with this amazing attitude is creating a very solid
musician at a very young age.


"What's most impressive about Max is that he improves constantly," she
continued. "He hasn't plateaued. It's exciting to see him play and hear how he
has grown from week to week, performance after performance."


Through Rioux, Max has met a group of nationally known bluegrass players who are
expanding the genre, according to Jeffrey Silverstein. One of those is Rushad
Eggleston, a California-based cellist, who has invited Max to share the stage
with him in New York and Portland.


Max said hopes to attend college at East Tennessee State University to study
roots music. He has applied to be one 16 young string players under the age of
22 to take part in an educational program next spring at the Savannah Music
Festival in Georgia. While there, students receive six days of hands-on
instruction in playing, songwriting and ensemble work, according to information
on the festival website. The seminar culminates in a performance featuring
students' compositions and arrangements.


Jeffrey Silverstein jokes that his son hasn't kicked him out of the band yet,
but he can see that day coming.


"He's bypassing me in terms of musical ability," he said. "I can offer a lot. He
hasn't yet found another 'Steady Eddie,' but that day is just around the corner.
Soon, he'll find a younger person just a little more fluent and I'll step aside.
Now, I'm along for ride and thrilled to be part of it."


For information on the CD release party, call 989-7100 or visit
maximumblueband.com. Admission is $7.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Bangor Daily News

                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             March 6, 2008 Thursday

St. Patrick's Fiddle Frenzy

BYLINE: Bellows Falls Town Crier

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 250 words


On Saturday, March 8 at 7:30 p.m., the Immanauel Episcopal Church in Bellows
Falls and Stone Church Arts present St. Patrick's Fiddle Frenzy with Eugene
Friesen and friends. Get an early start to St. Patrick's season! Cellist Eugene
Friesen once again brings fiddling stars from the Berklee College of Music in
Boston for an unforgettable evening of airs, reels, jigs, and step-dancing.
Don't miss this high-energy concert by the best of the new fiddle talent!

Eugene Friesen is at the forefront of a new generation of musicians versed in
classical, popular and world music. A graduate of the Yale School of Music, he
is active as a performer, composer, teacher and recording artist. Friesen won a
Grammy award as a member of the Paul Winter Consort for the 1994 album "Spanish
Angel." He is on the faculty of the Berklee College of Music in Boston and is an
artist-in-residence at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York City. He
lives in Vermont.

All of the Stone Church Arts concerts are held at Immanuel Episcopal Church, 20
Church St., in Bellows Falls. Admission is $15 for adults, $10 for seniors and
children under 12 years of age. Tickets are available at Village Square
Booksellers (Bellows Falls), Heartstone Books (Putney), Brattleboro Books, Misty
Valley Books (Chester), and at www.brattleborotix.com , or available at the
door.

For more information or directions go to www.immanuelepiscopal.org or call
802-463-3100. Stone Church Arts is the arts program of Immanuel Episcopal
Church.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           September 11, 2009 Friday

Take your pick. It's a festival-packed Saturday across Greater Lowell

BYLINE: By Rachel R. Briere, rbriere@lowellsun.com

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 771 words


If your staycation this summer was a bust, you have a chance to redeem it all
this weekend.

With nearly a dozen events taking place tomorrow, four in Lowell alone, there's
no better excuse to put off yardwork.

Dracut and Pelham will celebrate Old Home Day, while Billerica opens its
signature Yankee Doodle Homecoming and Littleton jams Fay Park with its annual
Country Fair.

And celebrating its 30th anniversary, the Banjo and Fiddle Contest at Lowell's
Boarding House Park is about as recession-proof as you can get these days. Free
old-time fiddle, bluegrass, and banjo workshops start at 10 a.m., with the
battle of the bands running from noon to 6 p.m.

Ranger Alex Demas, who founded the event, says people unfamiliar with the genre
of music should not shy away. Some of the best string musicians travel from as
far away as Quebec, South Carolina and California to vie for top prizes in a
handful of categories.

"There is a really, really good energy," he said. "Part of the draw is not just
the stage. People are jamming up and down the canals, on the cobblestone streets
... it's very lovely. There's bluegrass, dixieland, Irish -- you never know what
you're going to get."

Majors Pub on Jackson Street in Lowell partnered with Karen Bell of The Club to
co-chair the first Major Jam'n Brew & BBQ Festival tomorrow at 4 p.m. The event
will feature fall-off-the-bone barbecue from M&M Ribs of Dorchester, Lowell's
Village Smokehouse and Garcia Brogans, and will be set to the music of For
Pete's Sake and Whiskey Tango. It is $5 to enjoy the music and meat, but for $20
the 21-plus crowd can sip on about 40 varieties of microbrews.

"It's going to be very exciting here," said pub owner Corey Belanger. "We've got
a few different audiences here. I say it's a great thing -- not a hindrance at
all."

Around the corner on Middle Street in Lowell, the strings are replaced with
reggae, hip-hop and Indian percussionists. The sixth annual New England
Culturefest combines art, music, fashion and food with a conscience. Valerie
Parker, executive director of Second World, hosts the fair trade bonanza in the
Enterprise Bank parking lot from 2 to10 p.m. Admission is $10; the rain date is
Sunday.

Another event tomorrow attached to a good cause is Saints Medical Center's Fall
Festival For Life Cancer Walk, now in its fourth year. The hospital is hoping to
raise $150,000 for the Cancer Center Spindle Fund. Shannon Allen, wife of Boston
Celtics star Ray Allen, will be the grand marshal of the walk.

Following the walk, there will be a barbecue, face painting for children, games
and prizes. The event takes place from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.

In Dracut, as many as 12,000 people are expected to flock to the Daoulas
Education Complex on Lakeview Avenue tomorrow for the eighth annual Old Home Day
festival.

As it has since its inception, Old Home Day coincides with the annual Dracut
Firefighters Day, and includes a Red Cross blood drive, a 5K road race, a police
SWAT-team demonstration, an antique car show on Lakeview Avenue, games,
entertainment and more than 180 booths for businesses and nonprofit groups.

The festivities, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., kick off with a Sept. 11 memorial
tribute on the gazebo. Local disc jockey Mark Watson will spin tunes between
acts from the Gentleman Songsters, the Dracut High School Band, 8-year-old
country singer Joey Grieve, local dance studios, a taekwondo demonstration by
the Dracut School of Martial Arts and a close-out performance by Country
Kimberly, a former New England Country Singer of the Year Award recipient.

Old Home Day Chairman Dave Paquin said one thing not to miss is a three-person
skydiving team jumping from a helicopter at 1 p.m. There will also be a
professional pumpkin carver and plenty of local musicians playing all genres.

In Billerica, the Yankee Doodle Homecoming is a three-day celebration of the
town's patriotic history. The name stems from the story of Billerican Thomas
Ditson,

Billerica Colonial Minutemen will parade through the center, making it not only
fun for the family, but a lesson in history. Tomorrow's events include a parade
at 10 a.m. down Boston Road and fireworks at the Marshall Middle School field at
8:30 p.m.

Pelham's Old Home Day has been sponsored by the First Congregational Church for
103 years. Events include a race, demonstrations, a doll-carriage parade and a
grand parade at 2:30 p.m. with Eleanor Burton as grand marshal.

Littleton's Country Fair is at Fay Park tomorrow from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. The fair
will feature old fashioned games, crafts and penny candy for sale. All proceeds
benefit the First Church Unitarian and other local charities.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Etienne Cremieux of Brookline, left, and Sam Stambler of Cambridge jam
during the Banjo & Fiddle Contest at Lowell's Boarding House Park last
September. The contest returns tomorrow one of many festivals throughout the
region.SUN FILE PHOTO / JULIA MALAKIE To order this photo please visit our
MyCapture site.
From left, Jean Goldsmith, 10, Jamie Sharp, 6, and Jamie's sister, Haley, 8, all
of Billerica, dig in at the Yankee Doodle Homecoming last September. The
festival returns tomorrow. SUN FILE PHOTO / BILL BRIDGEFORD To order this photo
please visit our MyCapture site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           October 20, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Memories of Ward Allen a salute to old-time fiddler

BYLINE: Patrick Langston, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 359  words


Ward Allen was doubly blessed. A technical virtuoso, the man long celebrated as
one of Canada's best old-time fiddlers also overflowed with heart.

In the mid-1950s, that combination landed Allen a high-profile gig touring with
Canadian country legend Wilf Carter.

It also got him a 10-year stint with Ottawa's country kingpins, the CFRA Happy
Wanderers, starting in 1955.

And it inspired Maple Sugar, Allen's signature tune that, in 1957, raced up the
charts on both sides of the border and remains one of the best-selling fiddle
numbers of all time.

"Ward could really feel an audience and connect with them," says booking agent
Ken Reynolds, who signed Allen to both Wilf Carter and the Happy Wanderers.

"People wanted to dance. He didn't just stand there and saw away. He was
infectious," Reynolds said.

Allen will be saluted Saturday when the Heritage Old Time Country Music
Association hosts Memories of Ward Allen in Renfrew.

Allen, who died in 1965 at the age of 43, was a farm boy from Woodham in
southern Ontario. A skilled piano player by the age of seven, he switched to
fiddle at 12, learning much of his repertoire from his brother Lorne.

After a spell of farm and lumbering jobs in Western Canada during his twenties,
Allen returned to Ontario in the late 1940s, playing on the CKNX Barn Dance from
Wingham and walking off with top honours at several fiddle competitions,
including the 1953 Canadian Open Old Time Fiddlers' Contest.

Allen, who moved to Hull after marrying in 1956, recorded on the Sparton label.

Since his death, Allen has been inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in
Nashville, The Ottawa Valley Country Music Hall of Fame, and the North American
Fiddle Hall of Fame and Museum Institute in New York.

And, recalls nephew and fellow fiddler Jimmy Allen, when Ward Allen played his
original composition Frank Ryan's Hornpipe at the 1961 national fiddle
competition in Shelburne, Ont., "he brought the whole 5,000 people out of their
seats. He just had that magic."

Memories of Ward Allen, a night of old-time music and dancing, takes place at 8
p.m. at the RCAF Wing in Renfrew on Saturday. Tickets are available only at the
door.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Ward Allen, second from left, who died in 1965, will be honoured Saturday
when the Heritage Old Time Country Music Association hosts Memories of Ward
Allen in Renfrew.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 21, 2014 Monday

Still pickin'

BYLINE: Greg Larry, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 1139 words


April 21--Did you know that Cumberland had a musical talent who recorded for
Columbia Records, played around the world, including the Grand Ole Opry and
Austin City Limits, and performed with Ricky Nelson, Barbara Mandrell, Merle
Travis, Jimmy Dean, Grandpa Jones, Hank Thompson, Tex Ritter and many more in
radio, TV and movies?

His name was Joe Maphis, nicknamed the "King of the Strings." Although known for
his virtuosity on guitar, Maphis (1921-1986) played fiddle, mandolin, banjo,
bass fiddle and octave guitar.

"He played piano, too," said Lou Kerns, 94, a childhood friend and bandmate of
Maphis during his Cumberland days.

Maphis and his family lived on Virginia Avenue near the corner of Mary Street.

"He lived in what we called Little Egypt," said Kerns.

Maphis' rise to fame led him to perform on radio in Richmond, Cincinnati,
Chicago and, finally, on an invitation from Merle Travis, Los Angeles in 1951.
In L.A., Maphis became part of a program called "Town Hall Party." The show was
broadcast on NBC Radio and carried live on KTTV, which was picked up by the
regional NBC television network in 1953 and later syndicated under the title
"Ranch Party."

Maphis, a regular performer and often host, played on "Town Hall Party" from its
debut in 1951 until it went off the air in 1961.

He didn't just play stringed instruments, Maphis ruled them. He could play with
great dexterity and would play fiddle over his head, under his legs, behind his
back and, while lying face down, played behind his back again. This feat
survives on DVD and is a sight to see.

Kerns, my great uncle, is Uncle Lou to me. Being a guitar player myself since
the late 1970s, the Kerns side of the family is where I'm told I inherited my
musical inclination.

In addition to countless stories, my Uncle Lou shared with me Maphis
memorabilia, including photographs, newspaper articles, CDs, DVDs and posters.

Uncle Lou had talked about Maphis over the years, but recently, it struck me
that it was something more with Lou. Uncle Lou truly cherished his buddy Maphis
and it meant something to him that the memory of his friend be kept alive.
Maphis and Kerns played music together in local bands before Maphis hit the road
in his late teens. Uncle Lou and Maphis also attended Fort Hill High School
together when it opened in 1936.

But, prior to that at age 11, Uncle Lou met Maphis, 9, at a musical jam session
held in a barn with no electricity that sat where White Oaks Shopping Center is
today.

Uncle Lou watched as Maphis played in his first band called the Maryland Rail
Splitters. Also in the band was fiddler Ivan Kerns (Lou's brother), Bill Pratt,
Bill "Ned" Green, and Maphis' Uncle Harry and his father, Bob. Joe Maphis
learned to play fiddle and guitar from his father and others in his family.

Joe Maphis was born in Suffolk, Va., in 1921. His father brought the family to
Cumberland around 1925 when Bob Maphis landed a job with the B&O Railroad.

Uncle Lou, who played guitar and bass fiddle, was quickly added to the Maryland
Rail Splitter lineup.

"Joe could pick up stuff really quick," said Uncle Lou.

Kerns, who lived on Industrial Boulevard, walked or rode a bicycle to visit
Maphis, until he got a car.

They continued to play frequently around Allegany County, Pennsylvania, West
Virginia and Virginia through the 1930s under various configurations and names,
including the Foggy Mountain Boys and the Sonnateers.

In a Times-News article in the 1960s, Maphis told a reporter, "We played at
every club, hoe down and PTA meeting we could find."

The Sonnateers was Lou and Joe's final local band before World War II came upon
the country and changed everything.

Lou served in the Army from 1941 to 1945 and Maphis served from 1944 to 1946.

The Army discovered Maphis' musical talents and he was sent to entertain troops
all around the world.

Following the war, Maphis' star began to rise. He became a regular on the Old
Dominion Barn Dance in Richmond. Broadcast live on radio, the program aired in
38 states.

In the late 1940s, Maphis met Rose Lee Schetromf of Clear Spring. Schetromf
played guitar and sang under the name Rose of the Mountains.

Married in 1953, Rose and Joe began performing together and were later referred
to as Mr. and Mrs. Country Music. Their biggest hit is the honky-tonk standard
"Dim Lights, Thick Smoke (and Loud, Loud music)."

In Bakersfield, Calif., in 1954, Maphis met teenage guitar maker Semie Mosrite.
They collaborated to create the famed Mosrite double-neck guitar. Emblazoned
with Joe's name on it, the guitar became Joe's signature ax.

Maphis also befriended Larry Collins, an 8-year-old guitarist who performed with
his sister Lorrie Collins under the name The Collins Kids. After receiving
lessons from Maphis, Larry and Joe would trade blistering guitar licks. The two
would frequently play the double-neck Mosrite at the same time with each playing
on a different neck.

Through the '50s and '60s, Maphis recorded sound tracks for TV's "Bonanza," "The
Virginian," "Riverboat" and more. He backed many country and pop singers on
recording sessions. He played on many movie soundtracks such as "The F.B.I.
Story," "God's Little Acre," "Thunder Road" and more.

In the late '50s, Maphis met Ozzie Nelson. Nelson asked Maphis to work with his
son Ricky, who was starting in music. Maphis worked with Ricky and helped him by
recording on his first album.

Maphis also discovered Barbara Mandrell. Mandrell toured in Joe and Rose's band
for a while and referred to Maphis as "Uncle Joe." In the early '80s, Maphis
joined Mandrell on her TV show on NBC for a reunion. Maphis also played often on
"Hee Haw" and "The Jimmy Dean Show."

Joe and Rose had three children, Jody, Lorrie and Dale.

"Last time I saw Joe alive was a family reunion in 1984," said Kerns.

"He came to Cumberland for a reunion. He played at the Clarysville Inn while he
was here."

Maphis was a lifelong smoker. In 1985 he was diagnosed with lung cancer. On July
27, 1986, he died at his home outside Nashville.

One of Joe's double-neck guitars is in the living room of Barbara Mandrell and
one is in the Country Music Hall of Fame in Nashville. Maphis was inducted into
the Virginia Country Music Hall of Fame in 1980.

When June Carter Cash heard that Maphis had no burial plot, she contacted Rose,
and Joe Maphis was buried in Cash's private cemetery in Nashville. Maphis has a
bronze grave plaque with a picture of his trusty double-neck and the inscription
"Still Pickin' " above it.

Rose Lee Maphis, 92, still lives near Nashville.

"Once Joe heard something he could play it. I think he was the best I've ever
heard," said Kerns.

___

Times-News staff writer Greg Larry can be contacted at glarry@times-news.com

___ (c)2014 Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland Times
News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140421-UM-STILL-PICKIN-20140421

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2014 Cumberland Times-News

                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 27, 2011, Friday

TRADITIONAL MUSIC WEEKEND;
Full-circle family fiddling;
Frank George's great-grandson, 7, to share stage at Vandalia

BYLINE: Mackenzie Mays, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 459 words


For one local family, the 35th annual Vandalia Gathering will bring a history of
traditional Appalachian talent full circle.

West Virginia fiddle player and 1994 Vandalia Award winner, Frank George, will
be joined on stage Saturday by a new fellow fiddler: his 7-year-old great
grandson, Jamin Cox.

"Nothing illustrates what the Vandalia is about any better than seeing one of
the old-time fiddlers and a young person performing together," said Jane George,
Frank's wife, who has been involved with Vandalia since its inception. "Events
like these paint a perfect picture of the Vandalia."

The Vandalia Gathering is a statewide folk festival dedicated to celebrating the
traditional arts, music, dance, stories, crafts and food of West Virginia.

Jane said the first-grader's interest was sparked by his own curiosity - having
been surrounded by a family active in traditional music and dance.

"He told his parents 'I want to play that thing like Frank plays.' So, we got
him a little fiddle, and he can play pretty well," Jane said. "Little fellows
like him usually get pushed into things by their parents to get experience, but
Jamin wanted to do it on his own. We think it's remarkable."

"It's all come full circle in a way. In essence, this is what Vandalia is all
about - passing along traditions and keeping them alive and fresh for the next
generation," said Ben Cox, Jamin's father. "This helps build awareness and allow
younger people to appreciate what the old timers do."

Jamin receives professional one-on-one fiddle lessons from instructor Cathy
Grant, who learned how to play the fiddle from Frank years ago.

Grant studied violin and viola at Oberlin College and the Cleveland Institute of
Music in Ohio, and requested a grant to do an apprenticeship with Frank in 2001.

"He's one of the treasures of West Virginia fiddling. He taught me tunes, his
styles and the history behind it all," Grant said of Frank. "He's just one of
the really great mentors of young fiddlers in the area."

Grant will attend the Vandalia Gathering, playing backup guitar for her
students.

"This is exactly the point of Vandalia: to keep passing these traditions on and
celebrate the beautiful culture of the state," Grant said.

The 2011 Vandalia Gathering will be held this weekend at the Culture Center and
elsewhere on the state Capitol Complex.

Frank George and Jamin Cox will perform Saturday as part of the State Theater
Concert, which begins at 6:30 p.m.

For more information, visit www.wvculture.org/vandalia.

JANE GEORGE | Courtesy photo

Traditional fiddler Frank George gives some instruction to his 7-year-old
great-grandson, Jamin Cox. The two will perform together Saturday at the
Vandalia Gathering.

Reach Mackenzie Mays at mackenzie.mays@wvgazette.com or 304-348-5100.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers

                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Lanham more than deserving of music award

BYLINE: Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 397 words


Dec. 18--Randy Lanham is recognized locally as a musical prodigy who won the
1991 Kentucky state fiddle championship.

His talent with the fiddle put him on stage with country stars such as George
Strait, Brooks & Dunn, Alan Jackson and Faith Hill.

But what may not be as well known is the work he has done in promoting and
teaching bluegrass music to thousands of this community's youth.

According to Gabrielle Gray, executive director of the International Bluegrass
Music Museum, Lanham "is one of the driving forces behind the youth movement in
bluegrass in Daviess County and western Kentucky" and has "taught well over
3,000 students in the past decade."

That commitment to teaching bluegrass music to any young person willing to put a
bow to a fiddle or put a pick to a mandolin has earned Lanham the Kentucky Music
Educators Association's "Friends of Music Award" for 2013-14.

Lanham, the Bluegrass Music Museum's education director, is being honored for
leading the museum's "Bluegrass in the Schools" program that goes into 23
elementary schools. Students are not only introduced to bluegrass music and its
creator, Rosine's Bill Monroe, but there are also taught how play its
instruments -- fiddle, mandolin, guitar and banjo.

What also makes Lanham special is that he could've remained in Nashville and
continued touring with the stars of country music.

"I had a great time on the road and saw a lot of places," he said. "But one day,
I no longer wanted to do that. I wanted to come home and teach."

Along with "Bluegrass in the Schools," he also oversees the museum's Kentucky
BlueGrass AllStars Saturday lessons that begin in February and end in June with
participants playing on stage at ROMP: Bluegrass Roots & Branches Festival.

Through sharing his gift with the community and its youth, Lanham has
contributed to the popularity of bluegrass music locally and helped turn it into
an appealing genre for younger generations.

It's why Gray said Lanham has played a major part in helping grow ROMP into one
of the largest bluegrass events in the country.

Lanham is more than deserving of the "Friends of Music Award." But as much as
he's given back over the years, that makes him a greater friend to this
community.

___ (c)2013 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131218-OW-EDITORIAL-Lanham-more-than-deserving-of-music-award-1218-20131218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2013 Messenger-Inquirer

                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                          February 23, 2002, Saturday

JOURNALISM HAS NEVER BEEN MORE DANGEROUS

BYLINE: Fergal Keane

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1205 words


DANIEL PLAYED the fiddle. He was a Jewish American boy from the East Coast, a
graduate of the Ivy League. But he loved the music of the back hills -
bluegrass, hillbilly, fiddle music from the Appalachians. Friends say he would
stay up until the early hours playing fiddle, drinking beers and laughing. That
was back in his days as a cub reporter on the Berkshire Eagle in Pittsfield,
Massachusetts. Daniel took his fiddle with him when he moved on to San
Franscisco and then to Washington DC where he was a regular at Madam's Organ, a
bar on 18th street.

These are scattered impressions of a man variously described by those who knew
him as "funny", "loving" and "kind", a man who could light up the room. Daniel
Pearl was 38 years old, a reporter at the height of his skills. The conflict in
Afghanistan was the biggest story of his life, and by all accounts he covered it
with distinction. He died because a group of fascists needed a vehicle to convey
their hatred of the United States to the wider world. Daniel Pearl became the
vehicle. After luring him to a restaurant in Karachi, they kidnapped him and
later they cut his throat. And like every foreign correspondent who read the
story yesterday I thought to myself: there but for the grace of God go I.

How many times have I set out for clandestine meetings or ventured into hostile
territory with nothing but the vaguest assurances about my safety? It reminded
me of the words uttered to one correspondent by his frightened wife: "How do you
think it feels to mentally plan your funeral every time you head for one of
those awful bloody places?" Yet Daniel Pearl wasn't one of the habitual
risk-takers, nor was he an adrenalin addict. Pearl was heading out to meet a
contact in the largest city in Pakistan, many miles from the chaos of
Afghanistan. He was killed by a small-time thug from another world. That is how
it happens most of the time.

Think of Kurt Schork and Miguel Moreno, shot in Sierra Leone by the Rebel United
Front, or Abdul Shariff, shot before my eyes in South Africa. A Zulu sniper's
bullet did for Abdul, and I will never forget his face as colleagues dragged him
to a car. He was dead by the time he reached hospital.

When I read yesterday that Daniel Pearl's colleagues were heartbroken, I didn't
have to struggle to imagine the scene. Memories came back of good friends killed
in crossfire or murdered in ambushes. Forget the cliches about foreign
correspondents being hard-bitten and cynical; like anybody else they weep for
their lost friends. There is intense rivalry to be sure, but I have found more
decency among the members of the "luckless tribe" (as William Russell of The
Times described foreign correspondents) than in any other area of journalism.

When my colleague John Harrison was killed in South Africa in 1994, one of the
first phone calls I received was from the ITN correspondent Mark Austin. He
commiserated first and then offered his own material to the BBC. You do meet
lowlifes from time to time, but they eventually tend to find themselves
isolated. When you face the possibility of death or imprisonment, the
camaraderie of colleagues is a precious thing.

Which brings me naturally to the subject of this newspaper's former
correspondent in Harare, Basildon Peta. I was in Zimbabwe when Mr Peta was
forced to flee the country. The headline on the pro-Mugabe paper The Bulawayo
Chronicle read: "Lying Scribe Flees." As I was contemplating this piece of
journalistic rubbish, a large band of Mr Mugabe's supporters came down the main
street. They were members of the Youth Brigade and I haven't encountered a more
menacing, surly group of hoodlums since the bad days of Rwanda. I have no doubt
that the Youth Brigade and the CIO (Central Intelligence Organisation) men who
control them were delighted with the headline. It helped to reinforce the
central myth of Robert Mugabe's tyranny: Zimbabwe's troubles are all the
consequence of a dark conspiracy, fostered by colonial Britain and its local
lackeys.

Mugabe regards a free press the way the rest of us regard cholera. That is why
he has banned foreign reporters and threatened them with long jail terms. It is
why local journalists have been arrested and tortured and newspaper offices
attacked. In the midst of all this Basildon Peta has been a brave voice. His
writing in this newspaper and the Harare-based Financial Gazette has been a
model of judicious analysis. Yes he has written polemical attacks against
Mugabe's restrictions on press freedom. These are not aberrations but the
responsibility of any journalist confronted with a system that seeks to deny the
truth.

When he was arrested and wrote an account of his imprisonment, I read the piece
with a mixture of indignation and relief. A curious blend but appropriate in the
circumstances. I was indignant because a man was arrested for nothing more than
organising a demonstration against a wicked law. I felt relief because Peta's
account of his imprisonment did not suggest any terrible ill treatment. It was
smelly and uncomfortable, but nothing like the horrors I have encountered in
other parts of Africa. The truly significant thing was that, by voicing his
opposition to draconian legislation, he had become a target for Zimbabwe's
secret police.

So when I read on my return from Zimbabwe that Mr Peta had been accused of
exaggerating his sufferings, I was dumbfounded. He was branded a liar by other
newspapers because he failed to tell the world that the police had allowed him
home to collect some medication. Never mind that his omission of this fact was a
deliberate attempt to protect compassionate police officers.

I suspect the alacrity with which The Times in particular seized on Mr Peta's
situation was spurred by more by a desire to embarrass this newspaper than any
real concerns it had about journalistic accuracy. Every newspaper in Britain has
carried reports from war zones in which correspondents have lapsed into
self-dramatising prose. It is a tradition as old as war- reporting itself, and
the Times's stance on Mr Peta strikes me as unusually sanctimonious.

I do not believe that newspapers should defend the likes of Basildon Peta simply
because they are under siege from Mugabe's thugs. That would, as The Times
pointed out, be simply to join the ranks of the truth-deniers. Instead, I would
suggest they consider the damage inflicted on a brave individual and his cause
and measure it against his supposed offence. Strip away Basildon Peta's prose
and go to the heart of the story. Ask yourself if he told the truth about the
essential facts and the answer must be yes. He was arrested by a police force
noted for its corruption and brutality and held against his will. Fact.

This was after he had been named an enemy of the state. If you told me he'd made
up the story of his arrest, I would join The Times in crying foul. But not even
Mugabe's henchmen could deny that he was arrested because he was a troublesome
reporter. It has never been more dangerous to practise the trade of foreign
correspondent; those who rush to judgement in London would do well to remember
that.

The writer is a BBC Special

Correspondent

LOAD-DATE: April 09, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Independent Print Ltd

                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Charlie Daniels Band ready to rock Jesters Live

BYLINE: Suzanne Hirt, Suzanne Hirt suzanne.hirt@news-jrnl.com

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 612  words


BIKE WEEK 2016

Charlie Daniels has been everywhere, man.

With two-plus decades of performing under his famously flashy belt buckle, he's
played most everywhere, too, including Bike Week Daytona Beach. He's been
inducted into the Grand Ole Opry and the Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum. And
he has seen his songs become hits, fade out of style and then come roaring back
once more on the lips of a new generation.

At 79, Daniels is as much in love with music as he was in the beginning, and his
mission at every Charlie Daniels Band show is simple -- to entertain.

"We walk on every night and that's what we do, whether it's a private party of a
few hundred people or a big outdoor show of 40,000. It's the same situation with
us."

When Charlie Daniels Band performs at Jesters Live at Destination Daytona on
Saturday, the crowd will be closer to 4,000 than 40,000, but that's a trivial
detail. "You probably wouldn't be able to tell the difference," he said.

The landscape of the music industry has changed considerably since Daniels first
came on the scene in an age before cell phones and social media made clips of
every show available for all the world to see -- back when he was "playing
country music and going to hoedowns." In some ways, Daniels changed along with
it.

He took a break from country and migrated to the rock scene for a period when he
"put the fiddle down" all together, he said. After several years, he figured it
was time to change up his sound once more.

"I decided to throw the fiddle in one day. I pulled it out and started playing
and people liked it. I started writing around it, started featuring it. I
started making songs written especially for the fiddle."

The greatest example of that transition is "The Devil Went Down to Georgia," a
fast-paced scorcher detailing a fiddle battle with the devil for a man's soul
that scored Daniels the biggest hit of his career, landing at No. 3 on the
Billboard Hot 100 in 1979.

Daniels said he doesn't think much about his legacy, about the timeless quality
of his music that makes his band the kind of act that could attract a crowd of
thousands during one of the busiest weeks of the year in Daytona Beach. But he
has noticed the change in demographic of his audience in recent years.

"What's happening today is there are younger people who have discovered these
older songs, and that kind of amazes me," Daniels said. He fields a lot of
requests for a "particular tune about hippies and rednecks and what was going on
in 1973."

The popularity of that song, "Uneasy Rider," continues to surprise him. "It's
frozen in time. ... We get requests for that song from people who weren't even
born then. It's pretty much a period piece."

Another such anthem, "In America," is a reaction to issues plaguing the country
in 1979, such as the Iran hostage crisis and financial woes. It still rings
patriotic today: "We'll all stick together and you can take that to the bank /
That's the cowboys and the hippies and the rebels and the Yanks," the second
verse proclaims.

"I still (play that song) now, and it's relative now," said Daniels. "We just
change a couple words."

Daniels isn't sure exactly what hooked those songs like an anchor into the minds
of fans from the '70s who have, in turn, passed their love and enthusiasm down
to a brand new crop of music lovers.

"You know, darling," he said, chuckling, "if I knew that ... I would put that in
every song every time."

Charlie Daniels Band will play at 7 p.m. Saturday, sharing the bill with
Marshall Tucker Band, at Jesters Live, 1637 N. U.S. Highway 1 in Ormond Beach.
Doors open at 6 p.m. Tickets are $15 and can be purchased at jesterslive.com or
by calling 386-671-7100.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General Information

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2016 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2016 News-Journal Corporation

                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            August 2, 2007 Thursday
                                Michigan Edition

Fiddlefest lets fans open their ears and minds

BYLINE: By DENISE PERRY DONAVIN, Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 419 words


BERRIEN SPRINGS -- It was a time to try new things at the annual Shady Grove
Fiddlefest.

Elizabeth Vanderboegh, of Buchanan, picked up a banjo for the first time Sunday.

Thanks to a bit if mentoring by Greg Schoff, of Niles, she plucked her way
through a first song.

She didn't compete in the Fiddlefest, at Grove Park. Maybe next year.

Some people start young.

Matthew Tan, age 6, may have been the youngest fiddler in Grove Park in Berrien
Springs last Sunday.

At age 4 1/2, Maelyn Higgins was one of the youngest fans. She's from Eau Claire
and attended with her great-grandparents.

She said she really enjoyed the fiddle music but has her heart set on playing
the guitar when she turns 5.

It was a day of competitions, workshops and main stage performances, enjoyed by
hundreds of fans.

Iain Mason, age 18, has competed for several years but is a fairly new hand at
the banjo, which he took up six months ago.

Still, Mason took third in the senior banjo competition. He has played guitar
for four years and took first place.

He also was a member of the Buck Sams, with Leslie Rach, and won second place in
the evening band competition.

On the main stage, Fonn Mor performed original and traditional songs, including
rollicking jigs and reels.

Energetic melodies from fiddle, accordion and flute are backed by explosive
Afro-Celtic percussion and driving guitars to create a whole new sound with
elements of old Ireland and Scotland.

Their latest CD, "Along The Way," was released in March 2007.

Fans were seated across the park on blankets, lawn chairs and picnic tables.

They enjoyed the original and historic tunes of The Fraily family -- Drew, Joy,
and their daughter, Adrienne, who performed some of her newest compositions.

A second focus for the day was on locally grown food.

"We have added a new twist this year by selling locally grown peaches and corn,
as well as hamburgers and hot dogs from local farms," said Jan Burda, festival
director.

Lee LaVanway, from the Benton Harbor Fruit Market, organized the food, which
promptly sold out.

He spoke and performed songs advocating buying local foods as a means of
reconnecting our urban and rural communities.

In his talk, LaVanway said, "The food we eat travels an average of 1,500 miles,
so almost all fossil fuel usage is tied up in the shipment of food."

Burda agreed, adding, "Do you know Musselmann's applesauce used to be made in
St. Joe, and now comes from China?"

While discussing this, he polished off a locally grown peach and went on stage
to introduce the next act.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:   The Fraileys -- from left, Drew, Joy and daughter Adrienne -- play at
the Fiddlefest in Berrien Springs.    Tribune Photo/DENISE PERRY DONAVIN
Fiddlefest winners  Senior mandolin: 1. Tim DeBrunine, Grand Rapids; 2. Megan
Hamel, Benton Harbor.    Senior banjo: 1. Greg Schoff, Niles. 2. Chuck Dineen,
Lawton. 3. Iaian Mason, St. Joseph.    Tween guitar: 1. Katie Kurtz, Eau Claire.
2. Genny Westendorp, Dowagiac.    Senior guitar: 1. Iaian Mason, St. Joseph.
Junior fiddle: 1. Cody Flood, Stevensville. 2. Lars Krebs, St. Joseph. 3. Abbey
Wooaring, Niles.    Tween fiddle: 1. Sarah Dowell, Benton Harbor. 2. Dustin
Wood, Cassopolis. 3. Breanna Wood, Cassopolis.    Senior fiddle: 1. Abi Doukhan,
Berrien Springs. 2. Richard Whitfield, Kalamazoo. 3. Marianne Kordas, West Bend,
Wis.    Band: 1. Early Morning Sunshine (Sarah and Steve Dowell). 2. Buck Sams
(Iaian Mason and Leslie Rach). 3. The Mad Hatters String Band (Jen Bartlett,
Richard Whitfield and Chuck Dineen).

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              September 2, 1999, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

O'FALLON DAD, DAUGHTER WILL PLAY AT BLUEGRASS FESTIVAL;
FIDDLING PAIR ARE AMONG PERFORMERS AT MILLSTADT EVENT

BYLINE: Paul A. Harris; Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: ST. CLAIR-MONROE POST, Pg. 4

LENGTH: 400 words

DATELINE: BELLEVILLE


O'Fallon fiddler George Portz demonstrates understandable pride when speaking
about the four trophies garnered by his 7-year-old daughter, Kaitlin, in fiddle
contests this spring and early summer.

Both dad and daughter are scheduled to perform Saturday at the Bluegrass Music
Festival near Millstadt.

"She's carrying on the tradition," Portz, a former National Open Fiddle
champion, said of Kaitlin.

The 46-year-old musician said he learned to play traditional country fiddle
music from his grandfather during the late 1950s and early '60s. One of the key
differences today, Portz said, has to do with the increased number of
opportunities for young musicians to perform and compete.

"My grandpa and I had to pretty much travel around the country to find the
festivals and contests," said Portz, who now plays key organizational roles in
11 such events in Illinois and Missouri.

"That's the threshold that any musician who is serious has to cross," he said,
adding that performing and competing in front of live audiences and peers
provides musicians of all ages with strong motivation to practice more
extensively and more wisely.

George Portz and the Friends of Bluegrass are scheduled to headline the first
Bluegrass Music Festival Saturday at Eckert's Orchard.

Friends of Bluegrass vocalist Zane Prosser will perform a solo set of
traditional country songs, said Portz, who added that Prosser's solo repertoire
runs to material by such legendary figures as Hank Williams and Jimmie "the
Singing Brakeman" Rodgers.

The program also includes performances by the Ravenmoon Bluegrass Band from
Columbia and the Herzing Family Bluegrass Band from Mount Vernon, Ill.

Country-style harmonica players Matt McElroy (an 11-year-old prodigy from
Sparta, Ill.) and Adrian Williams of St. Louis are also scheduled to perform.

Portz also plans to bring some of his current young fiddle students to the
stage, including his daughter, Kaitlin.

In addition to music, the program includes dancing by the Happy Tapper Cloggers,
of St. Charles, Portz said.

Festival organizers plan to erect a large tent on the grounds where audience
members and performers may take shelter from rain or intense sunshine, Portz
said. He suggested that festival-goers bring lawn chairs.

Music is scheduled from noon to 8 p.m. at Eckert's Entertainment Farm near
Millstadt. Admission is $ 2 per person.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Oskaloosa Herald (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 21, 2009 Monday

Fiddler for the youth

BYLINE: Andy Goodell, The Oskaloosa Herald, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 394 words


Sep. 21--OSKALOOSA -- He's preserving an older art.

Dave Bellegante, 49, of Des Moines, won the adult division of this Saturday's
Old Fashioned Fiddling Contest at Nelson Pioneer Farm Fall Festival. However,
he's more than just a top-notch performer. Bellegante also strives to keep
traditional American fiddle playing alive.

The only way to do that is to pass on his love for playing to the next
generation. Saturday's competition featured five youths and one adult who take
lessons from Bellegante at Rieman Music in Urbandale.

The feeling he gets from playing high-energy bluegrass is reason enough for
Bellegante to want to teach others to love fiddle playing as much as he does.

"You get kind of an emotional high off of it," said Bellegante with a smile.
"It's like athletes. When they play sports, they get this high. When we play
music, you get in that zone."

He's played the fiddle for nearly 40 years, after picking up a fiddle and bow
for the first time alongside his grandfather. Although he's skilled in the art,
Bellegante hadn't participated in a fiddle competition in nine years before
Saturday. During that time he served as master of ceremonies for the Iowa State
Fair fiddling competition.

"It was kind of a dying art several years ago," said Bellegante, who is also
president of The Fiddlers Association of Iowa. "It's really come along. Years
ago we hardly had any youth in this. This year (at the Iowa State Fair) we had
37 in the under 18 category."

Saturday's competition at Nelson Pioneer Farm included 14 contestants, 10 of
which where youth performers. This is twice as many performers included in the
contest's first year.

Outside of competitive fiddling, Bellegante said he has played with a couple of
bluegrass bands. Today he calls himself a freelance fiddle player.

"If someone gets a need for a fiddler, they might call me up and I'll play," he
said.

Herald City Editor Andy Goodell can be reached at news2@oskyherald.com

To see more of The Oskaloosa Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.oskaloosaherald.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Oskaloosa Herald, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090921-XZ-FIDDLER-20090921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XZ


                                 Copyright 2009

                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                            March 14, 2013 Thursday

Oroville Calendar

BYLINE: Oroville Mercury-Register

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 1381 words


FRIDAY

Events

Avenue 9 Gallery: 5-8 p.m. Reception showcasing work by Chico State art
students, "From the Trenches." www.avenue9gallery.com.

Chico Art Center: 7-9 p.m. Reception for 9th annual "Discovery Series!,"
Creative Fusion exhibition of 115 works of art by students from PV and Chico
high schools, Chico, Marsh and Bidwell junior high schools, Fairview, Marsh and
Inspire School of the Arts; refreshments. 450 Orange St. in Chico's train depot;
895-8726. 3-15

Performances

California Music Educator's Region III Choral Music Festival: 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at Bidwell Presbyterian Church. School choirs sing for judges, receive
instantaneous feedback. Many schools will participate, but Chico Junior High and
Chico High schools are the only local groups; Chico Junior High, 8:20 a.m.;
Chico High A Cappella Choir, 9:40 a.m.; Chico High Mixed Chorus, 2 p.m. Free to
public. Sue Delgardo, 891-3026, ext. 322.

47th annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and Picking
Championship, Oroville: 3 p.m. Opening ceremony and Fiddle Division;
Senior-senior (70 and older); Senior (60-69). Awards at 5:50 p.m. Schedules,
rules and registration forms at Houser's Music or Auditorium in Oroville; or
print from www.orovilleoldtimefiddlers.com. Free admission, but donations
appreciated. Food sold. Held at Oroville Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St.
Musicians from across California will compete; the Old Time fiddle Association
organization covers 10 districts, from Redding to San Diego. Also Saturday.

Chico Theater Company: 7:30 p.m. "Father of the Bride," set in the 1950s in the
home of the bride with the same theme as the novel and movie, but it is mostly
about the family and how the wedding affects the household. 166 Eaton Road.
Tickets $20 adults, $12 children 12 and younger; box office, 894-3282 or
www.chicotix.com.

Birdcage Theatre, Oroville: 7:30 p.m. "Proof," 2-act play captures grief,
sibling rivalry, romantic tension and a struggle with mental illness through a
present day family in Chicago. Language may not be suitable for younger
audiences. Tickets $15 adults, $7 preteens (Thursdays 2 for 1). 1740 Bird St.
533-2473.

Harlen Adams Theatre, Chico State: First of two day annual Chico Bach Festival:
7:30 p.m. Selections from Bach's "Clavierbungen III, known as the German Organ
Mass, on the Centennial pipe organ by Angela Kraft Cross. Presented by Chico
State Department of Music and Theatre. Advance tickets $15 adult, $13 seniors,
$6 children/students; add $2 if purchased at door. University Box Office,
898-6333. Information, David Scholz, 898-5152.

Community

Butte County Local Child Care Planning Council: 8:30-10:30 a.m. meets at Butte
County Housing Authority. 532-5763. Third Friday.

Butte County Historical Society Museum and Archives: 9 a.m.-noon, 2335 Baldwin
Ave., Oroville. $3 per person per day to research archives. Donate used books
for used book sales table. Museum store sells Butte View Olive Oil and Berkeley
Olive Oil. 533-9418. Weekly.

AARP Tax Assistance: 9 a.m.-1 p.m. at the Oroville Library, 1820 Mitchell Ave.
in the meeting room. Also Mondays. Weekly.

Bolt Antique Tool Museum: 10 a.m.-3:45 p.m. Unique museum with close to 10,000
tools collected by Carl "Bud" Bolt. Located at 1650 Broderick St., one block
from Chinese Temple. $3; under 12, free entrance; AAA members or groups of 15 or
more, $2.50 per person. Group tours by appointment. 538-2528; Museum, 538-2406.
Monday through Saturday; Sunday, 11:45 a.m.-3:45 p.m.

Gridley Library: 10 a.m. Playtime, at 299 Spruce St. 846-3323. Last Friday.

Fire House Certified Farmers Market, Heart of Southside Neighborhood: 11 a.m.-3
p.m., 3515 Myers St. Fresh foods, free garden exchange, EBT SNAP (food stamps)
accepted. Free stall spaces for produce growers, crafters and social service
groups. Sponsored by cChaos, nonprofit nutrition and lifestyle education
organization. Year round, rain or shine. 624-8844 or www.cChaos.org. Weekly.

Lott Home: 11:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m. tours of historic Victorian mansion, 1067
Montgomery St. in Sank Park. $3. Museum office, 538-2406; home, 538-2497. Weekly
on Sunday, Monday, Friday.

Artists of River Town Gallery and Gifts: noon-4 p.m. Tuesday Saturday; noon-7
p.m. first Fridays. Moved to Centennial Cultural Center, 1931 Arlin Rhine Dr.
Display changes monthly. Receptions on first saturday each month during regular
hours. Call 534-3227.

Chinese Temple: Noon-4 p.m., 1500 Broderick St. $3. Group tours by appointment.
538-2406. Temple: 538-2496. Daily.

Pioneer Museum: Noon-4 p.m., 2332 Montgomery St. $3 adults, free under 12.
Office 538-2406. Museum: 538-2529. Weekly.

Open swim for all ages: 3-5 p.m. at YMCA.

Ladies Night Out: 6 p.m. Movie at Gridley Library, 299 Spruce St. Usually third
Friday, but call 846-3323 to confirm.

Dance the night away: 8-11 p.m., Durham Grange Hall, 2387 Durham-Dayton Highway.
$4, $3 students. First, third Fridays.

Clubs/organizations

Exchange Club of Oroville:cnoon, Search For Talent planning. Meetings at Hof
Brau, 106 Table Mountain Blvd. Contact Charley Hurley, PO Box 1046, Oroville,
Ca, 95965. Weekly.

Bingo & Games: Doors 5 p.m., Bingo 6 p.m. $16 buy-ins or games sold separately.
Snacks and food sold with an occasional special dinner. Thermolito Grange, 479
Plumas Ave. Must be 18 to play. 532-4539. First, third Fridays.

Health, emotional support

Water fitness: 8, 9, 10 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. YMCA, 1684 Robinson St. Exercise led
by instructor. 533-9622 for cost. Weekly. Also Mondays, Wednesdays.

Public Health Clinic: 8 a.m.-5 p.m. Confidential reproductive health services
for men and women. 78 Table Mountain Blvd. 538-7341. Weekly.

New Beginnings AA: 6:30-7:30 a.m., Alano Club, 2471 Bird St. Open meeting.
534-9960. Weekdays.

TOPS (Take off Pounds Sensibly): 9:30-11 a.m., Thermalito Grange, 479 Plumas
Ave. 534-1238 or 533-7342. Weekly.

Caregiver Support Group: 10-11:30 a.m., ARC Thrift Shop, 2745 Oro Dam Blvd.
Caring support, sharing; respite available for Mountain Caregiver Resource
Center clients. 898-5925. Third Friday.

Brain Fitness Exercise Class: 11-11:30 a.m. at Prestige Assisted Living at
Oroville, 400 Executive Parkway. Simple exercises that can be performed at home
to improve cognitive abilities. Review previous exercise learned plus add a new
one each session. Sponsored by Golden Valley Home Health. 534-8160. Third
Friday.

Drop-in-center: Music group, 1-2:30 p.m.; coffee social, 1-2:30 p.m. 879-3311.
Weekly.

Narcotics Anonymous: noon and 6 p.m., 2688 Meyers St. Clean and Serene Group of
NA. Everyone welcome. Call, 1-877-669-1669.

Intensive Outpatient Drug & Alcohol Recovery: 5-6:30 p.m. Low cost, no cost.
Free to MediCal patients; insurance accepted. 891-5571. Weekly.

Narcotics Anonymous: Palermo Group of NA. 5 p.m., 7695 Melvina Ave (Christian
Faith Center). Call, 1-877-669-1669. Weekly. Also Wedsendays and Mondays.

Heroin Anonymous: 5:30 p.m. at Family Resource Center, 2185 Baldwin Ave. Weekly.

Big Book Study: AA, 6:30 p.m. at 2471 Bird St. Weekly.

Early Bird Fellowship, Alcoholics Anonymous: Open meetings, 6:30-7:30 a.m. and
8-9 p.m., Oroville Family Resource Center, 2085 Baldwin St. Weekly.

Zumba Fitness: 6:30 p.m. $5 drop-in. Feather River Activity Center, 1875 Feather
River Blvd., 533-2011. Weekly. Also Tuesdays.

Friday Nite Grace: 6:30 p.m. Recovery program at Grace Baptist Church, 3646 Oro
Dam Boulevard. 12-step Christ-centered recovery program designed to help with
life's addictions, abuses and anxieties. 533-1456. Weekly.

ADAM 12-Step Christ-Centered Support Group: 6:30 p.m., Corker House, 2649 Elgin
St. Danny, 532-9261. Weekly.

Alcoholics Anonymous, Lake Oroville Fellowship: noon and 8 p.m., 2471 Bird St.
All welcome. 538-8180. Weekly.

Narcotics Anonymous: 3:30 p.m., Burlington Ave and Wyandotte Ave., (Martin
Luther King Park. Southside Hole in the Wall Group of NA. Daily. Call,
1-877-669-1669.

Overeaters Anonymous: 7 p.m., Calvary Lutheran Church, corner of Edgewood and
Foothill. Weekly.

Wings Like Eagles: 12-step recovery group, 7-9:30 p.m., 166 Eaton Road. Daycare
provided. 891-6353. Weekly.

To submit an item for "Oroville Calendar," please email the pertinent
information to calendar@orovillemr.com, fax it to 342-3617 or mail it to:
Oroville Community Calendar, P.O. Box 9, Chico, CA 95927. Please include your
name and telephone number on all correspondence.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 31, 2015 Monday

In brief

BYLINE: The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 529 words


Aug. 31--Grove host town for fiddle camp

GROVE, Okla. -- Grand Lake Festivals Inc. will be the host for the 21st annual
Jana Jae Fiddle Camp and Music Fest during Labor Day weekend, Sept. 4-6, in
Grove.

The event starts at 6 p.m. Friday with a kickoff party, barbecue dinner, and jam
at Snider's Camp. Activities Saturday night also will take place lakeside at 6
p.m. at Snider's Camp for a fish fry dinner, entertainment, amateur fiddle
contest, and open stage and jam sessions. On Sunday night, there will be an
informal picking party, open stage and jam sessions.

Entertainment is free, and food is $8 a plate. People may bring lawn chairs for
seating. Snider's Camp is located one mile south and a half-mile east of Honey
Creek Bridge in Grove.

Daytime events are slated from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday and Sunday at the
Grove Civic Center. Doors open at 9 a.m. Activities include workshops, master
demonstrations and group sessions, as well as special appearances by fiddle
groups, master fiddlers and top contest fiddlers. The workshops will feature 20
music instructors in small groups according to age, level and interest.

Organizers say all acoustic instruments are welcome.

Details:  www.grandlakefestivals.com.

Blood donations to be accepted

The Community Blood Center of the Ozarks has issued a code yellow alert for
blood types A negative and AB negative. There is currently less than a two-day
supply of these blood types available for area patients.

Blood donations will be accepted at three mobile sites this week.

Today, hours will be from 1 to 5 p.m. at the Monett American Legion, 719
Broadway.

On Wednesday, hours will be from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Cox Monett Hospital, 801 N.
Lincoln St.

On Friday, hours will be from 1 to 5 p.m. at Lowe's, 925 E. U.S. Highway 60.

To be eligible to give blood, you must weigh at least 110 pounds, be in good
health and present a valid photo identification.

Details: www.cbco.org or 1-800-280-5337.

U.S. Sen. Moran to visit Baxter Springs

BAXTER SPRINGS, Kan. -- U.S. Sen. Jerry Moran, R-Kan., will visit Baxter Springs
on Wednesday as part of his Kansas Listening Tour.

The town hall meeting is slated for 2:30 to 3:30 p.m. at the Baxter Springs
Heritage Center and Museum, 740 East Ave.

Food pantry receives gift

CARTHAGE, Mo. -- Missouri Prayer Mission recently received a $350 donation from
Archer Daniels Midland. The money will go toward purchasing countertops as part
of work to upgrade the kitchen at the Mission's River Street Food Pantry, 201 N.
River St.

"We are very grateful for the support of ADM Milling and hope other companies
will join in as we feed the hungry in our region," said Regina Shank, director
of the mission.

The mission serves about 400 families a month by appointment, including older
adults on limited incomes and families with children. Every Wednesday, the
mission serves a hot meal and gives out food boxes to between 80 and 100
clients. In addition to food, those at the mission work to provide counseling to
empower those who are temporarily in poverty, she said.

___ (c)2015 The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.) Visit The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.)
at www.joplinglobe.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150831-JL-In-brief-0831-20150831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2015 The Joplin Globe

                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                             April 22, 2011 Friday

Super Fiddle Show always a hit

BYLINE:

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 902  words


Fans of fiddle music will want to check out the upcoming 23rd annual Super
Fiddle Show in Riverview. Recording artists and popular performers Ivan and
Vivian Hicks will be back again as guests. Ivan will also emcee the show. The
Sussex Avenue Fiddlers will also be back to entertain at the event, held at the
Riverview Arts Centre on May 14.

There are a number of special guest this year. The Bb Sisters are a new duo with
lots of Canadian fiddle tunes. Kimberly Holmes and Sheryl Fitzpatrick are from
Nova Scotia and will perform Québécois jigs and reels and traditional Irish and
Cape Breton tunes, switching from fiddle to piano and playing other instruments.
Skip Holmes, known from his appearances on Up Home Tonight will play guitar.

The Melanson Sisters, Janelle and Christine, have performed for Queen Elizabeth,
during the CFL events in Moncton and in France. Now you can check them out.

Playing since the age of four, they are students of Stacey Read, who will
accompany them in the show. Read has recorded CDs, plays many live dates and is
a popular teacher.

Inducted into the New Brunswick Country music Hall of Fame in 2010, Dwane Drost
will be making his first appearance at the show. Drost has recorded many CDs
with many of his original tunes. He has charted songs in Europe and North
America and his song Thank a Vet received letters of appreciation from Queen
Elizabeth, President George W. Bush and Prime Minster Tony Blair of Great
Britain.

Erika Murray and Nicole Saulnier, also students of Read, are graduating from
Riverview High this year. This show is a benefit for the Safe Grad program at
their school and they will be representing their class by performing in the
show.

The Barrhaven Fiddleheads are an Ottawa-based group that was formed in 2000 when
fiddle teacher Sheryl Fitzpatrick, who was teaching Ottawa Valley and Don Messer
tunes to her students, joined with some of the students to perform publicly.
Joining the Hicks in the back-up band for the show are Tom Johnson on bass and
Del Wheaton on guitar.

Advanced reserve seats for the event can be purchased at Frank's Music in
Moncton, Sobeys in Riverview, Jean Coutu in Riverview or from the Hicks at
386-2996. Tickets are $15, $18 at the door if available. This show is always a
sell out, so get your tickets soon. Showtime is 7:30 p.m.

n Chase signs European deal

If you've been watching American Idol this season, you've seen record producer
Jimmy Iovine mentoring the contestants. Iovine has a long track record,
producing artists such as U2, Tom Petty and Stevie Nicks. Iovine was also
instrumental in starting the career of rapper Eminem. He also started his own
record label Interscope Records, with a recent signing being Lady Gaga.

As reported in a previous column, Kingston Peninsula native, Hampton High
graduate and Moncton resident Kevin Chase signed a deal with Interscope earlier
this year.

Now Chase has signed on the dotted line with AGR Television Records/Universal in
Europe. His album, released as Round 3 in North America will be released as Hold
On Tight for European audiences.

"We have had a lot of great international feedback to the new album through the
Internet, but now we can reach people on a much larger scale," said Chase in a
press release.

The first single, Outta Sight, Outta Mind is being sent to country radio
stations in Germany, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Belgium, Austria, The Netherlands
and England by the end of April. The album featuring Chase's co-writing on 8 of
the 14 tracks, will be released to 39 countries later in 2011.

The CD was recorded in Saint John at Atlantica Studios, produced by Chase, Marc
Gosselin and Jim Kuehnel, with additional production and mixing done in
Nashville by Anthony Little.

"We are very excited for Kevin as well as our studio," says Atlantica general
manager and Chase manager Jim Kuehnel. "We spent 16 months recording this great
album and paid painstaking attention to every detail, because we wanted to
create an album with international production standards."

Kuehnel said the new deal with AGR gives them a great team to work with.

Chase is currently preparing to shoot his first music video. He will also be
part of the Cavendish Beach Music Festival on July 8, the day featuring Johnny
Reid, Ricky Skaggs and more.

Upcoming shows:

n There will be a classic country music jamboree in the Hillsborough Kiwanis
Center tomorrow night at 7 p.m. featuring the band Heartland from Bass River.
Members of the band include Gerry Daigle, Valerie Thompson, Carl Donaher, Mike
Cail and Gilles Robichaud. Special guests will be Carolyn Steeves, Charlie
O'Hara, Elma Campbell, Debbie McMillan, Janice Cail and Sylvia Thompson.
Admission is $6 at the door. For more info, contact Carolyn at 756-8303.

n Francelle Maria will appear with the Danny Roy Duo at the Shediac Legion
tomorrow night at 9:30 p.m. She will be with Matt Leger at Bentley's in Moncton
on April 27 at 10 p.m. and at St. Hubert in Moncton on April 28 from 6-10 p.m.
with Leger.

n Tickets are now on sale for Brian Mallery's CD release next Saturday at 8 p.m.
at the Bouctouche Community Center. Tickets are available at Chez Joanne Video,
La Taverne a Joe and Try-Us Video Cap-Pele or by contacting Mallery at 577-8901.

n NB Country is a regular feature about New Brunswick country music and
performers. If you have an idea for a future NB Country column, contact Tony
McGarrigle at kingscountycountry@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Kokomo Tribune (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

[friday] Best Bets: Fiddle virtuoso Karrnnel visits Kokomo

BYLINE: Martin Slagter, Kokomo Tribune, Ind.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 347 words


April 17--1. Fiddler Karrnnel visits Kokomo

Fiddle virtuoso Karrnnel will present a history of the fiddle during "The Fiddle
-- Past, Present & Future."

The Kokomo Community Concerts production will be held at 2:30 p.m. Sunday at
Kokomo High School Auditorium, 2501 S Berkley Road.

Single tickets for the concert are available at the door for $20, while students
are admitted for free with school ID. Season tickets also are available for $45.
For more information call 765-210-0686 or visit www.kokomocommunityconcerts.org
or the Kokomo Community Concerts Facebook page.

2. Habitat for Humanity hosts Rai$e the Roof fundraiser

It will be a busy weekend for Kokomo's Habitat for Humanity as volunteers get
ready for builds coming up this spring.

Habitat's Women Build teams will host its first Rai$e the Roof Event from 10
a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday at First Christian Church, 854 North, 300 West.

During Saturday's fundraiser, members of 15 Women Build teams will host a bazaar
featuring craft and bake sales as well as a bounce house for children. Habitat
also will host a Housebuilding Heptathlon Competition, featuring seven fun
building activities for children of all ages. Heptathalon entries are $10 for
individuals or $30 per family. There also will be a walking event: Walking for
Walls, which will raise a minimum of $30 per person.

Children under the age of 14 must be accompanied by an adult. Details for the
Heptathlon and Walking for Walls pledge sheets can be found at
www.habitatkokomo.com.

3. Student night at Rhum Academy

Students will display their skills again this weekend during Student Night at
the Rhum Academy of Music.

Students will perform at 7 p.m. today and Saturday at the Rhum Academy, 500 W.
Superior St.

Admission for the performances is $5. For more information, call 765-236-0567 or
visit www.rhummusic.com.

Martin Slagter can be reached at 765-454-8570, martin.slagter@kokomotribune.com
or on Twitter @slagterm.

___ (c)2015 the Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo, Ind.) Visit the Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo,
Ind.) at www.kokomotribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150417-KO-friday-Best-Bets-Fiddle
-virtuoso-Karrnnel-visits-Kokomo-0417-20150417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KO


                         Copyright 2015 Kokomo Tribune

                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 16, 2009 Monday
                                  All Editions

Fiddlers enliven the Blue Goose

BYLINE: ABIGAIL CURTIS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: NORTHPORT


A stomping, clapping audience of hundreds packed the Blue Goose dance hall
Saturday night to listen to the sixth Waldo County Fiddlers' Showcase.

From little girls in pigtails to siblings in coordinating Western outfits to
older men with silver beards, musicians paraded across the stage to play their
reels, jigs, waltzes and more. Saturday night's torrential rain did not seem to
interfere with the showcase's success.

"There's some real talent in Waldo County, by gorry," said the evening's emcee
and piano player, Doug Protsik, who also is the director of the Maine Fiddle
Camp in Montville.

The nonprofit camp will mark its 16th summer next year, and the proceeds from
the evening will help fund scholarships for participants. The camp focuses on
dance music in Scots-Irish, French and Scandinavian traditions, especially as it
has evolved in Maine, said Protsik.

Attendees of all ages and all musical levels are welcome at the camp for a week
or for a weekend and are treated to lessons in fiddle, piano, guitar, banjo,
mandolin, bones and tin whistle among other instruments.

Most of the performers at Saturday night's event were camp attendees, including
15-year-old Clayton Clemetson of Belfast.

"I like the music a lot and the social thing," said the home-schooled Clayton,
who played the mandolin and the pennywhistle onstage with the Clemetson Brothers
& Friends group.

His mother, Fran Clemetson, sat surrounded by her tow-headed musician sons.

"Maine Fiddle Camp is an incredible community builder around music," she said.
"And it's super-fun."

The showcase exists thanks to freelance music promoter Barry Crawford, who
attended the fiddle camp and was struck by how much he enjoyed the concerts
there.

"Seeing all the adults and the kids playing together - it's just beautiful," he
said during the show.

One of the smallest kids who performed was 7-year-old Phoebe Wagner of
Thorndike, who played a very respectable version of the classic folk song "Go
Tell Aunt Rhody." The music pouring out of her tiny violin filled the dance
hall, and when she finished the audience gave her a mighty round of applause.

Another crowd favorite was the "special guest" fiddler Lucky Tim Farrell, of
Weeks Mills, a Maine Fiddle Camp instructor and a member of the Maine Country
Music Hall of Fame.

Farrell, who is in his 70s, had to sit down because he has been having some
health troubles lately, as he candidly explained to the crowd.

But his bow still seemed to effortlessly coax a melancholy train whistle and a
whole barnyard of animal sounds - including a mooing cow, a squealing pig and a
neighing horse - out of his violin.

Then Farrell let loose with a joyful waltz, and the delighted crowd became his
rhythm section.

"He's literally a living legend," Protsik said after the show.

For information about the Maine Fiddle Camp, go to www.mainefiddle.org.

acurtis@bangordailynews.net

338-3034

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News

                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 James C. Boyce

                              27 Wild Harbor Road
                           North Falmouth,  MA 02556
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (508) 563-9494
URL: www.jcboyce.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   James C. Boyce, Falmouth,Cape Cod MA, Guitar Maker, Guitar Repair, Fiddle
Maker, Fiddle Repair, String Instrument Restoration... handmade guitar and
fiddle instruments, brazilian rosewood, east indian rosewood, honduras mahogany,
maple, sitka spruce, guitar repair and restoration... fiddle violin instruments,
learning fiddle, set up fiddle, repair fiddle

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Moultrie Observer (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 1, 2011 Friday

Omega fiddle-maker sets up in Tifton April 9

BYLINE: The Moultrie Observer, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 381 words


April 01--TIFTON -- The Georgia Museum of Agriculture and Historic Village at
Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College will feature its second installment of the
"Second Saturdays" series on April 9 with Mike VanDeVelde, a fiddle player and
luthier.

VanDeVelde, of Omega, is a mainly self-taught fiddler who took a few lessons.
His teacher introduced him to building fiddles. From there he set a 10-year goal
to become an established luthier and produce outstanding instruments. Within
three years, his goal was complete.

"Mike is an exceptional fiddle maker and a great folk performer," Polly Huff,
gallery coordinator from the ABAC Arts Connection, said. "You will enjoy meeting
him in person, hearing his music, and watching him work on his fiddles. We are
excited to announce that he will be a part of a future gallery exhibit
showcasing musical instruments made by Georgia craftsmen."

VanDeVelde has worked with countless musicians and now has endorsements from
numerous artists. His wife, April, was diagnosed with relapsing/remitting
Multiple Sclerosis (MS), and VanDeVelde became an active supporter of "Band
Against MS," an organization founded by country artist Clay Walker to fund
research for the disease. He donated one of his handmade fiddles to help raise
money for the cause and hopes to continue to do so annually.

VanDeVelde is now the owner of "Low Country Fiddles" and has expanded to include
a repair shop in the store for the mending of all stringed instruments.

"Second Saturdays" will also feature later this year a potter from Thomasville,
glass artist Tadashi Torii of Sandy Springs, Athens metalsmith Charles Pinckney,
and groups of wool spinners, quilters, woodturners, and painters.

"We have a great line-up of Georgia artisans who are excited to share their
talent with our patrons," Huff said.

For more information on "Second Saturdays" and a full calendar of events, please
contact Huff at (229) 391-5222 or phuff@abac.edu

To see more of The Moultrie Observer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.moultrieobserver.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Moultrie Observer, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110401-GJ-Omega-fiddle-maker-sets-up-in-Tifton-April-9-0401-20110401

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GJ


                      Copyright 2011 The Moultrie Observer

                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            December 3, 2004 Friday
                                  City Edition

A Scottish Christmas

BYLINE: JEFF KORBELIK, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: X; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 981 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


Fiddle player's curiosity led to her musical journey

The little red-haired girl couldn't help herself.

Christmas was near, and she just had to know what she was going to find under
the tree.

She never could have guessed that what she found in the back of her mother's
storage closet would change her life forever.

While rummaging for her hidden presents, the 8-year-old came upon a dusty,
black, oblong-shaped cardboard box.

Curiosity got the best of her, and when she opened it, she found an old violin
resting inside.

"I carefully put it back," musician Bonnie Rideout recalled during a phone
interview from her Virginia home.

In order not to raise any suspicion, she couldn't say anything about it ?for
quite awhile."

"And then I had to come up with some excuse for going into the closet,'she said.

When she finally did pull it out, she learned the violin was her mother's, a
relic from her youth.

For Rideout, it was the coolest thing she could have stumbled upon.

"It got me started," she said. "Christmas time has sort of a double meaning for
me. It was the time I found the violin."

Or it found her.

***

Today, Rideout, 43, is one of the country's top fiddle players.

A three-time U.S. Scottish fiddle champion, she is a regular guest on  National
Public Radio's "The Thistle & Shamrock," "Morning Edition? and "Performance
Today."

She will be in Lincoln on Thursday with guitarist Bryan Aspey and percussionist
Matt Bell to celebrate "A Scottish Christmas? at the Lied Center for Performing
Arts.

As of Monday, only about 300 tickets remained for her concert.

"Whether it's Celtic Irish, Celtic Scottish or just Celtic, people have this
deep, personal connection to the music," Lied executive director Charles  Bethea
said. "There's something really magical about it."

A magic that took Rideout awhile to fully embrace.

***

Rideout grew up on a retired farm in Michigan but spent much of her childhood on
Cliff Island in Casco Bay, Maine, where she began to develop her musical ear in
a one-room schoolhouse.

Her teacher, a Miss Von Tilling, would gather all nine students and march them
down the road playing the Maine State song. Rideout's brother led the parade on
trumpet. She took the rear playing violin.

"There was no possibility of reading music," she said.

Her ear training continued in her Michigan home, where she joined her
piano-playing mother and her father on his ocarinas. They played everything from
"The Moxie Song? to "I Belong to Glasgow."

Rideout also received formal training. She played in public school orchestras
and took private lessons at the University of Michigan, where she joined the
youth symphony.

She went on to study music at the university and earned two degrees in 1985 in
violin performance and fine arts.

While she was at the university, she kept the ?fiddle? side of herself secret
from her classmates.

She lived in Scotland during the summer of her teen years. It was there she was
influenced by Jim Falconer, a large, robust farmer who had very strong, big and
rough hands from working his land.

He welcomed Rideout into his home and showed her the fiddle's finer points.
They would play together, warmed by a fire in the hearth and the music they
produced.

"He coached me, tearing down the stiff edges of my playing," she said.

Falconer took her to concerts and contests and Scottish radio programs. He was,
she said, ?my second dad."

Yet her university classmates never knew of her talent. She didn't want them to
know.

"Today, (fiddle playing) is considered an alternative style and is a big deal,"
she said. "To play the fiddle back then was considered backwoods and stupid. The
folk world and the classical world did not mix."

Until, that is, acclaimed violinist Yehudi Menuhin arrived on the Michigan
campus to teach a master class.

He remembered Rideout from an encounter in Scotland, where he heard her perform
on a television program. She was one of two women fiddle players, and the other
was considerably older than her.

"In those days, in the early ?80s, there were no woman fiddlers," she said. "I
was 19 and easy to remember, with my red hair and Yankee accent."

During the master class, Menuhin turned to Rideout and asked her if she was
"Bonnie from Blair Castle." He then asked her to play some reels.

"When I stopped, you could have heard a pin dropped," she said.

Menuhin complimented her energy and soul, which he said was missing from  her
classical playing. He told her and the class they needed the same kind of energy
to play classical music.

"It was a good lesson, especially to play (folk) music in front of them and have
it accepted," she said. "That was a big part of it for me."

***

After graduation, Rideout gave up the violin - she was disenchanted by the
classical music scene - and worked as an illustrator at the Smithsonian.

As Celtic music gained a foothold in America, thanks in part to Hollywood
("Braveheart?) and Broadway  (?Riverdance?), Rideout went back to playing.

Festivals led to competitions, which led to concerts, which led to record
contracts.

Today, she makes a full time living at it. When she arrives in Lincoln, she will
be in the midst of playing 19 concerts in 21 days.

"A Scottish Christmas," an extension of the CD by the same name, will feature
bagpipes, uilleann pipes, border pipes, Celtic harp, bodhran, guitar and voice
along with Rideout's signature fiddle. The program will range from rollicking to
introspective.

Lied patrons may never have had a chance to enjoy it had it not been for the
curiosity of a child.

Reach Jeff Korbelik at 473-7213 or jkorbelik@journalstar.com.

IF YOU GO

What: "A Scottish Christmas" with fiddler Bonnie Rideout

Where: Lied Center for Performing Arts, 301 N. 12th St.

When: 7:30 p.m. Thursday

Tickets: $34, $30 and $24; student tickets are half-price; 472-4747, (800)
432-3231 or www.liedcenter.org

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bonnie Rideout will perform a Celtic Christmas concert at the Lied
Center. COURTESY PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved

                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              July 23, 2007 Monday

JOHNNY FRIGO

BYLINE: Tony Dearness

SECTION: OBITUARIES; I REMEMBER; Pg. S9

LENGTH: 277 words


Folk fiddler Tony Dearness of St. John's writes about Johnny Frigo, whose
obituary appeared on July 9.

I ran across the music of Johnny Frigo in a jazz warehouse in Chicago. A couple
of years later I went to the North Chicago club where he had a Monday-night gig.
I was early and he was the next to show up; we talked for a couple of minutes
and he went up on stage to tune his fiddle. By the end of the tuning, there were
a few of us in the audience. As he put his fiddle back in the case, he thanked
us for coming and hoped we'd be back next week. But, of course, the performance
went on. During a break, Mr. Frigo cruised the tables to chat with obviously
familiar fans. After the break, he invited two younger members of the audience
up to the stage to play and lent his fiddle to them.

A couple of years later, in 2002, much to my delight and without prior notice,
Mr. Frigo turned up as an instructor at the Mark O'Connor Fiddle Camp near
Nashville, Tenn. I ended up in mealtime conversations with him and his
descriptions of his long career in the music business were greatly entertaining.

At the fiddle camp, he also performed at a concert. During one of the younger
instructors' set, she said how great it was "working with Johnny," and he, quick
with a retort, shouted from the sidelines: "Don't kid yourself, I'm only here
for the money."

Mr. Frigo tended to play jazz standards with an improvisation that was often
breathtaking. After another fiddler played an exhausting, avant-garde set, and
as he began his own set, Mr. Frigo said, "I do the same number, but I play it in
a different key." It was a treat to encounter a real pro and a charmer.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    October 28, 1990, Sunday, SUNDAY EDITION

She remembers her fling with JFK

BYLINE: By Mitchell Smyth Toronto Star

SECTION: PEOPLE; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 388 words


Nearly three decades after his death, the legend of John F. Kennedy still
fascinates the world. Perhaps that's why I've been asked recently about three of
JFK's women.

First, Gene Tierney.

The beautiful star of Laura and a couple of dozen other movies in the 1940s and
'50s dated Kennedy when he was a young, and single, politician. "I really was in
love with him at the time. He was a wonderful man," she has said.

Did he love her? "Yes, I think he did." But marriage was out of the question,
for Tierney had been divorced and the staunchly Catholic Kennedys wouldn't have
countenanced such a union.

Tierney, 70 next month, lives in Houston, to which she moved on her marriage to
Texas oilman W. Howard Lee (an ex-husband of Hedy Lamarr) in 1961. Lee died in
1980.

She is involved in various charities - especially a fund to help retarded
children; her first daughter was born retarded - and has rejected offers to
return to movies.

As I said, Kennedy was single when he was dating Tierney. He was married when he
was involved with Fiddle and Faddle.

With whom?

Fiddle and Faddle were White House secretaries. "They were both barely 20 when
they applied for jobs, both wearing identical dresses, both attractive and both
were hired," one Kennedy historian writes.

"Fiddle got her nickname at college and Faddle got hers by being friendly with
Fiddle. White House reporters soon noted that both women were available to the
president at all hours, that one of them always accompanied the president on
trips."

It's said that neither could type or take dictation.

JFK's fondness for them was no secret. On one occasion Fiddle had a date with a
reporter and she took a phone call during dinner. "It's the president," she
reportedly told her date. "He wants me. Right now." And off she went.

Washington reporters say Jacqueline Kennedy knew about the duo. She met one of
the young women one day when she (Jacqueline) was showing a French photographer
over the White House. "This is a young lady who is supposed to be sleeping with
my husband," the first lady reportedly said.

And where are Fiddle and Faddle now? At last report both were married and living
in New York. Their real names are . . . no, that would be descending to the
level of common gossip. This isn't the National Enquirer.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: Gene Tierney

                  Copyright 1990 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                October 28, 1990, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

She remembers her fling with JFK

BYLINE: By Mitchell Smyth Toronto Star

SECTION: PEOPLE; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 388 words


   Nearly three decades after his death, the legend of John F. Kennedy still
fascinates the world. Perhaps that's why I've been asked recently about three of
JFK's women.

First, Gene Tierney.

The beautiful star of Laura and a couple of dozen other movies in the 1940s and
'50s dated Kennedy when he was a young, and single, politician. "I really was in
love with him at the time. He was a wonderful man," she has said.

Did he love her? "Yes, I think he did." But marriage was out of the question,
for Tierney had been divorced and the staunchly Catholic Kennedys wouldn't have
countenanced such a union.

Tierney, 70 next month, lives in Houston, to which she moved on her marriage to
Texas oilman W. Howard Lee (an ex-husband of Hedy Lamarr) in 1961. Lee died in
1980.

She is involved in various charities - especially a fund to help retarded
children; her first daughter was born retarded - and has rejected offers to
return to movies.

As I said, Kennedy was single when he was dating Tierney. He was married when he
was involved with Fiddle and Faddle.

With whom?

Fiddle and Faddle were White House secretaries. "They were both barely 20 when
they applied for jobs, both wearing identical dresses, both attractive and both
were hired," one Kennedy historian writes.

"Fiddle got her nickname at college and Faddle got hers by being friendly with
Fiddle. White House reporters soon noted that both women were available to the
president at all hours, that one of them always accompanied the president on
trips."

It's said that neither could type or take dictation.

JFK's fondness for them was no secret. On one occasion Fiddle had a date with a
reporter and she took a phone call during dinner. "It's the president," she
reportedly told her date. "He wants me. Right now." And off she went.

Washington reporters say Jacqueline Kennedy knew about the duo. She met one of
the young women one day when she (Jacqueline) was showing a French photographer
over the White House. "This is a young lady who is supposed to be sleeping with
my husband," the first lady reportedly said.

And where are Fiddle and Faddle now? At last report both were married and living
in New York. Their real names are . . . no, that would be descending to the
level of common gossip. This isn't the National Enquirer.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: Gene TierneyWhatever; happened; to; Gene; Tierney; age;
biography

                  Copyright 1990 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                             June 14, 2007 Thursday

Pair of fiddlers bring the bluegrass to 'Homecoming'

BYLINE: Diane Bitting

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 732  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Without bluegrass gospel music, a production of "Smoke on the Mountain
Homecoming" would have no soul.

But that won't be a problem when Ephrata ACT presents this story starting this
weekend.

Two of the musicians on stage are guys who can play bluegrass with the best of
them.

Set in the Blue Ridge Mountains of North Carolina in 1945, this musical comedy
by Connie Ray, the third in a series, is about the singing Sanders Family
returning to Mount Pleasant Baptist Church for a Saturday night gospel sing,
their first appearance on the gospel circuit since World

War II ended.

The evening is also a send-off, with Pastor Mervin Olgethorpe and his pregnant
wife June about to leave for Texas and young Dennis Sanders ready to assume the
pulpit. So naturally, the evening features songs interspersed with personal
stories of faith.

Up on stage, behind cast members playing such instruments as guitars, bass and
piano, are two gentlemen who aren't just fiddlin' around. They are Cousin Randie
and Cousin LeRoy.

Randie Rineer of Lititz and LeRoy Mumma of Denver are not actors, and they don't
have speaking parts, but they've been made part of the family.

"I haven't been in a play since sixth grade," Rineer says.

But when it comes to playing the fiddle, these guys are the real deal. Between
them, they have close to 100 years experience in playing bluegrass.

Rineer grew up in Drumore Township, the grandson of two fiddle players.

"Both my grandfathers played fiddle, and my dad kind of wanted one of us to be a
fiddle player," says Rineer, who recalls going to hear country and bluegrass
music locally at Cripple Creek and Shindig in the Barn.

While he quit playing violin in school, he still played on his own. Back in
1974, he and a guitar-playing friend were among the founding members of the High
Ridge Mountain Boys. "That's pretty hickish, isn't it?" he asks with a laugh.

Over the years, Rineer, 51, has played locally and regionally in several bands,
including Temperance Hill Station, Wings of Bluegrass, and Billy Lee Cox and the
Mason-Dixon Grass. Since 1998, he has played with Sunnyside, a bluegrass gospel
band.

Music has been a side thing for Rineer, who works in sales for Alan
Manufacturing, a wholesale water treatment company. "It's like somebody taking
up golf. I took up music," he says.

The upbeat "mountain country sound" of bluegrass has kept him hooked, and he has
grown to favor the bluegrass-flavored gospel that his current band plays.

"We just kind of have to find a foundation, and that's kind of where we found
it, in God," he says.

Mumma has been playing violin/fiddle for over 60 years. (He can play mandolin,
guitar and a little banjo too.)

"I just fell into it, I guess," says Mumma, 70, who has been called upon to play
locally and regionally as well.

Mumma grew up in the Ephrata area and enjoyed listening to bluegrass on the
radio. "It's just an exciting music to me," he says.

When it comes to playing bluegrass, he likes its improvisational style.

"It's a free style of music," he notes. "You don't sit down and read the music
that somebody wrote. It's off the top of your head when you play bluegrass.
...It has to come from the heart and right off the top. You make up the music as
you go."

However, he adds, "you must know your instrument to play this type of music."

He has played with such bands as Charlie and Danny Baily and The Spirits of
Bluegrass, and in the early 1980s he toured Europe with Bob Paisley and the
Southern Grass. Touring, he says, "is a hard life. You're on the move all the
time."

He has also played at the Spoleto Festival in South Carolina, and he helps to
judge a Berks County fiddle contest.

For the most part, he has made his living doing non-musical jobs, such as
working for an electrician and hanging doors. "I'm a handyman," he says. He
retired after 10 years at the Bollman Hat factory.

When he was first called to do "Smoke on the Mountain," he was just going to
fill in for Rineer on one or two occasions. But he has enjoyed it so much, he
plans to add his fiddle-playing to most of the shows.

"I like the show," he says. "It'll be a good show."

CONTACT US: dbitting@LNPnews.com or 481-6014

THAT'S THE TICKET

"Smoke on the Mountain Homecoming''

Opens Fri.

Cont. through June 24.

Fri. and Sat. 7:30 p.m.

Sun. 2 p.m.

Also next Thurs., June 21 at 7:30 p.m.

$12 adults, $8 students

Grand Theater, Brossman Business Complex

124 E. Main St., Ephrata

738-2228

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            August 11, 2016 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Moreland Arbuckle reveal their devilish side; Trio sings about the evils of
temptation, writes Bill Robertson

BYLINE: Bill Robertson, The Starphoenix

SECTION: YOU; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 410 words


Moreland Arbuckle Promised Land or Bust Alligator Records. ... out of 5

This Wichita, Kan. roots trio comes blasting out of the speakers with Take Me
with You (When You Go) to open their seventh album, Promised Land or Bust. It's
a good taste of what's to come.

Aaron Moreland plays guitars, Dustin Arbuckle plays harmonica and sings lead,
and Kendall Newby plays drums, with guests on bass and keys, and they hammer the
blues rock hard to get things started.

Mean and Evil is a fast shuffle in which the singer opines that his gal's so
nasty "the Devil's afraid you'll take his throne."

The Devil figures prominently in this album, especially considering what happens
if you don't make it to the Promised Land. In Hannah, a slow, heavy-laden blues
rocker, the Devil shows up in the form of sore temptation, while in Long Way
Home, a "red-headed devil/with a face like Heaven/is going to drag you down to
Hell." Oh, many a good boy has gone wrong.

There's some nasty rock in When the Lights Are Burning Low, a classic blues lick
in the fast shuffle of Long Did I Hide It, some classic electric blues in Slim
Harpo's I'm a King Bee, and some raunchy, slow blues rock in the harpdrenched
Woman Down in Arkansas, which owes its beat to Fats Domino's Going to New
Orleans.

These guys play to win.

Twin Fiddles 2 Gordon Stobbe and JJ Guy. .. . out of 5

As you can guess from the title, the spirited and award-winning fiddle music of
JJ Guy and Gordon Stobbe is back, round two. Saskatchewan's Guy and Sask.-born
Nova Scotian Stobbe launch right onto the floor with the lively romp Richie Mann
Twostep. Besides fiddles, you'll hear guitars, mandolin, accordion and various
kinds of percussion. They're all taken care of by Stobbe.

R B Swing, with its guitar and accordion solos and a bit of syncopation, is some
easygoing sway, while The Garland Waltz is your basic nice, slow country waltz,
fiddles trading melody and harmony. Hazenburg Waltz goes one better by having a
slow and stately air to it.

Marshland Belle is a pleasing little two-step with the always melodic guitar
and, speaking of guitar, check out Stobbe's work on the mournful When I'm Gone.
Beautiful.

John and Sandra Milosevich has a Cossack feel to its fiddles, while Oso Negro
(Black Bear) is bluesy swing. There's a Basque dance, a wild, old kitchen party,
complete with spoons, and one called Kicking Horse, full of Marty Robbins
western chords. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved

                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 20, 2010 Tuesday

Teen fiddlin' her way to the top

BYLINE: Sonny Long, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 912 words


Apr. 20--HALLETTSVILLE -- Sixteen-year-old Mia Orosco has a hickey on her neck,
but her parents don't mind.

The red mark is from hours of practicing the fiddle, an effort that paid off
with a win in the 2009 Youth Division of the annual Fiddlers' Frolics.

"All the great ones have them," said Stuart Fryer, one of the organizers of the
40th annual Texas State Championship fiddle contest. "They just play a lot, part
out of compulsion and part because they just really like to play."

Mia, who will compete in the adult division this year, loves to play, she says.

HARD WORK

"I practice at least an hour a day, but usually two or three hours," said Mia,
whose father, Onofre Orosco Jr., is a 1964 graduate of Refugio High School.

"Before a contest, I'll go and have a five-hour session with my teacher, Joey
McKenzie," Mia said.

She began playing classical violin at 6 and became interested in fiddling after
hearing music from George Strait, who has a fiddle in his band.

"I thought it would be cool to try fiddling," she said. "When I was about 12,
dad and I went to a fiddle contest in Groesbeck. I just watched and listened. It
was completely different from the classical I had been playing. I loved it."

The biggest difference in the two disciplines, Mia said, is the bowing.

"Bowing separates fiddling from any other style," she said. "The biggest problem
that a violinist has trying to fiddle is bowing."

The conversion to fiddle bowing is something Mia has taken to, describing her
style as "energetic."

Fryer agreed.

"Every good fiddler plays with drive and she plays with drive," Fryer said. "I
know it when I hear it -- when the fiddle is just a nano-second ahead of the
rhythm guitar."

Mia, who is home-schooled by her mother Tina Orosco in Lorena, a town of about
1,500 residents 13 miles from Waco, said the fiddle appeals to her on a number
of levels.

"I've always loved the range of emotions you can get out of a fiddle," she said.
"I love what the fiddle can portray. It's a huge range."

Until recently Mia used her great-grandfather's fiddle to compete. They found it
broken into several pieces in her grandfather's attic in Refugio. A restorer in
Austin put it back into playing condition.

She won the youth division using it last year, but this year will compete with a
loaner.

FOND OF FROLICS

The teen loves competing in Hallettsville. This year will mark her fourth trip
to Fiddlers' Frolics.

"If you ask any involved fiddler what the three biggest contests in the country
are they'd say in no particular order, the nationals, the grand masters and the
fiddlers' frolics," she said. "We get the highest caliber fiddlers here from
Washington to Boston."

"I like playing in it, but more than anything I just love getting to see
fiddlers I'd never get the chance to hear otherwise," Mia said. "You are exposed
to such an enormous variety of fiddle styles and tunes."

Others, too, see the appeal of the Hallettsville event.

Kenneth Henneke, event co-chairman, said he expects 15,000 visitors to
Hallettsville during the four-day event. Between 125 and 150 fiddlers are
expected to take part in the various competition categories. More than 20 states
will be represented including a contingent of 20 from Washington.

COMMUNITY EVENT

Cherri Fryer, also one of the event organizers, said the economic impact of
Fiddlers' Frolics is significant.

"This is not just another little local event," she said. "This is the only event
I know of in this area that draws people from all over the country."

"This is the busiest time of year for retailers in Hallettsville," she
continued. "The motels here and in the area are full and we keep adding camper
spaces."

"It's a community event," said Henneke. "Those involved see it as an
extraordinary, historic event."

The weekend also includes a carnival and arts and crafts show.

Fiddlers' Frolics is not only the Texas State Championship competition. It is
also a Gone to Texas event for those from out of state, the youth division, a
senior division and the popular Anything Goes contest, where fiddlers' show off
a variety of tricks and styles. There is also an accompanist contest for
guitarists.

The fourth annual Songwriters' Serenade draws entries from across the country.
The 25 finalists, including former Victorian Ben Livingston, now of Austin,
Clarence New of Hallettsville and Jim Starr of Wharton, will square off with
preliminary competition at 6 p.m. Friday. The top 12 advance to Saturday's 1
p.m. finals.

On Sunday at 10:30 a.m., P.T. Riley of Victoria and Bobby Christman of Pottsboro
will be inducted into the Texas Fiddlers' Hall of Fame.

'RISING STAR'

While not a hall of famer yet, event organizers see big things ahead for Mia.

"She's a rising star," said Stuart Fryer. "She has a legitimate shot at winning
here. Maybe not this year, but she's only getting better."

Mia knows becoming the first woman to win the Texas State Championship,
especially at age 16, will be a challenge.

"I am excited to see how it will turn out," she said. "I'll try to work my way
up and get better. I am still growing as a fiddler."

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100420-VI-Teen-fiddlin-her-way-to-the-top-0420

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2010 Victoria Advocate

                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                August 13, 1996

On the fiddle with friends

BYLINE: Rob Adams

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 540 words


FOLLOWING the success of last year's Songs of the North-east of Scotland series,
Scottish traditional music once again features in the Edinburgh Festival
programme. Although not quite so generously apportioned as its predecessor, the
five-strong series of late night concerts of Scottish fiddle music at Greyfriars
Kirk promises much top-quality music making.

The concerts showcase Scottish fiddling history and geography, from the late
seventeenth century onwards, and through the Highlands, the North-east, Shetland
and Nova Scotia.

This explains the not insignificant presence of Clackmannan-born California
resident Alasdair Fraser, Aly Bain, and Cape Breton's Jerry Holland.

Casual observers may, however, wonder where Bonnie Rideout from Alexandria,
Virginia fits in. Of Scottish ancestry (both sides of her family emigrated at
the time of the Clearances), she grew up playing Scots fiddle, graduating to
competing - and winning - at the many Scottish music festivals in America, a
scene which she describes as being straight out of Braveheart.

She found her first fiddle at the age of eight while hunting for Christmas
presents in her mother's closet (it wasn't a present - they were in the car
boot, she later discovered) and "fell in love with it, couldn't let go of it,
slept with it and everything".

The passion developed into total immersion, not just in Scottish music, but in
the way of life. "You can't understand the music unless you understand the
people," she says, "and it's important for me to be able to say, 'I've breathed
the air, I've houked the tatties'."

Although she and her Traquair-born husband and family are based in Virginia,
Rideout has spent summers on Skye, poring over the Clan Donald Centre's huge
collection of pibrochs (a particular passion) and lived on a farm near Forfar.
A major influence was the late Ron Gonnella who, as well as teaching her how to
cook pasta properly and to drive a car with gears so that she could "drive him
home from the football when he was blootered", enrolled Rideout in the Angus
Strathspey and Reel Society, and passed on his skills in jigs and slow airs.

"I particularly loved the way Ron played jigs, because he had a lovely light
touch, that Italian style he inherited," she says. ''But you find those European
influences in Scottish fiddle music going back to the eighteenth century, when
people were writing sonatas based on jigs and reels. I find the whole thing
fascinating, because compared to Appalachian, Bluegrass and Old Time fiddle
styles, Scottish music goes back so deep.

"When I play a gaelic air, it's like an inherited memory. It's emotional and yet
it's technically challenging, and you don't find all of these things in a lot of
other fiddle music."

n.Rideout presents Scotland takes up the Fiddle with Lucy Cowan tonight, and The
Highland Inheritance with Alasdair Fraser on Monday. Also in Festival's Scottish
Fiddle Music series are: The Age of Patronage, with Alasdair Fraser and Maureen
Turnbull, on Saturday; The North East Tradition, with Douglas Lawrence, Alastair
Hardie and Paul Anderson, next Saturday, August 24; and The Northern Fiddler,
with Aly Bain and Jerry Holland, on Tuesday, August 27.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Northen highlight: Aly Bain again headlines the Festival folk

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1996 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.

                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                              May 29, 2009, Friday

Division of Culture names Vandalia winners

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3D

LENGTH: 434 words


The state Division of Culture and History has announced winners of contests
during the Vandalia Gathering at the state Capitol this past weekend.

Old-time fiddle, bluegrass banjo and mandolin players competed on Saturday and
old-time banjo, lap dulcimer and flat pick guitar players as well as best liars
competed Sunday. A new competition for homemade pound cake and fruit cobbler
also was held on Saturday.

Winners, in order of place, are:

-Youth Old-Time Fiddle (age 15 and under): Jerrica Hilbert of St. Albans; Ray
Cossin of Mount Alto, Annie Fowler of Scott Depot.

-Old-Time Fiddle (age 59 and under): Dan Kessinger of St. Marys, Chance McCoy of
Greenville, Greg Bentle of Huntington, Jenny Allinder of Culloden, Doug Van
Gundy of Elkins.

-Senior Old-Time Fiddle (age 60 and over): Gerry Milnes of Elkins, Lester
McCumbers of Nicut, Elmer Rich of Morgantown, Junior Spencer of Frankford,
Donald Jones of Scott Depot.

-Mandolin (all ages): Robin Kessinger of St. Albans, John Putnam of Looneyville,
Brandon Shoping of Williamson, Adam Hager of Kenna, Luke Shamblin of Elkview.

-Bluegrass Banjo (all ages): Doug Cossin of Mount Alto, Ed Price of Huntington,
Butch Osborne of Parkersburg, Swanagan Ray of Ripley, Brandon Shoping of
Williamson.

Pound Cake (all ages): Ella Hoffman of South Charleston, Tabitha Erwin of Scott
Depot, Shonnette Koontz of Charleston.

-Fruit Cobbler (all ages): Valerie Burgraf of Elkview, Lynna Middleton of
Elkview, Blair Chapman of Charleston. Blair Chapman also won top honors in the
youth category for those 15 and under.

-Youth Lap Dulcimer (age 15 and under): Hunter Walker of Beckley, Will Manahan
of Elkview, Shalor Gore of Charleston.

-Lap Dulcimer (all ages): Chance McCoy of Greenville, Hunter Walker of Beckley,
Heidi Muller of Charleston, Dave Haas of Cross Lanes, Bob Webb of Charleston.

-Old-Time Banjo (59 and under): Chance McCoy of Greenville, Tim Bing of
Huntington, Andrew Dunlap of St. Albans, Bob Shank of Bruceton Mills, Bob
Smakula of Elkins.

-Senior Old-Time Banjo (age 60 and over): Jim Mullins of St. Albans, Ken Sheller
of Elkins, Mack Samples of Duck, Steve Harrison of St. Albans, Eugene Parsons of
Orma.

-Youth Flat Pick Guitar (age 15 and under): Logan Jones of Charleston, Eric
Campbell of Hurricane, Andrew Fry of Winfield.

-Flat Pick Guitar (all ages): Matt Lindsey of Dunbar, Swanagan Ray of Ripley,
Dan Kessinger of St. Marys, Richard Adkins of Cross Lanes, Jamie Rhodes of
Culloden.

-Biggest Liar: Pete Kosky of Charleston.

-Bigger Liar: Scott Hill of Ghent.

-Big Liar: Alex McLaughlin of Charleston.

-Youth Liar (age 15 and under): Ellie Lepp of Charleston.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers

                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           September 26, 2004 Sunday
                                Bulldog Edition

Charlie Daniels donates fiddle

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 188 words


Acclaimed musician and fiddler Charlie Daniels is lending a hand to an Oklahoma
military support group.

Daniels, lead singer in the Charlie Daniels Band, donated an autographed fiddle
to a Tulsa-based detachment of the Marine Corps League.

The Alfred E. Schwab Detachment will auction the fiddle to raise money for the
Marine Corps Ball.

"I think it's just a fantastic thing that Charlie did this," said Terry Funk,
commandant of the detachment. "He was unable to come to our ball last year, and
he's unable to come this year, so he sent this (fiddle) instead."

Funk said Daniels has ties to Tulsa and was invited to the ball by local
acquaintances.

The musician also sent a signed music score of the song "The Devil Went Down to
Georgia," which the detachment will auction. To bid, contact Funk at (918)
585-8522 or by e-mail at terrylundylawfirm.com.

Funk said the detachment would like to have the auction completed by the second
week of October. The Marine Corps Ball will be Nov. 6 in Tulsa.

The Marine Corps League claims about 60,000 members nationwide. The group helps
support members of the U.S. Marine Corps, veterans and their families.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             May 11, 2016 Wednesday

Mongolian music thrills audience in Beijing

BYLINE: He Keyao

LENGTH: 440  words


A traditional Mongolian music concert highlighting the unique "horsehead fiddles
" and Khuumei art thrilled an audience in Beijing on Monday.

The Morin Khuur Ensemble performs at the concert on May 9 [Photo provided to
chinadaily.com.cn]

A traditional Mongolian music concert highlighting the unique "horsehead fiddles
" and Khuumei art thrilled an audience in Beijing on Monday.

As part of the World Music Series - Best of Asia project, a cultural exchange
program that aims to promote intangible cultural heritage, the show was
organized by Embassy of Mongolia, the Ministry of Culture and China's National
Center for Performing Arts.

More than 10 performances were given in Beijing's National Center for the
Performing Arts by the Morin Khuur Ensemble, one the most
internationally-celebrated musical groups of Mongolian culture. The concert
featured folk songs and symphonies. Traditional musical instruments were played,
including the "Morin khuur", or "horsehead fiddles", that became the center of
attention.

"The horsehead fiddle is the most popular instrument among the 400 musical
instruments the Mongolian people have created," Mongolia's ambassador, Tsedenjav
Sukhbaatar, said at the concert's opening. "It is a spiritual item kept at the
most honored place of the Mongolian ger, 'or yurt.' ".

A horsehead fiddle 140 different methods to play and.the strings can produce 100
different tunes and capture the sounds of various human activities, nature and
animals. The instrument is listed as a UNESCO Intangible Heritage of Humanity.

The concert was not only a feast for the ears, but also for the mind and soul.
The beautiful yet fresh melodies carried the audience's imagination to a clear
world with a blue sky, cool breeze, gurgling rivers, wide stretches of grassland
and herds of cattle and sheep.

Another highlight was Khuumei, a particular Mongolian throat singing technique
by which one can produce two voices, both high and low pitched, at the same
time. This drew bursts of applause among the listeners. The concert ended with a
classic Chinese song, Jasmine Flower, bringing the whole event to a climax.

The Morin Khuur Ensemble was established in 1992. As one of the most well-known
Mongolian musical groups and has performed in the world's most famous theaters
in Moscow, Vienna, Milan, Paris, Tokyo and New York. This is the third time it
has performed in Beijing's National Center for the Performing Arts.

Ambassador of Mongolia Tsedenjav Sukhbaatar (center) makes an opening speech at
the event. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn]

The Morin Khuur Ensemble performs at the concert on May 9 [Photo provided to
chinadaily.com.cn]

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            June 1, 2011, Wednesday

Vandalia Gathering winners

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P2D

LENGTH: 536 words


West Virginia's champion old-time fiddle, bluegrass banjo and mandolin players
competed May 28, and old-time banjo, lap dulcimer, flat pick guitar players and
the best liars on May 29, during the West Virginia Division of Culture and
History's 35th annual Vandalia Gathering. There also was a competition for best
homemade pound cake and apple pie on Saturday. The winners were:

Youth Old-Time Fiddle (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) Bella Zucker, Morgantown

2nd place ($50) Riley Sisco, Scott Depot

3rd place ($25) Walter King, Elkins

-Old-Time Fiddle (age 59 and under)

1st place ($400) Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

2nd place ($250) Ray Cossin, Mt. Alto

3rd place ($150) Jerrica Hilbert, St. Albans

4th place ($75) Andy Fitzgibbons, Elkins

5th place ($50) Bella Zucker, Morgantown

-Senior Old-Time Fiddle (age 60 and over)

1st place ($400) Elmer Rich, Morgantown

2nd place ($250) Gerry Milnes, Elkins

3rd place ($150) Jerry Lewis, Nettie

4th place ($75) Lester McCumbers, Rosedale

5th place ($50) Mack Samples, Duck

-Mandolin (all ages)

1st place ($400) Matt Hiser, Spanishburg

2nd place ($250) John Putnam, Looneyville

3rd place ($150) Brandon Shuping, Williamson

4th place ($75) Karl Smakula, Elkins

5th place ($50) Bob Smakula, Elkins

-Bluegrass Banjo (all ages)

1st place ($400) Brandon Green, Sophia

2nd place ($250) Calvin Leport, Henderson

3rd place ($150) Doug Cossin, Mt. Alto

4th place ($75) Blaine Johnson, Beaver

5th place ($50) Karl Smakula, Elkins

-Pound Cake (all ages)

1st place ($75) Shonnette Koontz, Charleston

2nd place ($50) Judy Grigoraci, Charleston

3rd place ($25) Imagene Baker, Charleston

Youth No award presented

-Apple Pie (all ages)

1st place ($75) Lynn Divjak, Charleston

2nd place ($50) Ella Hoffman, South Charleston

3rd place ($25) Cassandra Atkins, Charleston

Youth No award presented

-Youth Lap Dulcimer (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) Will Manahan, Elkview

2nd place ($50) No award presented

3rd place ($25) No award presented

-Lap Dulcimer (all ages)

1st place ($400) Emily Pritchard, Beckley

2nd place ($250) Will Manahan, Elkview

3rd place ($150) David O'Dell, Glenville

4th place ($75) Martha Turley, Ona

5th place ($50) Timmy Gillenwater, Griffithsville

-Old-Time Banjo (59 and under)

1st place ($400) Andrew Dunlap, St. Albans

2nd place ($250) David O'Dell, Glenville

3rd place ($150) Kevin Chesser, Elkins

4th place ($75) Chad Ashworth, St. Albans

5th place ($50) Paul Gartner, Yawkey

-Senior Old-Time Banjo (age 60 and over)

1st place ($400) Jim Mullins, St. Albans

2nd place ($250) Bob Shank, Bruceton Mills

3rd place ($150) Ben Carr, Wilsie

4th place ($75) Ken Sheller, Elkins

5th place ($50) Eugene Parsons, Orma

-Youth Flat Pick Guitar (age 15 and under)

1st place ($75) Logan Jones, Davis Creek

2nd place ($50) Isaac Putnam, Looneyville

3rd place ($25) Bryant Underwood, Charleston

-Flat Pick Guitar (all ages)

1st place ($400) Swanagan Ray, Ripley

2nd place ($250) Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

3rd place ($150) Matt Lindsey, Dunbar

4th place ($75) Brandon Bentley, Sumerco

5th place ($50) Richard Adkins, Cross Lanes

-Biggest Liar

Biggest Liar* ($100) Adam Booth, Shepherdstown

Bigger Liar ($75) Pete Kosky, Charleston

Big Liar ($50) Bud Anderson, South Charleston

Youth ($25) Scott "Dice" Johnson, Dunbar

*Goldenseal magazine's Golden Shovel award

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers

                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          February 15, 2007, Thursday

Their name is Earl;
Old-time quartet dishes up music with a feminine twist

BYLINE: Rusty Marks

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P9D

LENGTH: 382 words


rustymarks@wvgazette.com

People see the name Uncle Earl and envision a bunch of aging white dudes with
banjos.

Instead, they get the thirty-something quartet of K.C. Groves, Kristin
Andreassen, Rayna Gellert and Abigail Washburn.

"People always ask us about the name," Uncle Earl fiddle player Rayna Gellert
said in a telephone interview from her home in Asheville, N.C.

Although group founder K.C. Groves really did have an Uncle Earl, "It started
out as a joke," said Gellert.

"It's a girl band."

Uncle Earl brings its traditional and old-time music to Charleston's Clay Center
on Sunday for a special 7 p.m. edition of "Mountain Stage." The public radio
variety show, headlined by Arlo Guthrie, also features the John Hammond Band and
former Jefferson Airplane/Hot Tuna guitarist Jorma Kaukonen. Tickets are $27.
Call 561-3570 or visit www.moun

tainstage.org.

Uncle Earl was founded in 1999, when Groves decided to record an album featuring
female players. The resulting record was popular enough that she decided to
tour, so Groves needed a band.

Band members have come and gone, but in 2003 Uncle Earl settled into the current
lineup of Groves on mandolin, bass and guitar; Gellert on fiddle; Andreassen on
guitar and fiddle; and Washburn on banjo.

"I grew up around old-time music," Gellert said. "My parents had a string band
when I was a kid."

The daughter of a fiddle player, Gellert began studying classical violin at age
10. Her father's prowess with the instrument scared her away from old-time
music.

"I was afraid of traditional music because I thought it was over my head," she
said.

Her life changed when, at 15, her father took her to the Appalachian String Band
Music Festival in Clifftop. She was forced to make a choice between classical
and traditional music.

"I met all these folks in the old-time community, and I loved the festivals,"
she recalled. "Eventually I looked at the two [styles of music] and said, 'Hey,
one of these groups of people is having a lot more fun.'"

Sunday will be Uncle Earl's first appearance on "Mountain Stage," considered a
badge of honor for many musicians.

"We're psyched about that," she said. "We think it's a big deal. It's a great
show. They have great music and it's a lot of exposure."

To contact staff writer Rusty Marks, use e-mail or call 348-1215.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers

                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            November 23, 2009 Monday

A good, old-fashioned hoedown

BYLINE: By Prudence Brighton, Sun Correspondent

SECTION: TOP

LENGTH: 509 words


GROTON -- The final farmer's market of the year had just closed and, with
Thanksgiving Day less than a week away, it was time for an old-fashioned New
England barn dance.

The dance at the Groton Grange on Saturday night was a true community event and
a fitting end to the harvest season.

The embossed tin ceilings, wall tiles and hardwood floor of the Grange Hall
reverberated to the compelling beat of Irish, Scottish, Cape Breton and old New
England dance music. Dancers stayed on the floor for set after set of jigs and
reels.

"It's a good way for farmers to burn off steam and celebrate the end of the
season," said Sally Smith, president of the Groton Grange.

But it wasn't just farmers at the event, the first of four that will be held
this fall and winter at the Grange. The dancers included an enthusiastic group
of ninth-graders, retirees, toddlers and every age in between.

For Ashling Keating, whose Contrabanditos provided the music with the assistance
of Two Fiddles, the ninth-graders are great addition to the dances. They've been
coming since they were in the seventh grade, Keating said.

"It's a great way of carrying on a tradition that might otherwise be lost," she
added.

And the ninth-graders love the dances.

"They're a lot more fun than other dances," Breanne Happell said.

"I thought it would be fun and a little bit different," Katie Judge said.

Both Breanne and Katie hope the events draw even more of their contemporaries.

For one young man, the evening was a completely new experience. Patinya
Petcharait of Thailand is an exchange student staying with the Linkel family of
Fitchburg, formerly of Pepperell.

"He's a having a ball," said Cindy Linkel, whose own son insisted on staying
home.

Patinya watched on the sidelines for the first few dances but was out on the
floor with enthusiasm very quickly.

With Dudley Laufman of Two Fiddles calling the "promenades" and "do-si-dos," the
floor quickly filled with dancers. Laufman is a nationally recognized caller who
this year won the National Heritage Award presented by the National Endowment
for the Arts.

"His personality really brings people back," Keating said.

People quickly feel comfortable on the dance floor thanks to Laufman, whose
wife, Jacqueline, is the other member of Two Fiddles. They live in New Hampshire
but are known to local audiences through performances at the Lowell Folk
Festival as well as barn dances.

Keating's Contrabanditos back up the Two Fiddles with mandolins, tin whistles,
flute, fiddles and other traditional instruments.

"We have an open policy with musicians," Keating said.

Any musician who shows up is welcome to join the Contrabanditos on stage.

One musician who did just that on Saturday night was Jim Fownes. He will be
performing with Oh! CONTRAire next Saturday at the Parish Arts Center in
Westford.

"It's a great way to work off that Thanksgiving turkey," he said.

Barn dances are perfect for dancers of all levels and ages. They're also perfect
for singles, Keating said.

"You just show up," she said. "You don't have to worry about having a partner."

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: No Published Caption To order this photo please visit our MyCapture
site.
Above: The band Two Fiddles, made up of Canterbury, N.H.'s Jacqueline Laufman,
left, on fiddle, and Dudley Laufman on accordion, plays at the Family Barn Dance
at the Groton Grange with help from Dan Fassett of Groton on harmonica, and Brad
Smith of Groton on fiddle at far right. RIGHT: Greg and Cindy Premru of Groton
do-si-do. SUN photos/Julia Malakie To order this photo please visit our
MyCapture site.
A group of ninth-graders, led by Breanne Happell, 14, of Groton, left rear,
dance up a storm Saturday at the Groton Grange's barn dance. Dancers of all ages
and backgrounds had fun kicking up their heels. SUN/Julia Malakie To order this
photo please visit our MyCapture site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 7, 2015 Tuesday

'Stradivarius of Frankfort' subject of talk at Waldo Peirce Reading Room

LENGTH: 629 words


by Emily Burnham


of The Weekly Staff


Â


Searsport native Emeline Dehn-Reynolds, a lifelong violinist and a music
scholar, was playing a traditional tune at a contra dance in her adopted home of
New Hampshire, and began to wonder just where that tune came from.


"It's called Batchelder's Reel, and I was very interested in where that name
came from," said Dehn-Reynolds, who grew up attending Maine Fiddle Camp in
Liberty, and who has a master's degree in ethnomusicology from Memorial
University in Newfoundland, Canada. "So I did a little initial research, and lo
and behold, it came from Maine, and this Batchelder was a person, and he was
from Frankfort."


That Batchelder is Alvah Batchelder, who for much of the early 20th century was
one of the finest fiddle makers in New England. Batchelder and his father,
Edwin, were residents of Frankfort during that time, when the region was home to
four times as many people as today, many of whom were Irish and Italian
immigrants, working in the granite quarries and shipyards.


Dehn-Reynolds and her musical partner, University of New Hampshire professor
Peter Yarensky, will give a talk and performance about Batchelder violins and
the rich musical history of fiddling, contra dancing, violin making, and music
in Frankfort, set for 1 p.m. Saturday, July 11, at the Frankfort Congregational
Church in Frankfort. Donations will be accepted.


After that initial discovery about the Batchelders, Dehn-Reynolds investigated
further. She found that a man named Albert Quigley, a friend of Alvah's, brought
the "Batchelder's Reel" tune to New Hampshire. She also found that a fellow
fiddle-playing friend owned one of the just 99 fiddles that Batchelder made --
an instrument she's now in possession of, along with a fiddle made by Edwin
Batchelder, of which there are only a few left in existence. Think of them as
the Stradivarius of Frankfort.


"I would say the Batchelder [violins] are among the finest made in Maine," said
Dehn-Reynolds. "They would stand up for classical playing. Some of the little
details aren't precise, like some of the carving, for example, but for a guy who
was a blacksmith, they were really, really good."


The discovery of the violins has since prompted Dehn-Reynolds to focus much of
her musical research specifically on the musical traditions of the lower
Penobscot. The Frankfort-Prospect region was once home to a thriving population
of longtime residents and new immigrants, working in the quarries and in
shipbuilding, each with their own musical traditions. Both Edwin and Alvah
Batchelder were regular performers in musical groups throughout the late 19th
and early 20th centuries, including Alvah's very own Allie Batchelder Orchestra.


"These were people who were building ships and working with wood, so it's not
too much of a stretch for them to go into instrument making," said
Dehn-Reynolds. "And these people had their own bands and organizations. There's
also a rich tradition of fiddling in Irish, and French, and English culture. So
there was a lot of music, and music making."


Dehn-Reynolds currently is pursuing a second master's degree in library science
from Simmons College in Boston. Eventually she hopes to write a book about the
fiddle traditions of the region -- and also hopes to raise money to help the
Waldo Peirce Reading Room organize its large archive of historical documents and
ephemera.


"I grew up here, and I grew up going to Fiddle Camp, and I now realize just how
special it was, and how few people know about New England's unique repertoire of
music," said Dehn-Reynolds. "It's very important to me to preserve it."


Emeline Dehn-Reynolds is actively seeking information and especially recordings
of Alvah Batchelder; anyone with information can email
batchelderviolins@gmail.com


Â

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News

                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 7, 2015 Tuesday

'Stradivarius of Frankfort' subject of talk at Waldo Peirce Reading Room

LENGTH: 629 words


by Emily Burnham


of The Weekly Staff


Â


Searsport native Emeline Dehn-Reynolds, a lifelong violinist and a music
scholar, was playing a traditional tune at a contra dance in her adopted home of
New Hampshire, and began to wonder just where that tune came from.


"It's called Batchelder's Reel, and I was very interested in where that name
came from," said Dehn-Reynolds, who grew up attending Maine Fiddle Camp in
Liberty, and who has a master's degree in ethnomusicology from Memorial
University in Newfoundland, Canada. "So I did a little initial research, and lo
and behold, it came from Maine, and this Batchelder was a person, and he was
from Frankfort."


That Batchelder is Alvah Batchelder, who for much of the early 20th century was
one of the finest fiddle makers in New England. Batchelder and his father,
Edwin, were residents of Frankfort during that time, when the region was home to
four times as many people as today, many of whom were Irish and Italian
immigrants, working in the granite quarries and shipyards.


Dehn-Reynolds and her musical partner, University of New Hampshire professor
Peter Yarensky, will give a talk and performance about Batchelder violins and
the rich musical history of fiddling, contra dancing, violin making, and music
in Frankfort, set for 1 p.m. Saturday, July 11, at the Frankfort Congregational
Church in Frankfort. Donations will be accepted.


After that initial discovery about the Batchelders, Dehn-Reynolds investigated
further. She found that a man named Albert Quigley, a friend of Alvah's, brought
the "Batchelder's Reel" tune to New Hampshire. She also found that a fellow
fiddle-playing friend owned one of the just 99 fiddles that Batchelder made --
an instrument she's now in possession of, along with a fiddle made by Edwin
Batchelder, of which there are only a few left in existence. Think of them as
the Stradivarius of Frankfort.


"I would say the Batchelder [violins] are among the finest made in Maine," said
Dehn-Reynolds. "They would stand up for classical playing. Some of the little
details aren't precise, like some of the carving, for example, but for a guy who
was a blacksmith, they were really, really good."


The discovery of the violins has since prompted Dehn-Reynolds to focus much of
her musical research specifically on the musical traditions of the lower
Penobscot. The Frankfort-Prospect region was once home to a thriving population
of longtime residents and new immigrants, working in the quarries and in
shipbuilding, each with their own musical traditions. Both Edwin and Alvah
Batchelder were regular performers in musical groups throughout the late 19th
and early 20th centuries, including Alvah's very own Allie Batchelder Orchestra.


"These were people who were building ships and working with wood, so it's not
too much of a stretch for them to go into instrument making," said
Dehn-Reynolds. "And these people had their own bands and organizations. There's
also a rich tradition of fiddling in Irish, and French, and English culture. So
there was a lot of music, and music making."


Dehn-Reynolds currently is pursuing a second master's degree in library science
from Simmons College in Boston. Eventually she hopes to write a book about the
fiddle traditions of the region -- and also hopes to raise money to help the
Waldo Peirce Reading Room organize its large archive of historical documents and
ephemera.


"I grew up here, and I grew up going to Fiddle Camp, and I now realize just how
special it was, and how few people know about New England's unique repertoire of
music," said Dehn-Reynolds. "It's very important to me to preserve it."


Emeline Dehn-Reynolds is actively seeking information and especially recordings
of Alvah Batchelder; anyone with information can email
batchelderviolins@gmail.com


Â

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News

                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 14, 2010 Saturday

Monroe exhibit to open Sept. 10

BYLINE: Keith Lawrence, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 752 words


Aug. 14--Owensboro's International Bluegrass Music Museum is counting down to
Bill Monroe's 100th birthday on Sept. 13, 2011.

In June, it opened The Bill Monroe Centennial Art Exhibit featuring artwork
inspired by the music by the man known as "the father of bluegrass music." It's
available online at www. bluegrass-museum.org/general/centennialArtExhibit.php

On Sept. 10, The Bill Monroe Exhibit opens at the museum at Second and Daviess
streets.

And The Bill Monroe Centennial Exhibit opens on Monroe's 100th birthday next
year. It will feature artifacts of The Blue Grass Boys -- Monroe's legendary
band.

A crew from Joan Lunden's "World Progress Report" on public television will be
in town next month, taping a 6- to 7-minute segment on the exhibit, said
Gabrielle Gray, the museum's executive director, on Friday.

Next month's exhibit opening coincides with the fifth annual Bill Monroe-Style
Mandolin Camp, which is drawing campers from across the United States, as well
as Australia, Canada and Brazil.

The All-Star Faculty Concert is scheduled for 8 p.m. Sept. 10 in the RiverPark
Center. It follows a 6 p.m. reception in the museum.

The concert features an all-star cast of bluegrass musicians, including
Bluegrass Hall of Fame member Bobby Osborne, Mike Compton, Richie Brown, Skip
Gorman, David Harvey, former Blue Grass Boy Danny Jones and David Peterson,
along with luthiers Will Kimble and Paul Duff.

The fiddle of the late Ohio County musician Pendleton Vandiver will be unveiled
at the museum that night as well.

Monroe immortalized the fiddle in his classic song, "Uncle Pen" -- "Late in the
evening about sundown/High on the hill above the town/Uncle Pen played the
fiddle/Lord, how it would ring/You could hear it talk/You could hear it sing."

Monroe lived with Vandiver outside Rosine for two years -- 1927-29 -- after his
parents died. He traveled with Vandiver to dances in the area, accompanying the
fiddler on mandolin and guitar.

Terry Woodward, vice chairman of the museum's board, now owns the fiddle and has
loaned it to the museum through 2012.

Gray said the fiddle was played recently in recording sessions by Ricky Skaggs,
Stuart Duncan, Fletcher Bright and Tim O'Brien for the sound track for a movie
being made on Monroe's life.

John Carter and Laura Cash -- Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash's son and
daughter-in-law -- have loaned the museum the headstock veneer from Monroe's
1923 F-5 Lloyd Loar mandolin for the exhibit.

Monroe sent his mandolin to the Gibson Guitar Co. in 1963 for a neck reset, new
frets and fingerboard, new tuners, a new bridge and refinishing.

Bluegrass Unlimited recently reported that when Monroe got the mandolin back,
only the neck work had been done.

In anger, Monroe is said to have taken his pocketknife and gouged out the
pearl-inlay logo that read "The Gibson."

He left only the "The" on the veneer.

Monroe played the Gibson-less mandolin for 17 years until the company finally
persuaded him to let it fix the instrument in 1980.

In December, Gray bid on the headstock veneer when it was sold at Christie's in
New York City. But Laura Cash outbid her, winning it for $37,500.

Laura Cash, an accomplished fiddler, is an avid Monroe fan, Gray said.

The Cashs are planning a benefit concert for the museum at a later date, she
said.

"We'll get a big venue for that," Gray said.

The Bill Monroe Exhibit, which opens next month, will include "many of Monroe's
personal artifacts and clothing, records and other items illustrating the impact
of his long and eventful career," she said.

Gray said architectural students from Miami (Ohio) University may be in town for
the exhibit's opening.

The students want to do a class project on creating architectural plans for
turning the state office building into a new International Bluegrass Music
Center, she said.

Tickets to the Sept. 10 exhibit opening and reception are $10.

Tickets to the concert only are $20. Only 125 tickets are available.

Tickets for both are $25.

They're available by calling 926-7891.

Keith Lawrence, 691-7301, klawrence@messenger-inquirer.com

To see more of the Messenger-Inquirer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.messenger-inquirer.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Messenger-Inquirer,
Owensboro, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100814-OW-Monroe-exhibit-to-open-Sept-10-20100814

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2010 Messenger-Inquirer

                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             May 11, 2016 Wednesday

Mongolian music thrills audience in Beijing

BYLINE: He Keyao

LENGTH: 481  words


A traditional Mongolian music concert highlighting the unique "horsehead fiddles
" and Khuumei art thrilled an audience in Beijing on Monday.

The Morin Khuur Ensemble performs at the concert on May 9 [Photo provided to
chinadaily.com.cn]

A traditional Mongolian music concert highlighting the unique "horsehead fiddles
" and Khuumei art thrilled an audience in Beijing on Monday.

As part of the World Music Series - Best of Asia project, a cultural exchange
program that aims to promote intangible cultural heritage, the show was
organized by Embassy of Mongolia, the Ministry of Culture and China's National
Center for Performing Arts.

More than 10 performances were given in Beijing's National Center for the
Performing Arts by the Morin Khuur Ensemble, one the most
internationally-celebrated musical groups of Mongolian culture. The concert
featured folk songs and symphonies. Traditional musical instruments were played,
including the "Morin khuur", or "horsehead fiddles", that became the center of
attention.

"The horsehead fiddle is the most popular instrument among the 400 musical
instruments the Mongolian people have created," Mongolia's ambassador, Tsedenjav
Sukhbaatar, said at the concert's opening. "It is a spiritual item kept at the
most honored place of the Mongolian ger, 'or yurt.' ".

A horsehead fiddle 140 different methods to play and.the strings can produce 100
different tunes and capture the sounds of various human activities, nature and
animals. The instrument is listed as a UNESCO Intangible Heritage of Humanity.

The concert was not only a feast for the ears, but also for the mind and soul.
The beautiful yet fresh melodies carried the audience's imagination to a clear
world with a blue sky, cool breeze, gurgling rivers, wide stretches of grassland
and herds of cattle and sheep.

Another highlight was Khuumei, a particular Mongolian throat singing technique
by which one can produce two voices, both high and low pitched, at the same
time. This drew bursts of applause among the listeners. The concert ended with a
classic Chinese song, Jasmine Flower, bringing the whole event to a climax.

The Morin Khuur Ensemble was established in 1992. As one of the most well-known
Mongolian musical groups and has performed in the world's most famous theaters
in Moscow, Vienna, Milan, Paris, Tokyo and New York. This is the third time it
has performed in Beijing's National Center for the Performing Arts.

Ambassador of Mongolia Tsedenjav Sukhbaatar (center) makes an opening speech at
the event. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn]

The Morin Khuur Ensemble performs at the concert on May 9 [Photo provided to
chinadaily.com.cn]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/18/146296514422.JPG

b083fe955ec0189d457220.JPG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/79/146296514681.jpg

b083fe955ec0189d463a23.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/65/146296514943.jpg

b083fe955ec0189d460c22.jpg

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                             June 30, 2005 Thursday

Eileen Ivers knows her fiddle

BYLINE: KATHLEEN DEELY, Sun Staff

SECTION: MUSIC & NIGHTLIFE

LENGTH: 505 words


You may not think you know Eileen Ivers, but if you're familiar with Riverdance
-- and who isn't, at this point -- you do. She of the fast-as-a-whip fiddle can
make dancers skip in midair and hold an audience spellbound. Take away the
leaping wizards and you've got solid, spine-tingling fiddle.

Ivers brings her blue stringed ax and world music band, Immigrant Soul, to
Boarding House Park Saturday night. It's non-traditional Fourth of July weekend
music, but with lots of music venues taking the weekend off, family barbecues
may be your only option for entertainment, so the Lowell Summer Music Series
opens in the nick of time.

The nine time All-Ireland Fiddle champ is steeped in Irish music, but her sound
is more encompassing then that. Playing for the London Symphony Orchestra,
Boston Pops, The Chieftains and Patti Smith has rounded out the Bronx native's
sound.

Ivers has been called "the Jimi Hendrix of the violin" by The New York Times,
and while that may sound a bit over the top, you will see this woman knows the
fiddle intimately. Her degree in mathematics likely has something to do with her
keen timing on the strings. She's become such a name in the fiddle world that
you can now buy an Eileen Ivers custom blue instrument at music stores. Her
songs run the gamut from offbeat romps like "Flowing Tide," to the wistful
"Bygone Days" and the anthemic "Planxty Loftus Jones."

She tours with several vocalists who interchange on the mike. Her critically
acclaimed Crossing the Bridge CD continues to be a top seller in Celtic music
circles.

Ivers plays the Lowell Summer Music series Saturday at 7:30 p.m. tickets are
$10. Boarding House Park, French Street, Lowell.

TONIGHT: Low-Country Messiahs, featuring Robert Hamilton of the Green Magnet
School, bring their Delta folk to Life Alive in Lowell from 7 to 9 p.m. The
cheery organic cafe is starting to host live music on Thursdays. Next week,
Lowell acoustic singer-songwriter Brian Bergeron performs. Life Alive Urban
Oasis and Organic Cafe, 194 Middle St., Lowell, 978-453-1311.

TOMORROW: Hot Day at the Zoo, Lowell's favorite honky-tonk bluegrass band, opens
the Lowell Farmer's Market tomorrow at noon. Besides shopping for cucumbers,
tomatoes and those exotic Cambodian fruits, you can listen to the band kick out
the jams as you pick out the jams. JKF Plaza, Arcand Drive, Lowell.

Catie Curtis and Melissa Ferrick open the Lowell Summer Music Series at Boarding
House Park at 7:30 p.m.

Tween heartthrob Aaron Carter is at the Hampton Beach Casino Ballroom. Tickets
are $23. Hampton Beach Casino Ballroom, 169 Ocean Boulevard, Hampton Beach,
N.H., 603-929-4100.


TIX UPDATE: Mindy Smith, who has enjoyed great buzz all year with her
country-tinged tunes, plays Tupelo Music Hall July 29 at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are
$25. Tupelo Music Hall, 2 Young Road, Londonderry, N.H., 603-437-5100.

Kathleen Deely's e-mail address is kdeely@lowellsun.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.

                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             August 12, 2011 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

From Sweden with love

BYLINE: JIM WALSH, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: VARIETY; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 780 words



HIGHLIGHT: Age-old fiddle music and a brand new self-made CD cement the bond
among a bunch of Swedish and Minnesota kids who've played together for years.


Special to the Star Tribune

At Leonardo's Basement, a DIY arts laboratory in south Minneapolis, summer is
busy with vacationing youth groups looking to get their creative freak on. Last
week, a gaggle of teens in a photography class bustled around the basement's
four big rooms and hallway with cameras and darkroom duties, while another group
learned the art of welding and metal sculpture, and still another learned how to
make water fountains -- all to the live soundtrack of violins being played as
beautifully as musical instruments can be played.

The music came courtesy of 20 fiddlers from Sweden and Minnesota, ages 13 to 23,
known as the International Fiddle Conspiracy. Last week the fiddlers built a
studio in Leonardo's Basement -- erecting soundproof walls, hooking up speakers,
microphones and computers -- so they could record, mix and master a full-length
CD.

The hot-off-the-burner discs will be available for sale when the group plays
three sets Sunday afternoon at the Irish Fair of Minnesota, on St. Paul's
Harriet Island.

"They just really wanted to do something that they could keep," said Kimberly
Kelly-Sommer, director of the IFC's umbrella group, the Young Fiddlers
Association of Minnesota. "The core group of eight have been together since
2005, and as the kids are getting older, some are going to college and it's
getting harder to get them all together. So making a CD will be a great memory.

"It's lifetime friendships, it's the musical language they share. We've watched
their English grow and they've watched us not get any better at Swedish. They
all hang out and talk, and then they pick up their instruments and say, 'Let's
play this.'"

Spend even a short amount of time with the fiddlers, and it's abundantly clear
that they play for the sheer love of playing. When one picks up a fiddle, a few
others hear the call and hover, bumblebee-like, over the flame-sound, and fall
in.

"It's so much fun, and it's a tradition back home," said Malin Tornqvist, 22,
who hails from Uppsala, Sweden. "Everyone plays the fiddle back home. If you
meet five people, four will play fiddle. I'm so glad my dad forced me to do that
when I was a little kid, because you see I am in America and playing the fiddle
like I wanted to do."

The idea of recording the group came from Xander Nielsen, the 14-year-old son of
Leonardo's program director, Tracy Nielsen. "It's just an incredible world for
Xander to have been able to have stepped into," his mother said, "because
they're an incredible group of people, and they're so ensconced in their music."

Xander has been fiddling since he was 9. "It's just so pretty," he said, his
voice softening in reverence to the power and tradition of Swedish fiddle music.
"There's lots more to it than the music, actually. It's just playing it, and
being there."

More so than many other types of roots music, Swedish fiddling is robust and
fragile, hypnotic and haunting. The deeply layered waltzes and polkas are
steeped in ancient roots, dark loves and dramatic lives, all played with a
wind-instrument-like delicacy that conjures the stuff of Narnia, Nottingham and
other worlds. It is, in a word, transporting.

"I think it's reflecting the nature and landscape of our area," said Tornqvist.
"We have a big lake, Lake Siljan, and around it is this mountain or hills. So
it's really blue and then it's really green. It's really beautiful. So I think
that when most of the tunes are written, they are sitting on a bench and looking
at the nature. You can hear the feelings in the songs."

The tunes the fiddlers chose for their CD are, according to Tornqvist, "one year
or 400 years old." And according to the group's director, teacher and spiritual
leader, Margaretha Mattson, they might have more in common with the more
boisterous Irish fiddle music than folks attending Irish Fair might think.

"You can dance to this music," said Mattson, who has "taught many, many students
for many, many years" in Sweden. "It's a traditional music, and our grandparents
grew up listening to this music and of course learned the tunes by heart.

"We have been to Ireland and played with Irish musicians, and that is why we
have grown so close to them: happy music. Yeah. Now the [young fiddlers] have
the music and they can make friends all over the world. It makes life so easy.
If you can be friends with the music, you can't shoot people. It's peace and
love. Yeah. Peace and love."

THE INTERNATIONAL FIDDLE CONSPIRACY

What: Performing at the Irish Fair of Minnesota.

When: Sunday at 3, 4 and 5:30 p.m.

What: Irish on Grand Children's Area/Celtic Junction Stage, Harriet Island,
downtown St. Paul.

Admission: Free.

Info: www.irishfair.com

www.youngfiddlers.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                                  June 7, 2012

Captivating concert at Drishane

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 352 words


A MOST moving performance met with a standing ovation and an encore from a
Millstreet strings fiddle concert hosted in the Drishane Chapel last Friday
night.

The presentation delighted an appreciative audience for a group mostly drawn
from Millstreet Community School. Expertly conducted by Emer Twomey, traditional
and classical music featured in the fiddle concert in the acoustically sanctuary
of the historic church.

The Drishane presentation saw the Strings group imbued with energy and
exuberance in their first major public outing. Indeed audience members expressed
delight at the fine balance of the young participants, their tone light and
expressive to the fore in the perfect setting.

Those performing convened as a fiddle group last September and will participate
in an International Youth Fiddle Camp at the North Atlantic Fiddle Convention in
Derry from June 27- 30.

Activities during the Youth Fiddle Camp will include workshops with leading
international fiddle players and participation in the performance of a newly
commissioned fiddle piece by a noted traditional composer Neil Martin and
performance.

The convention attracts musicians and dancers from around the North Atlantic
such as Ireland, the UK, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Denmark, the USA and Canada.

The Millstreet Strings group are looking forward to the Derry staging after
bringing their Drishane presentation to a resounding close. Conductor Emer
Twomey applauded the young group for their superb efforts in addition to paying
tribute to the Duggan family for permitting the use of the Drishane Chapel,
parents, families and sponsors of raffle prizes.

"A beautiful setting for heavenly music. And a big thank you to all the people
who attended the concert and to the lovely compliments and wonderful feedback.
Also we were very grateful to the Duggan family for the use of the chapel for
the concert", she said.

Participants in the Millstreet Strings are Bridelle Cronin, Emma Hickey, Sarah
Dennehy, Muireann Murphy, Alannah Barry, Kelly Murphy, Maura Buckley, Orla
Kiely, Emer Twomey, Danny O'Callaghan, Conor Daly and Darren Kiely.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                                  June 7, 2012

Captivating concert at Drishane

SECTION:

LENGTH: 352 words


A MOST moving performance met with a standing ovation and an encore from a
Millstreet strings fiddle concert hosted in the Drishane Chapel last Friday
night.

The presentation delighted an appreciative audience for a group mostly drawn
from Millstreet Community School. Expertly conducted by Emer Twomey, traditional
and classical music featured in the fiddle concert in the acoustically sanctuary
of the historic church.

The Drishane presentation saw the Strings group imbued with energy and
exuberance in their first major public outing. Indeed audience members expressed
delight at the fine balance of the young participants, their tone light and
expressive to the fore in the perfect setting.

Those performing convened as a fiddle group last September and will participate
in an International Youth Fiddle Camp at the North Atlantic Fiddle Convention in
Derry from June 27- 30.

Activities during the Youth Fiddle Camp will include workshops with leading
international fiddle players and participation in the performance of a newly
commissioned fiddle piece by a noted traditional composer Neil Martin and
performance.

The convention attracts musicians and dancers from around the North Atlantic
such as Ireland, the UK, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Denmark, the USA and Canada.

The Millstreet Strings group are looking forward to the Derry staging after
bringing their Drishane presentation to a resounding close. Conductor Emer
Twomey applauded the young group for their superb efforts in addition to paying
tribute to the Duggan family for permitting the use of the Drishane Chapel,
parents, families and sponsors of raffle prizes.

"A beautiful setting for heavenly music. And a big thank you to all the people
who attended the concert and to the lovely compliments and wonderful feedback.
Also we were very grateful to the Duggan family for the use of the chapel for
the concert", she said.

Participants in the Millstreet Strings are Bridelle Cronin, Emma Hickey, Sarah
Dennehy, Muireann Murphy, Alannah Barry, Kelly Murphy, Maura Buckley, Orla
Kiely, Emer Twomey, Danny O'Callaghan, Conor Daly and Darren Kiely.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           February 12, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Alberta Ballet headlines signature event; Province flexes its arts and cultural
muscles

BYLINE: Calgary Herald

SECTION: ROAD TO 2010; Pg. R13

LENGTH: 461  words


It promises to be Alberta as most people have never seen us before. Our province
will flex its arts and culture muscles from February 1 to March 21, 2009, as
Vancouver and Whistler host an advance taste of the Cultural Olympiad. A unique
range of Alberta performerswillcombinewesternrootswitheverything from ballet to
Motown. Alberta artists have proven themselves to be among the most innovative
and exciting anywhere. Here's a sample of those who will be wowing the crowds in
Vancouver and Whistler.

Alberta Ballet

Alberta Ballet will be presenting an excerpt from The Fiddle and the Drum. An
extremely moving work set to the music of Canada's internationally revered queen
of song, Joni Mitchell, the ballet deals with the themes of environmental
neglect and the warring nature of humankind. At its full length, the ballet
interprets 14 of Mitchell's songs.

Mitchell chose to work with the Alberta Ballet, and it was an extraordinary
meeting of minds and talents. The Fiddle and the Drum debuted in 2007 to
celebrate AlbertaBallet's40thanniversaryandhasgrabbedmedia attention all over
the world, as far away as Israel and Mexico.

The Fiddle and the Drum excerpt will be presented at the Cultural Olympiad's
signature event, known as the One Year Countdown. Alberta Ballet will share this
outstanding bill with Sarah MacLachlan and Joel Plaskett.

Woodpigeon

An eight-member Calgary-based band, Woodpigeon will use the Cultural Olympiad to
boost their profile in Canada. The band is better known in the UK and Europe,
where they've enjoyed touring since their 2006 debut album, Songbook. Their
combination of folk and pop sounds has sold out shows and won rave reviews.
Asani

A contemporary Aboriginal women's trio from Edmonton, Asani combines the
traditional influences of FirstNationsandMetismusicwiththeirownblendof
traditionalvocals, andaninfusionofjazz, folkandblues. Taking their name from the
Cree word for"rock,"Asani has been captivating audiences around the world with
their breathtaking harmonies, dynamic vocal artistry and powerful rhythmic
style.

Laura Vinson

Born in Brule, Laura Vinson has had a rich music career, first in folk and
country, and more recently in mixing traditional aboriginal and contemporary
performance styles. Vinson, her four piece band and accompanying aboriginal
dancers have performed at festivals around the world. Michael Bernard Fitzgerald

A 21 year-old Calgary-based singer/songwriter, Fitzgerald has only been
performing since 2005. His music has been described as a mixture of pop, funk
and smooth vocals, showing the acoustic influence of Ben Harper and Jack
Johnson, with a touch of Motown and Marvin Gaye.

To find out when and where these Alberta artists will be appearing during the
Cultural Olympiad, check out vancouver2010.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Courtesy Of Charles Hope; Alberta Ballet perform Joni Mitchell's
The Fiddle and the Drum ;
Colour Photo: Courtesy Of Charles Hope; ;
Colour Photo: Courtesy Of Donald Lee; ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Kokomo Tribune (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 13, 2015 Monday

Karrnnel brings energy, variety on fiddle in KCC production

BYLINE: Martin Slagter, Kokomo Tribune, Ind.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 414 words


April 13--As a lifelong player of the fiddle, Karrnnel has seen his music
progress to include styles ranging from Canadian Old Time, Ukrainian, Scottish,
Bluegrass and jazz.

When he visits Kokomo, those styles will be on display, but the focus will
remain on the fiddle as he presents "The Fiddle -- Past, Present & Future," at
2:30 p.m. on April 19 in the Kokomo High School Auditorium. Karrnnel's
performance is a sponsored by Kokomo Community Concerts.

The Canadian instrumentalist hopes his performance will be educational but
entertaining as he makes a stop in Kokomo in the middle of a tour of the U.S.

"Obviously the show is about the fiddle, first and foremost, but it will focus
on the traditional side of it as well as a lot of different styles and genres
that I play," he said. "Some of the songs will include sing-alongs to get the
audience into it. For me, it's all about the energy and putting it all out there
and seeing what kind of response I get back."

Karrnnel will be joined by band members Daniel Koulack and Nate Douglas, who
will accompany him while he provides an overview of the history of the fiddle,
where fiddle music stands in contemporary music and the "future" of the
instrument.

"No one really knows what the future holds, but I'm going to try to relate that
portion of the show to my own musical future," he said. "Hopefully fiddle music
will grow and become more of a mainstream instrument."

Karrnnel has been a nominee for "Instrumental Solo Artist of the Year" by the
Canadian Folk Music Awards in 2009 and for the Independent Music Awards in 2012.
He was the winner of Instrumental Album of the Year in the Western Canadian
Music Awards with his 2014 album "Fretless."

Kokomo Community Concerts publicity chair Mary Rusch said Karrnnel stands out as
an energetic performer who is versatile as a fiddle player.

"It will be a good, foot-stomping concert," he said. "I was impressed with the
variety of music he was able to play. He's an exciting performer and he makes
sure the audience gets excited about his music."

Single tickets for the concert are available at the door for $20, and students
are admitted for free with school ID.  Season tickets also are available for
$45.

For more information call 765-210-0686 or visit www.kokomocommunityconcerts.org
or the Kokomo Community Concerts Facebook page.

___ (c)2015 the Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo, Ind.) Visit the Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo,
Ind.) at www.kokomotribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150413-KO-Karrnnel-brings-energy-variety-on-fiddle
-in-KCC-production-0413-20150413

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KO


                         Copyright 2015 Kokomo Tribune

                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            March 10, 2011 Thursday

Mac McDonald: There are no rules when celebrating holidays these days

BYLINE: MAC McDONALD Mac About Town

SECTION: MUSIC; Columnists

LENGTH: 847 words


OK, what's going on around here? Mardi Gras was Tuesday past, yet Monterey rock
band Vybe is playing a Mardi Gras party Friday night at Mucky Duck.

St. Patrick's Day isn't until next Thursday, yet the renowned Black Brothers
(Shay and Michael) of the East Bay, by way of Dublin (Ireland, not California),
performs Saturday night at The Works in Pacific Grove.

And, a concert called "Saint Paddy Meets Dr. Jazz" takes place Friday night at
the Pacific Coast Church in Pacific Grove and features a Celtic band, Sweetfire
playing with a jazz band led by pianist Bob Phillips.

What's next, an Easter concert this Sunday featuring a reggae band? Close, but
not quite.

Popular Monterey reggae band Jonah & the Whale Watchers plays Friday night at
Bullwacker's on Cannery Row, while Tony Miles and The Midtones play Saturday
night at Jose's Underground Lounge, which had been the exclusive domain of metal
and edgy indie rock bands.

Not only that, but Carmel's Sunset Center will be turned into Wembley Stadium
when the Queen tribute show "One Night of Queen" takes over the venerable space,
complete with Queen-inspired concert lighting. (Check out the story in this
week's issue of GO!)

Oddly enough (but perhaps not so given St. Patrick's Day is not far off), there
are a lot of violins/fiddles in play this week, not the least of which is one of
the finest fiddle players this country has ever produced, Byron Berline, playing
with his band Tuesday night at Planet Gemini.

Berline has not only been a member of the iconic Bill Monroe and the Bluegrass
Boys, but also Dillard & Clark, Country Gazette and Sundance, all beloved
bluegrass bands, but has recorded with artists ranging from The Byrds, the Band
and The Eagles, to the Rolling Stones, Bob Dylan and Elton John. In fact, he's
the fiddler on the Stones' classic "Country Honk."

Berline has also performed and composed many film and commercial soundtracks and
now owns a fiddle shop in Oklahoma, the Double Stop Fiddle Shop.

This is an early show,

7:30 p.m., with tickets at $18 advance, available at Planet Gemini, or $20 door.
There will be a special appearance by Carmel Valley musician Bill Ingram.

For more on Berline, go to www.doublestop.com .

Other violinists/fiddlers playing this week include Laurel Thomsen with
Sweetfire; Gypsy jazz fiddle with Hot Club of Watsonville Saturday night at the
London Bridge Pub in Monterey; and the women of honeymoon, opening for Truth &
Salvage Co. Saturday night at Fernwood (they switch off instruments often, but I
believe Sara Bollwinkel is the primary violinist).

Joining Thomsen on Sweetfire (which will also play next Saturday, March 19 at
The Alternative Cafe   a bit closer to St. Patrick's Day), will be Janna Heller
on guitar, Andrew Gilhooley on percussion and Shannon Miller on vocals.

Miller will also sing with the Phillips trio.

Tickets for the 7 p.m. Friday night show are $15 advance, available by calling
372-2971 or $18 at the door.

One of the area's favorite sons, singer-songwriter Mike Beck, comes back home
for his first show Saturday night at The Roost House in Carmel Valley.

Beck will undoubtedly be playing from his deep catalog of original cowboy and
American-rock tunes, including such favorites as "Amanda Come Home," "Oildale"
and his latest song, one that's been getting a ton of airplay on KPIG, "Summer
of Love."

Details of the show and location of venue can be found by e-mailing your name
and particulars to roosthouse@gmail.com . Info at www.roosthouse.com . Show is
at 8 p.m., doors open at 7:30 and suggsted donation is $12, which goes directly
to the artist.

Another local, Bay Area (although now based in Southern California)
singer-songwriter Amanda Holmes returns to one of her favorite venues, East
Village Coffee Lounge in Monterey, this Friday night at 8.

Holmes is touring in support of her fourth and latest album,"Chasing the Sun,"
and this is her fourth coastal road trip.

A heartfelt and free-spirited performer who wears her emotions on her sleeve,
Holmes apparently is quite the acrobat. Last time at East Village she challenged
the audience to fill her tip jar and if they did, she would walk around on her
hands. They did, and she did too, for a few minutes, to the delight of the
audience.

Grammy award-winning producer Glen Ballard described her music as having "a
refreshing earthiness and honesty in her writing and delivery that transcends
trends and lives in a timeless category."

Opening this free show will be Ray Padilla and Stephen Covell.

Dropped in last week on Cuz's Sportsman's Club weekly Thursday night jam and was
pleasantly surprised. Led by drummer David Serrano, it was a lively scene, with
some blues, soul and rock tunes performed by a number of jammers, including Howe
Cochran on guitar and Nancy Jones sitting in on vocals.

That's 8:30-11:30 p.m. at the Sportsman's, 584 Broadway in Seaside. Serrano's
calling it a "Home Jam" for all the "local homeys."GO!

www.amandaholmes.com
 www.mikebeck.com
 www.nancyjonesmusic.com
 www.fallenhigh.com
 www.tonymilesband.com
 www.myspace.com/themidtones
 www.myspace.com/counterclockwiseworld

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mike Beck
Amanda Holmes
Byron Berline
Hot Club of Watsonville
K Mello & the UnDecided

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Donegal on Sunday (including Sunday Journal)

                                 August 1, 2010

Annual Donegal Fiddle School in Glencolumbkille

BYLINE: Connie Duffy

LENGTH: 325 words



HIGHLIGHT: The 25th annual Donegal Fiddle School in Glencolumbkille gets under
way this coming Tuesday and last until Friday (August 2-6).


Hosted by Cairdeas na bhFidiléirí, it is generally referred to simply as Fiddle
Week.

The school caters for all levels from absolute beginners through to advanced
players, of a very wide age range. Fees for tuition for the week are EUR140,
classes run from 10am -12.30pm and 2pm - 4pm each day.

The organisers are particularly keen to help keep the Donegal fiddle tradition
alive within the county and offer a rate of EUR95 for children from Donegal and
if a family has several budding fiddlers they offer family discounts too.

As ever there will be students participating from all over Donegal, Ireland, UK,
France, Germany, Netherlands, Switzerland, USA and the element of surprise
always operates as to just who else will turn up and from where!

Teachers during Fiddle Week this year are:Claire Gallagher, Stephen Gallagher,
John Byrne

Thomas Strain, Tara Conaghan, Ciaran Ó Maonaigh, Derek McGinley, Aidan
O'Donnell, Mick Brown, Martin McGinley and Ronan Galvin.

The day time events will feature a lecture on the music of John and Mickey
Doherty by Conor Caldwell on Wednesday in Oideas Gael at 4.30 pm. Conor is a
fiddle player and music academic from Belfast with a longstanding interest in
Donegal fiddle playing and a particular interest in the music of the Doherty's.

On Thursday there are dance classes in Halla Mhuire between 10am -12.30pm and
2pm - 4.pm which will give everyone a chance to learn or brush up on their
highlands, mazurkas etc, before the evening dances.

The evening events include a fiddle concert on Tuesday in the Folk Village
featuring Aidan O'Donnell, Martin McGinley, Ronan Galvin

and other guests. On Thursday night there will be a fiddle dance in H

Halla Mhuire featuring Jimmy Campbell and friends while at the same venue the
following night there will be another fiddle concert featuring Vincent Campbell,
Ciaran Ó Maonaigh and other guests

All of these evening are open to the public,. Admission is EUR10 and all begin
at 9pm

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DGOS


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           November 22, 2012 Thursday

CHILDSPLAY RETURNS, WITH LISSA SCHNECKENBURGER AS SINGER

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 314 words


Wednesday November 21, 2012

PUTNEY -- Childsplay, the popular all-star collective of fiddlers devoted to
instruments made by Bob Childs, returns to the area for a performance on Friday,
Nov. 30, at 8 p.m., at Landmark College's Greenhoe Theatre.

Childsplay is the ultimate fiddle choir, a joyful familial fiddle celebration
that features some of the best fiddlers in the nation, from Boston Symphony
violinists to all-Ireland and national Scottish fiddle champions.

Supporting the 12 fiddlers on stage is an all-star band, including all-Ireland
harpist Kathleen Guilday, flutist Shannon Heaton, from Touchstone Mark Roberts,
Vermont guitarist Keith Murphy and Ralph Gordon on bass, along with step-dancer
Nic Gareiss.

This year's tour will introduce audiences to the singing of Lissa
Schneckenburger from Brattleboro, whose pure voice is known for its sweet
emotive clarity. Schneckenburger replaces Aiofe O'Donovan of Crooked Still fame,
who has left Childsplay to pursue a solo career.

Other Brattleboro area performers in Childsplay include Keith Murphy, Naomi
Morse and Sam Amidon.

What is unique about Childsplay is that all the violinists and fiddlers perform
on instruments made for them by violinmaker Bob Childs. The special sound of
Childsplay lies not only in the skill of the musicians but also in the warm
familial timbre of the instruments they play -- a quality similar to the vocal
blending of singers from the same family.

From rural dance halls to The Smithsonian Institute in Washington D.C., and from
world music audiences in Europe to public radio listeners at home, Childsplay
has introduced thousands of people to traditional and contemporary Irish,
Quebeçois, Cape Breton, bluegrass, Appalachian and Scandinavian fiddle music, as
well as jazz, swing and classical music.

Tickets are $20. For more information about Childsplay or to order tickers,
visitwww.childsplay.org .

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              May 10, 1996, Friday

Obituary: Dale Potter

BYLINE: Paul Wadey

SECTION: OBITUARIES; Page  14

LENGTH: 607 words


Many connoisseurs regard Dale Potter as the finest fiddler in the history of
country music.

Buddy Spicher, himself a fine bowman, had few doubts: "Dale Potter is the
greatest of all time. His superb double and triple stops set him miles ahead of
anybody else." The singer Carl Smith, with whom Potter played in the Fif-ties,
noted: "He was one of the pioneers, along with Bob Wills, Spade Cooley and a few
others, who had a different style."

This last remark would have pleased Potter, who always cited Wills, known as
"The King of Western Swing", as his principal inspiration.

Potter's most enduring legacy is likely to prove the series of records he cut as
a session player supporting the likes of Hank Williams, Webb Pierce, Kitty Wells
and Ray Price. His characteristic heavy bowing style adorns many of the finest
tracks cut in Nashville from the late Forties to the late Fifties, and has
proved highly influential.

In March 1949 he played alongside the electric guitarist Zeb Turner, steel
guitarist Don Davis and the rhythm guitarist Jack Shook on two Hank Williams
sessions. Among the numbers cut were Leon Payne's "Lost Highway", and three
songs by Hank Williams, "May You Never Be Alone", "Mind Your Own Business" and
"You're Gonna Change (Or I'm Gonna Leave)". Later that same year Potter played
alongside the guitarist Hank "Sugarfoot" Garland on Red Foley's classic
"Sugarfoot Rag".

In 1952 he joined Homer and Jethro, Chet Atkins and the steel guitarist Jerry
Byrd to cut an album as the Country All-Stars. Entitled Jazz From The Hills and
featuring stunning numbers like "Fiddle Sticks", it is now widely available on
the German label Bear Family.

A native of Missouri, Allen Dale Potter had begun playing the fiddle as a child,
winning several important contests before he reached his teens.  He performed on
local radio before moving to Arkansas and teaming up with the guitarist Thomas
"Butterball" Paige. Together they headed for Nashville, eventually recording
some now rare sides for the Bullet record label.  Paige joined Ernest Tubb's
Texas Troubadors, while Potter opted for Milton Estes' Musical Millers. At the
age of 18 he made his debut at the Grand Ole Opry, the country music radio
station; work with Hank Williams and other stars of the era quickly followed.

Although Potter's musical career was interrupted by military service in Korea,
it easily resumed when he returned to Nashville. He recorded extensively with
Webb Pierce and Carl Smith and at the end of the Fifties even performed with
"the father of Bluegrass Music", Bill Monroe.

He seemed somewhat unsettled after this point, moving first to Las Vegas, where
he played in Judy Lynn's band, then Hawaii and Dallas. There was however, to be
one last flowering of his talent as he cut three albums for R.M Stone's
Houston-based label, Stoneway: The Unique Fiddle Style of Dale Potter and
Country Waltz Time - recorded within two days of each other in July 1977 - and
Super Fiddle (1979). These feature popular fiddle tunes including "Listen To The
Mockingbird" and "Black Mountain Rag" alongside western swing standards like
"Faded Love" and "Maiden's Prayer" and are now much sought after by collectors.

Potter remained an inspiration for his fellow fiddlers, and not just in terms of
his playing. As Buddy Spicher concluded: "The things I like best about Dale
Potter are his gentle attitude and kind heart. He will take pains to show
another fiddle player anything he wants to know, and he's always sharing new
ideas."

Allen Dale Potter, fiddler: born Puxico, Missouri 28 April 1929; died 14 March
1996.


LOAD-DATE: May 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Independent Print Ltd

                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       May 13, 1994, Friday, City Edition

String fever breaks out

BYLINE: NANO RILEY

SECTION: WEEKEND; On The Town; MUSIC PREVIEW; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 795 words



Banjos, fiddles and other high, lonesome sounds will ring out from under the
live oaks in Seminole City Park on Sunday. The 18th Annual Seminole Bluegrass
and Art Festival gets under way with great music from a variety of local
bluegrass, folk and traditional musicians.

Champion fiddler Eddie Barrs returns for his 18th consecutive appearance  with
his band, Greenwater Bluegrass.

"I've been playing at the festival since it began," said Barrs. "It's  quite an
event - a fun day."

Barrs, a five-time fiddle champ at the Florida State Bluegrass Festival in
Auburndale, is self-taught. By his own estimate, he has played for 40 to 45
years.

"I've won it (Florida State Fiddle Championship) more times than anyone  else,"
said Barrs.

"He really personifies traditional bluegrass, like Bill Monroe and Flatt &
Scruggs," said Sandy Holloway, music coordinator and one of the festival's
founders. "The festival is really a blend of folk and traditional, even a
little progressive acoustic music, so there's something for everybody. But
there's no drums."

The 97th Regimental String Band will play pre-1880 music and their popular
Civil War songs. The group's music was played in the ABC miniseries, North and
South.

"We want to bring the music back to the people it came from," said Rick  Moock,
bass fiddle player for the group. "We like people to sing along like  they did
before electricity because we think music is for participation, it's  not just a
spectator sport."

Other members of the 97th Regimental String Band are Mark "Mad Dog" Luce,
guitar and vocals, and VGO, on banjo, fiddle and mandolin. The group has
released several albums on Smooth Bore Music in Largo.

Lance Lubin, who plays with the Porch Dogs, will be master of ceremonies  for
the show, which kicks off at noon with the group Something Special playing  a
mix of folk and bluegrass.

Also appearing at the festival will be Silver Lining, a youthful family  band
making waves here and in Nashville. The Wolfe family siblings - fiddler  Mike,
13; sister Jaimie, 15, who plays banjo; and brother Steve, 17, on bass -  got a
thrill last year when they were invited to play on the Grand Ole Opry's
mainstage during a Nashville festival. The busy young musicians are planning  an
October tour of Japan, where they will be part of a cultural-exchange  program
headlined by Charlie Daniels.

Southwind, an acoustic group, will showcase its eclectic blend of music and
tight harmonies that keeps the group on the roster of the Seminole festival,
and the stage of the Florida Folk Festival at White Springs as well.

Other groups performing Sunday will be the Porch Dogs, a traditional  bluegrass
band; Mary Ann Dinella and Glen Geiger, a folk music duo; the Green  Grass
Revival, bluegrass and folk; and Gypsy Wind, which plays everything from  hot
Django Rhinehart-style jazz to traditional bluegrass and "dawg" music, a  style
of progressive bluegrass inspired by virtuosos David Grisman and Tony  Rice.

For those who like country dance, the Limited Edition Cloggers will perform
their fancy footwork for the first time at the festival.

In addition to music, there will be more than 50 artists, craftspeople and
vendors displaying wares of all sorts. Hand painted T-shirts, jewelry,
Adirondack furniture, stained glass, leather work and watercolor paintings are
some of the offerings.

One display will be photographs of the Seminole Indians taken by Peter
Gallagher, an original member of Green Grass Revival and the Special Projects
Director for the Seminole Tribe of Florida. Proceeds from the sale of the
photos will go to dancers of the Discover Native America powwows held several
times a year around the Southeast. (One of the photos is featured on today's
Weekend cover.)

The festival will have lots for the kids, too. There will be a petting zoo, a
magic show, crafts and free bucket rides from Florida Power. The event is
sponsored by the Seminole Junior Women's Club, and all of the proceeds benefit
children's charities.  FESTIVAL LINEUP:

Noon - Something Special

12:45 - Greenwater Bluegrass

1:30 - Mary Ann DiNella and Glenn Geiger

2 - Porch Dogs

2:45 - 97th Regimental String Band

3:30 - Southwind

4 - Silver Lining

4:30 - Limited Edition Cloggers

5 - Gypsy Wind

5:30 - Green Grass Revival

MUSIC PREVIEW

The 18th Annual Seminole Bluegrass and Art Festival runs from 11 a.m. to 6  p.m.
Sunday at Seminole City Park, 7464 Ridge Road (74th Avenue N and Ridge  Road) in
Seminole. Admission is $ 4 for adults. Children under 12 with an adult  are
free. For information, call 398-7342 or 593-1094.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, (2); COLOR MAP; The 97th Regimental String Band, (NOP);
Photo of a Seminole Indian in tribal dress., (ran cover); Location of the
Bluegrass festival in Seminole Park off of Park Blvd and Ridge Rd.

                            Times Publishing Company

                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             June 26, 2008 Thursday

Music briefs

BYLINE: Entertainment

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 282 words


Beaucoup Blue plays Friday

BRATTLEBORO -- Twilight Music presents an evening of acoustic blues and
Americana music with Beaucoup Blue, the Philadelphia-based father and son team
of David and Adrian Mowry, at the Hooker-Dunham Theater & Gallery, 139 Main St.,
on Friday at 8 p.m.

Rooted in the blues, but bridging many gaps in American music, the duo's soulful
traditional and contemporary style meshes into an innovative and authentic
sound.

Tickets for the show are $12 general, $10 for students and seniors. For ticket
reservations and information, call 802-254-9276.

Duo highlights its Appalachian roots

BRATTLEBORO -- Mr. "Ten Toe Percussion," Ira Bernstein, returns to Brattleboro
in Appalachian Roots with Riley Baugus on Tuesday, July 1, at 7:30 p.m., at the
New England Youth Theatre, 100 Flat St.

Appalachian Roots is a duo show by Bernstein and virtuoso old-time musician and
singer Riley Baugus of Walkertown, N.C. The performance will be a mix of
traditional dance, song and instrumental music from the southern Appalachian
region of the U.S., with a few international twists thrown in. These include
percussive flatfooting and buckdancing, tap dancing, French-Canadian step
dancing, English clogging, South African boot dancing, hambone, fiddle tunes and
fiddle sticks by Bernstein.

Baugus will sing southern Appalachian songs and ballads, play old-time banjo and
fiddle tunes and do a little mountain preaching. There will also be a good dose
of fiddle and banjo,and double fiddle duets by the duo. Appalachian Roots is an
old-time music and dance variety show chock full of humor and skill.

For information, call 802-254-8684. Admission is $15 for adults and $10 for
children and seniors.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             January 7, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

REAL WESTERN EXPERIENCE Culture part of package

BYLINE: Joey Bunch The Denver Post NATIONAL WESTERN STOCK SHOW & RODEO

SECTION: Pg. S-05

LENGTH: 482 words


To say the West comes alive in Denver during the National Western Stock Show is
no exaggeration.

The 100-acre National Western Complex at Brighton Boulevard and Interstate 25 is
a destination for livestock, rodeo cowboys, ranch hands, antique farm equipment
and millionaire cattle barons - the same as it's been for much of the show's
105-year run.

"The National Western has the purest Western experience you'll find anywhere in
the United States - the animals, the history, the cultural events, the rodeos
several times a day," said Paul Andrews, the show's chief executive.

During the first two days, the Colorado Rocky Mountain Fiddle Championships
bring hundreds of musicians - from small children to gray-haired gentlemen - to
play the music that helped win the West.

The fiddle championships are from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and Sunday in the
Beef Palace Auction Arena adjacent to the Expo Hall, downstairs from the
Cattleman's Grill. The fiddle show is free with a grounds admission ticket.

Also covered in the general admission is the Coors Western Art Exhibit on the
third floor of the Expo Hall.

The exhibit includes more than 200 works by 61 artists who share their
interpretations of the West in a variety of media. This year's featured artist
is sculptor Steve Kestrel, a New Mexico resident whose family cattle ranch also
raised and trained quarter horses. He studied natural sciences at Eastern New
Mexico University and sculpture at Colorado State University.

Denver's display of the cowboy culture isn't limited to the stock show, however.

The Denver Art Museum has a new exhibition, "Western Horizons: Landscapes from
the Contemporary Realism Collection," a look at the West through the eyes of
modern artists in 25 paintings in the Hamilton Building's Dietler Gallery of
Western American Art.

Tickets are $10 for museum members and $20 for nonmembers.

The museum is on West 13th Avenue between Broadway and Bannock Street in
downtown Denver.

The show is open each Tuesday to Thursday and Saturdays 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.,
Fridays 10 a.m. to 10 p.m., and Sundays from noon to 5 p.m.

The 22nd annual Colorado Cowboy Gathering returns to Denver Jan. 21-22 at the
Ranum Auditorium Theater, at 2401 W. 80th Ave.

The gathering kicks off with a concert at 7:30 p.m. Jan. 21 with Riders in the
Sky, with Carol Heuchan, Liz Masterson and Andy Nelson.

The Jan. 22 poetry sessions are from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Featured poets and
musicians include Jon Chandler, Deb Carpenter-Nolting, Doris Daley, Mark Gardner
& Rex Rideout, Carol Heuchan, Susie Knight, Liz Masterson, Al "Doc" Mehl, Andy
Nelson, Tim Nolting, John Schaffner, Milton Taylor, Pop Wagner, Barry Ward and
the Yampa Valley Boys.

The Saturday night show features Waddie Mitchell with Jon Chandler and Doris
Daley.

Concert tickets range from $25 to $49, and admission for daytime poetry is $15.

Tickets are available at ColoradoCowboyGathering.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Special Section

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Maryland: MD State Banjo, Fiddle & Mandolin Championships

LENGTH: 144  words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis: The State of Maryland has issued the following news release:



  MD State Banjo, Fiddle & Mandolin Championships

 Start Date:     10/14/2016

 End Date:     10/14/2016    End Time:     Midnight

 Event Description:



 Banjo, Fiddle & Mandolin State Championships; back for its 49th year! The best
sounds of the Appalachian Mountains showcased by musicians of all ages as they
compete for prizes and the state title!

 Event Time:7:00pm

 Category: Office Of Tourism

 Performing Arts

 Fairs & Festivals



 Phone:301-334-2691

 WebSite:http://www.agreatsmalltown.com /index.html

 Location Information:

 Southern Garrett High School  (View Map)

 Garrett

 Western Maryland

 Oakland 21550

 Contact Information:

 Phone: 301-334-2691

 Email: mainstreetgoba@gmail.com







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Maryland: MD State Banjo, Fiddle & Mandolin Championships

LENGTH: 144  words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis: The State of Maryland has issued the following news release:



  MD State Banjo, Fiddle & Mandolin Championships

 Start Date:     10/14/2016

 End Date:     10/14/2016    End Time:     Midnight

 Event Description:



 Banjo, Fiddle & Mandolin State Championships; back for its 49th year! The best
sounds of the Appalachian Mountains showcased by musicians of all ages as they
compete for prizes and the state title!

 Event Time:7:00pm

 Category: Office Of Tourism

 Performing Arts

 Fairs & Festivals



 Phone:301-334-2691

 WebSite:http://www.agreatsmalltown.com /index.html

 Location Information:

 Southern Garrett High School  (View Map)

 Garrett

 Western Maryland

 Oakland 21550

 Contact Information:

 Phone: 301-334-2691

 Email: mainstreetgoba@gmail.com







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 2, 2010 Monday

'Sawin' on a fiddle and playin' it hot':Hundreds gather for Palouse Bluegrass
Festival

BYLINE: Christina Lords, Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 447 words


Aug. 02--A steady stream of fiddle, banjo, harmonica and acoustic guitar could
be heard through the trees of Palouse's City Park at the fifth annual Palouse
Bluegrass Festival on Saturday.

Several hundred people travel to the small town from throughout Whitman and
Latah counties and as far away as Spokane for the family friendly event, said
event organizer Heidi Kite.

Kite, the proprietor of the Open Eye Consignment Shop located in Palouse, said
she created the festival to bring people into town to relax and enjoy good
music.

Nine bands and artists performed noon-9 p.m., and the festival featured a beer
garden, pig roast, crafts, antique and jewelry vendors, and other community
organizations, such as Habitat for Humanity.

Forgotten Freight, Paul Smith, Shiloh Sharrard, Brian Taylor, Buffalo Death
Beam, Beargrass, Tom Drake, Wide River and Tiana Gregg took the stage at this
year's festival.

"I always try to keep some local acts, and I try to get some new performers
every year," Kite said.

The event was sponsored by the consignment shop as well as Palouse's Chamber of
Commerce.

"This just brings money into our community," she said. "People can come and go
all afternoon. They go to shops and grab a bite to eat. We also have such a
beautiful park here. It's nice people can see it."

All of the money made by ticket sales for the festival go to paying the
musicians, Kite said.

"It's just a great family oriented festival," she said. "I always call this my
simple event ... It's a way for people to spend the day together."

Teresa Myott, an antique vendor from Palouse, said she has attended the festival
for several years.

"This is a good way to support our community and see good music at the same
time," she said.

Arlene Parkay of Pullman said it was the first time she and her husband and been
to the festival.

The short drive to Palouse is a good way to see live bluegrass music, she said.

"We're always looking for new things to do," Parkay said. "We both like
bluegrass music so we came to check it out."

Kite said approximately 700 people attended the festival last year and hoped to
see the same turn out this year.

Christina Lords can be reached at (208) 882-5561, ext. 301, or by e-mail to
clords@dnews.com

To see more of the Moscow-Pullman Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.dnews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Moscow-Pullman Daily News,
Moscow, Idaho Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100802-1MW-Sawin-on-a-fiddle
-and-playin-it-hot-Hundreds-gather-for-Palouse-Bluegrass-Festival-20100802

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                    Copyright 2010 Moscow-Pullman Daily News

                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                          September 30, 2010 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Noble passionate about fiddling around

BYLINE: Joe Couture, The Leader-Post

SECTION: WHAT'S ON; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 496  words


SIERRA NOBLE (WITH THE REGINA SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA)

8 p.m., Saturday

Conexus Arts Centre

- - -

When asked about the highlights of her music career so far, 20-year-old Sierra
Noble humbly mentions three very big ones from the past year or so.

Last summer, she opened for Paul McCartney. This summer, she opened for Bon
Jovi. And earlier this year, she played for billions during the opening
ceremonies for the Olympics in Vancouver.

The young fiddler and vocalist from Manitoba, who started playing the violin at
age seven, has also performed with a number of symphony orchestras over the past
year and a half. And on Saturday, she will be performing with Regina's.

"I actually started with classical music," she said of her career. "Doing these
symphony shows is actually a huge honour for me because I started playing
classical ... I have so much respect for symphony musicians."

She started playing fiddle at age eight -- and it's "definitely my life's
passion," she said. But she also played with some junior orchestras and knows
the classical music world "to a certain extent," she noted.

Noble has heard the Regina Symphony Orchestra is "really great" and is looking
forward to the show. She "can't wait to play with them," she said.

"It's just the pure power that the symphony presents to a show and having that
behind you," she said. "It is such an amazing feeling -- just the sound coming
straight at your back, right into the crowd. It's incredible."

On Saturday, Noble will perform a wide variety of pieces, arranged by Ron Paley
of Winnipeg, with the RSO. She will also play part of the show with her
guitarist and bassist without the orchestra.

She will play fiddle tunes and vocal tunes -- most of which are original
compositions -- as well as traditional Metis fiddle music, she said. There will
be a "really fun fiddle tune that should not be missed," she said, with a laugh.
"It involves the orchestra in a very interactive way."

"It'll be a really fun show," she said. "For the crowd that is used to just
going to see the symphony, it will be a very different experience for them. I
know there are people who are fans of mine coming out -- it will be really
different for them, too. It will be really fun for everybody."

Going forward, Noble plans to spend time in New York City and Nashville "doing a
lot of songwriting and looking toward releasing a new record," she said. She
actually has plans for both a new vocal record and a new instrumental record.

But for now, this busy young musical talent -- whom RSO promotional material
calls "a role model for youth, and most notably for the Aboriginal community,"
noting her extensive work performing for and in tribute to Canada's veterans --
just plans to put on a great show for the audience in Regina.

"It's going to be a blast," she said. "It's a really great family show. It's
definitely worth coming out to see."

The show is part of the RSO's Shumiatcher Pops Series. For more information, go
online (www.reginasymphony.com).

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Sierra Noble is looking forward to appearing  with the RSO on
Saturday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2010 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 11, 2016 Saturday

Making beautiful music together at the fiddle festival

BYLINE: Karen Shuey, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 381 words


June 11--The annual Berks County Early Bird Fiddle Festival has been bringing
together traditional and folk artists for an entire day filled with lighthearted
competition and musical companionship for more than three decades.

The festival at Berks County Heritage Center, Bern Township, is built around a
main stage where spectators tap their toes to the tunes while musicians gather
behind the scenes to perform with friends.

Becky Hughes, an organizer, said diversity is the reason why the festival has
been such a big success.

"We have lots of different music, from folk to bluegrass to country," she said.
"There's something for everyone."

George and Jeff Merkel of Robesonia agreed.

The father and son duo were enjoying the sunshine Saturday as the first act of
the day strummed away on stage.

The Merkels said they were hoping to stay for a few hours so they could catch as
many bands as they could on the eclectic roster, which included traditional
Scottish, country acoustic, bluegrass folk and, of course, classic fiddle tunes.

"I really like all kinds of music, so this is a perfect day for us," Jeff Merkel
said.

It was shaping up to be a perfect day for Butch Imhoff as well.

The Cumru Township resident said the festival is a lot like a reunion for the
performers. He said there's a definite sense of community among traditional
musicians and fiddlers at the event.

"These are some great people who play some beautiful music," he said. "The best
part of this whole thing is that you get to see old friends and meet new people
who just want to sit around and play together."

A few feet away, about a dozen artists were gathered under trees performing folk
tunes. As each song would end, a new musician holding guitar, fiddle or banjo
had joined the impromptu concert.

Louretta Emerick, an 83-year-old Jefferson Township resident, said she comes
every year to jam with friends. She has never performed on the main stage for
the general audience, only for those who want to check out what happens behind
the scenes.

"It's just about getting out and playing," she said.

Contact Karen Shuey: 610-371-5081 or kshuey@readingeagle.com

TODAY'S SPONSOR:

___ (c)2016 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160611-RE-Making-beautiful-music-together-at-the-fiddle
-festival-0611-20160611

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2016 Reading Eagle

                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Gainesville Daily Register (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 16, 2015 Thursday

Swing school brings out the best in young musicians

BYLINE: Cathy Mounce, Gainesville Daily Register, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 984 words


July 16--The late Bob Wills has always been called the king of western swing
music, but for five days July 14 to 18,  North Central Texas College (NCTC)
hosts Dave Alexander's Big Texas Swing School bringing back the music genre
first heard in Texas in the 1930's.

Finishing off the week, on Saturday, June 18 at 1 p.m., Alexander along with his
group of teachers and students, will be on stage performing a free concert in
front of a capacity crowd gathering to here some toe-tapping Texas swing.

Designated as the official music of Texas by the 82nd Texas Legislature and
signed by Governor Rick Perry on June 17, 2011, Western Swing is the only
musical genre which originated in Texas.

The primary purpose of the swing camp is to provide an educational setting for
young musicians to learn to play in a western swing big band. Instruments
include fiddle, bass, drums, guitar, vocalists, steel guitar, trumpet, trombone,
saxophone and clarinet with other instruments welcome.

The mission of the school is to promote and continue the art of western swing
and to teach young musicians to perform to the best of their ability and to
experience the art of Improvisation.

With roots in country, blues, big band swing, early fiddle, band music, cowboy
and gospel, the early western swing bands put it all together evolving into the
western swing music beloved today.

Alexander said it was his sixth year to direct the swing camp and he has seen
some of its participants move on to great  success.

"Mikki Daniel attended the camp for two years," Alexander said. "Her song 'Gotta
Be A Cowgirl' won the New Horizon Wrangler Award at Oklahoma City's Western
Heritage awards in 2014. Her career is really going great guns."

Alexander said this year's group of aspiring musicians averages 13 years with
the young campers ranging in age from 10 to 17 years.

This year includes 16-year-old fiddle player Hailey Sandoz from McKinney, Texas.

"Dave Alexander is brilliant," Sandoz said. "He really cares about all of us and
makes time to listen to each of us, making us feel special."

"I hope my passion for the fiddle will lead me to a career in music," she said.
"The camp is a wonderful experience and I am  learning a lot, especially about
improvisation."

Edmond, Okla. guitar and fiddle player Maddox "Ross" Stover, likes to be able to
participate with other musicians at the school his own age.

"I have made some new friends and learned new fingerings and techniques," he
said.

Alexander said it was tough having such a wide spread range of ages.

"It is sort of like being in a one-room school house teaching every grade from
elementary to high school," he said.

"These kids have different levels of talent and skill," he said. " But if they
all keep at it, in three years we will have some really great talent."

Alexander said the school is designed to teach young musicians to perform to the
best of their ability.

"Music is color blind and ageless," Alexander said. "It doesn't matter if you
are nine or 99, black or white, music touches each of us  and we each respond to
it in our own way."

"We try and give these kids the skill set to make good music," he said. "With
these skills in hand, each kid brings his own personality, technique or style to
his playing, keeping the music fresh and new."

"We give them the freedom to be who they are, showcasing their own talents," he
said.

Alexander's own career has been on a steady rise for many years with two
important singles pending release.

"We just recorded one with George Strait and Asleep at the Wheel called 'South
of the Border," he said. "It is part of an album again celebrating the music of
Bob Wills and his Texas Playboys."

Alexander performed with Strait on Strait's "The Cowboy Rides Away" tour in
2014.

Another venture again pairs up Alexander and Asleep At The wheel with Lyle
Lovett, recording "Trouble In Mind."

According to his biography," Dave Alexander , a University of North Texas
graduate, was a former member of the renowned UNT One-O'Clock Lab Band as well
as longtime music director for the Dallas Cowboys."

The four-time Grammy nominee, inductee into the Texas Western Swing Hall of
Fame, and 2004 Academy of Western Artists Male Vocalist of the Year has
performed and recorded with some of the biggest names in country music. He has
been recognized for creating one of the finest Western Swing Big Bands ever
assembled.

His dedication to western swing pays tribute to the passions of his grandfather
and father and to the originators of this American art form.  His father played
trombone and some trumpet with Johnnie Lee Wills, and sometimes  would go on the
road with Bob Wills.

"I have been fortunate to have traveled my own musical road and to be enjoying
it to this day.," Alexander said in a previous interview. "I can't think of a
better summer than to be sharing western swing with young musicians as executive
director of the 'Big Texas Swing School'."

The legendary Bob Wills was Inducted into the Texas Western Swing Hall of Fame
in 1988, leaving some big boots to fill.

But, with the efforts of Dave Alexander and the Big Texas Swing School, the
spirit of Bob Wills lives on today through such musical standards as  "Across
the Alley from the Alamo", "Along the Navajo Trail" or the much loved song of
Texas, "San Antonio Rose."

Good music knows no time and what was good in the 1930's is still relevant today
as a new generation rides down the trail playing the iconic music known as
Western Swing.

As he used to say in his concerts, Bob Wills would probably respond with, "Aaah
Haaa."

The public is invited to attend the Big Texas Swing School Concert at 1 p.m.,
Saturday, July 18 at the First State Bank Center for the Performing Arts on the
NCTC campus.

___ (c)2015 the Gainesville Daily Register (Gainesville, Texas) Visit the
Gainesville Daily Register (Gainesville, Texas) at www.gainesvilleregister.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150716-XG-Swing-school-brings-out-the-best-in-young-musicians-0716-20150716

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XG


                   Copyright 2015 Gainesville Daily Register

                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cairns Post (Australia)

                            April 27, 2006 Thursday

highland fling

BYLINE: Tony Hillier

SECTION: TIMEOUT; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 467  words


Boston-based fiddler Hanneke Cassel, who s regarded as one of the finest young
Celtic players in the USA, will wind up a national tour with Australia-based
fiddle and piano duo Catherine Fraser and Duncan Smith in Cairns this week. Tony
Hillier reports.

When Catherine Fraser and Duncan Smith starting working together as a duo in
2001 they discovered they shared a common approach to music making - getting
beyond the notes to express the universal emotional experience available through
a Scottish repertoire.

Since then they have been developing and performing their concert material, as
well as continuing to be in demand for Scottish dances and balls in Australia,
New Zealand, the USA and Scotland. In 2005 Fraser and Smith joined with US-based
Scottish fiddle champion Hanneke Cassel.

From concerts in Auckland and Wellington, to performances in Boston USA, the
trio captivated their audiences with vibrant and exciting programs of both
traditional and contemporary Scottish music.

"Catherine and Hanneke have contrasting and complementary fiddle styles,"
observes pianist Duncan Smith. "They send melody and harmony weaving and
dancing," he waxes.

"One minute it's tumbling clear and cool as a mountain stream, the next it's
pounding and pulsing with raw energy and passion."

Smith's creative and sensitive piano accompaniment provides the platform from
which the fiddlers fly.

All three are talented composers and their concerts span a diverse range of
style.

"We like to take audiences on a journey through time and around the globe," says
Smith.

"We explore everything from ancient traditional tunes to contemporary and
original works, from foot stomping reels to the most haunting of Gaelic airs."

The trio's current tour has taken them to the National Folk Festival in
Canberra, where in addition to headline concerts, Fraser and Cassel taught
pre-festival fiddle master classes and Smith taught accompaniment workshops.

In Cairns they will teach at the annual Far North Queensland Scottish Country
Dance weekend and ball, in addition to their concert this Saturday at the Cairns
Yacht Club, where local folk institution Snake Gully will be in support.

Snake Gully, celebrating their 20th anniversary this year, are on a roll
following their performances at the Port Fairy Folk Festival last month and at
Seaman Dan's CD launch at the Cairns Civic Theatre last week.

Snake Gully's latest album, Snakes Alive, will be available at the show, along
with Catherine Fraser and Duncan Smith's newly released third CD, Unity, and
Hanneke Cassel's latest offering.


Stuff

* Fraser, Smith & Cassel will be in concert at the Cairns Yacht Club on
Saturday, April 29 at 7.30pm, with special guests Snake Gully.

* Tickets ($15) will be available at the door. The premises are licensed, with
food and beverages available.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCP


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
