



Download Request: Select Items: 501-1000
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 08, 2017  14:42:49 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (fiddle USA)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             April 28, 2015 Tuesday

Pacifica Performance: Molly's Revenge

BYLINE: Pacifica Tribune

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News; Local

LENGTH: 547 words


Celtic Music dervishes return to Pacifica Saturday, May 2

Pacifica Performances presents Molly's Revenge at the Mildred Owen Hall on
Saturday, May 2.

Molly's Revenge are a favorite of locals and Bay Area fans---and far beyond.
They are a dynamic, acoustic Celtic band known for their unique and infectious
enthusiasm, playing classics and many original compositions. The compelling
combination of bagpipes, whistle, and fiddle, with a backdrop of guitar,
mandola, and bodhran bring joy and delight to all fans of Scottish and Irish
music.

Molly's Revenge has performed at many top folk festivals and in the USA, and
also in Scotland, Australia and China. Their arrangements of traditional Celtic
jigs and reels have a driving, hard-edged accent that always leaves audiences
excited and pushing for more. Molly's Revenge is David Brewer on Highland
bagpipes, border pipes, uillean pipes, whistles and bodhran. John Weed plays
fiddle. And Stuart Mason works it out on guitar and mandola. David Brewer has
been playing whistle and four types of bagpipes for about 20 years. He studied
at the Ceolas Music School in Scotland under some of the best pipers in the
world. He is know as one of the most accomplished pipers on the West Coast.
David has composed close to 200 traditional style tunes, many of which have
appeared on recordings, independent films, and television. John Weed is a
classically-trained violinist who switched to playing Irish fiddle about 15
years ago. John has lived in Ireland and taught fiddle workshops at the Flowing
Tide International Music School in Doonbeg, County Clare. He hones his skills
annually by attending the Frankie Kennedy Winter School in Dunlewey, County
Donegal where he has studied with Ciaran O'Maonaigh and Dermot Mcloughlin.
Stuart Mason has been collecting and performing traditional music for over 30
years. He has appeared on stage from Ireland to China, performing Celtic, old
time bluegrass, as well as his original compositions, which have won awards from
the West Coast Songwriters Association. He leads workshops and classes in
traditional music techniques at music festivals and camps. Reviewers indicate
the power and attraction this talented band: "Revered in California as one of
its most energetic, exciting and innovative bands." --Shay Black, of the
legendary Black family. "The instruments are traditional... but the wild passion
they exhibit is thoroughly modern." --Metro Santa Cruz (CA). "There is an
engaging freshness and yet an impressive maturity in their playing. There is
also a lovely balance of repertoire, alternating a familiar with a most arcane
selection of tunes and songs." --Mick Moloney, National Heritage Award
recipient. Molly's Revenge will appear, Saturday, May 2, at 7:30 p.m. at Mildred
Owen Concert Hall, 1220 Linda Mar Blvd., Pacifica. Tickets are $20 for adults
and $17 for seniors 62+, or $15 and $12 for Pacifica Performances' members and
senior members, and are on sale at the door starting 30 minutes before the show,
or in advance www.pacificaperformances.org by Friday, 12 noon, the weekend of
the show. Youths and children under 18 are free. Tables for six or more can be
reserved by calling 650-355-1882 by Friday, 12 noon. Call or email
info@pacificaperformances.org for more information

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pacifica TribuneYesYes--
Pacifica TribuneYesYes-- Patricia CruzPacifica TribuneEditorial
AssistantLegal/Retail AdvertisingObituaries650-738-453559 Bill Drake
WayPacifica, CA 94044

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            August 31, 2006 Thursday

Dawn Dance returns

BYLINE: Entertainment

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 357 words


BRATTLEBORO -- On Sunday, Sept. 3, hundreds of dance enthusiasts will flock to
Brattleboro for the biannual Brattleboro Dawn Dance, a 14-hour marathon of
English Country, Contra and Couple Dancing in the Gibson-Aiken Center at 207
Main St.

The Dawn Dance, which takes place each year on Memorial Day and Labor Day, draws
dancers from far and wide for the chance to dance the night away to a selection
of musicians and callers.

The Labor Day Dawn Dance begins with English dancing from 2:30 to 5:30 p.m., led
by David Millstone, a dynamic caller from Lebanon, N.H. Massachusetts and
Vermont musicians lydia ievins, Anna Patton and Karen Axelrod will perform for
the English dance segment.

Beginning at 8 p.m., Lynn Ackerson of California will call contra dances drawn
from the repertoire of the West Coast dance scene. Music will be provided by
Notorious, with Eden MacAdam-Somer on fiddle, Larry Unger on guitar, Sam
Bartlett on banjo and mandolin and Ginny Snowe on bass.

The second contra dance set begins at midnight with Wild Asparagus, featuring
George Marshall calling and playing bodhran and concertina, Becky Tracy on
fiddle, David Cantieni on flute, sax, whistle and oboe, Sam Bartlett on mandolin
and banjo, Ann Percival on guitar and piano and Mark Murphy on bass.

At 3:30 a.m., caller Lisa Sieverts of Nelson, N.H., takes over, keeping the
dancing lively into the wee hours. Music for the early morning contra segment
will be provided by Andrew Van Norstrand on fiddle, guitar and bass, Noah Van
Norstrand on fiddle, mandolin and percussion, Andrew Marcus on piano and
accordion, and Aaron Marcus on piano and concertina.

Tickets are $10 for the English Dance segment, $18 for the contra segment, or
$25 for both. Tickets can be purchased online at www.dawndance.org , in person
at Maple Leaf Music in Brattleboro, at the door on Sept. 3, from 2:30 to 6 p.m.,
and 7:30 p.m. until sold out.

For more information visit www.dawndance.org , e-mail info@dawndance.org , or
contact the Dawn Dance Committee at (802) 257-1571, (802) 257-1006 or (802)
257-9234. To help protect the floor dancers should bring clean sneakers or soft-
soled shoes only.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Crain's Cleveland Business
                                 Print Version

                               February 11, 2013

OPINION

SECTION: Pg. 10 Vol. 34

LENGTH: 452  words


Come on

Fiddle-dee-dee. Fans of the movie "Gone With the Wind" will recognize the phrase
as the one Scarlett O'Hara uttered whenever she was frustrated by something or
someone.

Gov. John Kasich had a fiddle-dee-dee moment recently when he teed off on the
organization pursuing a legal challenge to JobsOhio, his pet economic
development program. Only his catchphrase isn't quite as catchy. It's simply,
"Come on."

An exasperated governor spoke those words as he challenged the motives of
ProgressOhio, a left-leaning public policy group, for its lawsuit that looks to
derail JobsOhio on constitutional grounds.

"There's no legitimacy to this," he said during a Jan. 31 news conference.
"Constitutional issue? Come on. This is a political issue designed to wreck the
progress we're having in Ohio."

Our response to the governor?

Come on. Or, if you'd prefer, fiddle-dee-dee.

The organization that has put the roadblock in the governor's way definitely
doesn't share his politics, but that doesn't make its lawsuit illegitimate.

ProgressOhio opposes the shift of Ohio's economic development duties from a
state agency - the former Ohio Department of Development - to JobsOhio, which
the governor established as a private entity. Its lawsuit alleges the
legislation that cleared the way for this transfer of authority violates the
Ohio Constitution in a handful of ways. Among them are that it would funnel
public money - profits from the state's liquor operations - to JobsOhio for its
operations and would lend the credit of the state to a private corporation.

The constitutional issues raised by ProgressOhio deserve to be debated in a
court of law. However, the substance of the lawsuit has yet to be heard, as two
lower courts have ruled that ProgressOhio does not have legal standing to bring
the action before them.

It's now up to the Ohio Supreme Court to determine whether ProgressOhio can
bring its case. Our hope is that the Republican-dominated high court won't serve
as the governor's surrogates and simply reject ProgressOhio out of hand, but
instead will give fair and honest consideration to the matter.

That's cool

Right about now, most residents of Northeast Ohio already have had their fill of
winter. While warm weather isn't just around the corner, here is sure sign that
spring is on the way: Pitchers and catchers report this week to the Cleveland
Indians' spring training camp in Goodyear, Ariz.

And if that thought doesn't do enough for you, in nine more Mondays the Tribe
will hold Opening Day festivites at Progressive Field April 8 against the New
York Yankees. Fans may need to wear parkas to the game, but it won't be long
before cool spring evenings give way to sultry summer nights.

Hold that thought.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CL


                      Copyright 2013 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                            March 13, 2013 Wednesday

What's Happening in Oroville

BYLINE: Oroville Mercury-Register

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 1593 words


* Oroville's Old Time Fiddlers County Gospel Jam is March 14

The jam will be 5:30-8 p.m. in the Oroville Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St.
Musicians from across California, here for the annual California State Open
Fiddle and Picking Championship contest (March 14-16), will participate. Local
acoustic music groups, church choirs and all gospel music makers from the Butte
County area and beyond are encouraged to register in advance; call Larry Jendro,
533-1413. Registered groups will be scheduled to perform three gospel numbers
between 5:30-7 p.m. From 7-8 p.m. individuals or groups may sign up on a
blackboard to perform one or two songs. The organization covers 10 districts and
extends from Redding to San Diego.

* 47th annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and
Picking Championship March 15-16

The event starts 3 p.m. Friday at Oroville Municipal Auditorium with an opening
ceremony, followed by competition in the Fiddle Division: Senior-senior (70 and
older); Senior (60-69). Awards at 5:50 p.m. The Saturday schedule is: 7:30 a.m.
registration; 8 a.m. competition for Fiddle Divisions; Young adults (18-36),
Junior (13-17), Junior-junior (9-12), and Pee Wee (8 and younger). Also Adult
(37-59), Open (any age), Junior twin (17 and older), Open twin (any age).
Picking competition begins with Open (any age) and Junior (17 and younger).
Awards for these divisions at approximately 8 and 9 p.m. Schedules, rules and
registration forms at Houser's Music or Auditorium; or print from
www.orovilleoldtimefiddlers.com. Free admission, but donations appreciated. Food
sold. The Auditorium is at 1200 Myers St. Musicians from across California will
compete; the Old Time fiddle Association organization covers 10 districts, from
Redding to San Diego.

* Women's History Month Salad Tea Luncheon

The American Association of University Women will host their annual luncheon
starting 1 p.m. on March 16 at the Oroville Presbyterian Church, 2350 Foothill
Blvd. The program includes a look at women in the field of anthropology,
presented by Merrily Stover, and music by Katy Ryan and Matthew Mitchell.
Proceeds support Tech Trek, a week-long math and science camp at Davis for
seventh-grade girls. Tickets are $20 and reservation deadline is March 12. Call
Joline Hibbert, 533-5577, or email hibbjandj@oroville.com

* St. Patrick's Luncheon fundraiser for Oroville Veterans Memorial Park

The corned beef and cabbage lunch, 11 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. on March 13, will be
served at the FRSCA Center, 1335 Myers St. Lunch also includes a drink, roll and
dessert, with take out orders available. Cost is $8 and advance tickets are
available at Betty Jean's or Coffee Diem. Proceeds go towards construction of
the park on Montgomery Street. Event sponsored by the Oroville Downtown Business
Association; information, John, 533-2721. For information about the park, visit
orovilleveteransmemorialpark.org.

* Annual Oroville Knights of Columbus dinner is March 16

Doors will open at 5 p.m. and the corned beef and cabbage dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. at St. Thomas the Apostle Church hall, 1330 Bird St. Cost is $10 for
adults; $7 for seniors 65 and older; $5 for children ages 5-11. Tickets at the
St. Thomas School Office, Marcozzi Jewelers, Modern Cleaners and Briggs
Firestone. For information, call Jim Cupido, 533-5599.

* Oroville Hunger Walk to raise money and food for local hunger relief

The Cooperating Christian Churches of Oroville organized this first walk to
start at Riverbend Park on March 16. Sign-ups begin 8:30 a.m., with coffee and
donuts served, followed by the approximately 2-mile walk at 9 a.m. Rest stations
will be set up at churches and vans will cruise the route to pick up those who
cannot complete the walk or wish to walk a short distance. Donations will be
accepted prior to the walk or the day of the walk. All money and food raised
will go to Feed the People Ministries, Oroville Rescue Mission, Oroville
Salvation Army, The Hope Center and other groups. Member sponsors are First
congregational Church, First United Methodist Church, Oroville Rescue Mission,
Raven Ministries, St. Paul's Episcopal Church, St. Thomas the Apostle Catholic
Church, The Hope Center, Trinity Bible Church and Trinity Presbyterian Church.
To make a donation or get involved, call 534-0354 or 534-9455.

* Reservations are required for the annual Sutter Buttes Hike March 17

The hike on St. Patrick's Day is limited to 30 people and cost is $35 for
members and $40 for non-members. The hike is sponsored by the Butte County
Historical Society. Call 534-8146 or visit buttecountyhistoricalsociety.org for
more information or to make reservations.

*Bolt's Antique Tool Museum showcases tools from war heroes

The Museum has created a series of displays with donated tools and military
service information about the donors. One features Lt. Col. Jack Bolt (not
related to the museum's founder) who was a Black Sheep Squadron pilot and flying
ace in WW II and the Korean War. The museum also houses tools from 4,000 years
ago thought to be made by Egyptians and Romans in 400 B.C.; a barbed-wire
collection, old gas pumps, blacksmith tools and more than 11,000 other tools.
Some gift items are also sold. The museum is at 1650 Broderick St. and is open
Sundays, 11:45 a.m. to 3:45 p.m.; Monday through Saturday, 10 a.m. to 3:45 p.m.
538-2528 or 538-2415.

* VFW Post 9602 and Auxiliary will host a spaghetti dinner March 22

The dinner will be from 5-8 p.m. at Oroville Veterans Memorial Hall, 2374
Montgomery St. Dinner also includes salad with dressings and garlic bread. Cost
is $8 for ages 10 and older; free to those under 10. Separate dessert table.
Proceeds support the Post and Auxiliary activities and projects. Tickets
available at the door. Information, 532-0561.

* Oroville Ducks Unlimited fundraising banquet March 22

Purchase tickets now for the dinner at Feather Falls Casino, 3 Alverda Drive.
Doors will open at 5:30 p.m., followed by dinner at 6 p.m. The door prize this
year is a Polaris Sportsman ATV 550 with gun rack. The Gun Table Package is
$1,500, which includes eight prime rib dinners, eight Ducks Unlimited
memberships, eight entries into the door prize drawing, eight Ducks Unlimited
hats and glassware for eight. One member will win a gun with choice of either a
Browning BPS DU Edition 12-gauge shotgun, or a Savage Axis Scoped Rifle in .243,
.30-06 or .308 caliber. Also live and silent auctions, raffle, ladies raffle and
games. This event sells out. Tickets $75 single, $125 couple, $45 Greenwing
(youth), $395 sponsor, $435 sponsor couple. Supports wetlands conservation. Greg
Kostick, 515-2345, or Dan Daniluke, 534-8126.

* PAWS People for Pets Party is March 23

This annual benefit will feature a "Down Home" Country Spaghetti Feed, no-host
beer and wine bar, dancing to the country music of Jim Halsey and Jeff Rubeck
and a silent auction and raffle. Doors will open at 5:30 p.m. at Southside
Community Center, 2959 Lower Wyandotte Road, Oroville. The dinner, catered by
Sherry McKenzie, also includes garlic bread, salad and dessert. Advance tickets
are $18 or $20 at the door. Tables for 10 may be reserved in advance. For
information or to reserve tables, call 589-1265. Tickets may be purchased at
PAWS Thrift and Gift, Oroville; Heaven Scent Candles & More, Paradise; and PAW
Prints Quality, Chico.

* Chili Cooks needed for cook-off

Thermalito Grange is in need of Chili cookers for their annual Chili Cook-off.
Applications are available now. The cook-off is April 6. Applications will be
taken until March 31. The entry fee is $10. For information call Cheri at
591-9018 or 532-4529.

* Sixth annual Wildflower Festival is April 6

Feather River Recreation will host the festival, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., at Riverbend
Park. Vendors will offer items pertaining to wildlife and nature, including
native plant sales, photography, bug jewelry, custom carved signs, poppy seed
give-aways and pony rides. Informational booths will also be set up. Free tours
will be given to Table Mountain with transportation available; $3 per person.
Call 533-2011 for hike times and more information.

* Sank Park Craft Faire sign ups available

The Oroville Docent Association is looking for crafters to sign up for the
annual Feather Fiesta Days Craft Faire May 11. Participants may apply now for a
space at the Sank Park Lott Home in Oroville. Contact Carol at 589-1299 or
carolbrown60@comcast.net

* Vendor space for Feather Fiesta Days Goldrush Lot on May 11

Space reservations for food, game, information and product booths in downtown
Oroville may be made now. Contact Mike Isch, 534-9005, 589-0952 or 520-0258;
stop by Northwestern Trading Co.; or go to www.orovilllechamber.net (calendar of
events) for more information. Oroville Downtown Business Association.

* Women's Coffee Social

A new drop-in social gathering for women in their 50s, 60s or older will be
forming in the Oroville area. The group will feature discussions about lifelong
learning, inspiration, fellowship, community resource, networking and more.
Those who are retired or new to the community are welcome. They will meet from
9:30-11 a.m. Wednesdays. Location is to be announced. Contact Lynndee Caput at
533-0780 or email lynndeecaput@yahoo.com

Nonprofit groups and community organizations can submit items for "What's
Happening in Oroville" by emailing the pertinent information to
whatshappening@orovillemr.com, fax it to 342-3617 or mail it to: What's
Happening in Oroville, P.O. Box 9, Chico, CA 95927. Please include your name and
telephone number on all correspondences.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 14, 2009 Sunday

Henry Reed's old time music legacy lives on in Giles County

BYLINE: Bill Archer, Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 626 words


Jun. 14--GLEN LYN, Va. -- Throughout his lifetime, Henry Reed enjoyed playing
his fiddle tunes at barn dances in Giles County, Va., and surrounding areas, but
on Friday night, through the day and long into the night on Saturday, the
memories of Reed's legacy echoed through the mountains of his native stomping
grounds for the 7th Annual Henry Reed Fiddlers' Convention.

The convention itself is the brain child of Chris Via, a Reed family member
through marriage, but perhaps more importantly, the present day fiddle player
with the Reed Family Band, a group of musicians that work to master the music
and keep the Henry Reed sound flowing through the New River Valley and beyond.

"We had a big crowd for the concert Friday night and more overnight campers than
we've ever had before," Via said. "You ought to be here at nightfall when the
bands start playing. That's when it all takes place."

By day, Via handled the logistical challenges of putting on a music festival
that attracts musicians and music lovers from near and far. With the help of a
few Reed family members and friends, Via and the volunteers maintain an
atmosphere that is obviously inspired by the Henry Reed legacy, but seasoned
with traditional southwestern Virginia hospitality.

"We could have gone to a lot of other places this weekend, but we came up here
to Glen Lyn," Glen Zuhlke, guitar and harmonica player of the Old Time Kitchen
Band from Galax, Va., said. "The New River is just about a mile and one-half
away from home. We could have jumped in and just floated up here."

Zuhlke, his wife, Nellie Zuhlke, the autoharp player with the Kitchen Band, and
their fiddle player, 82-year-old and proud of it, Gladys Musser were just
sitting around their camp, waiting for someone to come along to jam with.

"We got the name when several of us used to hang around in Blanche Nichols'
kitchen and play music," Nellie Zuhlke said. "We could play anything we wanted."

"Anything from about 1900 to around 1950," Glen Zuhlke said.

""I'm just trying to play the fiddle," Musser said before dragging the bow
across her fiddle, and instantly submerging herself in the melodic sound of the
strings.

"She didn't start playing until she was in her 60s," Nellie Zuhlke said as
Musser played on. "She does pretty good."

Glen Zuhlke said he enjoys coming to the Henry Reed Fiddlers' Convention. "We
have eight people in the band," he said. "Not everyone came here today. The rest
of the band is around here someplace, probably playing with some other people
somewhere.

"This is just a nice place to be," he said.

Dr. Alan Jabbour, Appalachian music folklorist and former head of the folk music
wing of the Library of Congress, was conducting a fiddle-playing workshop at the
Glen Lyn Community Park Saturday morning. Jabbour recorded Henry Reed in
1966-'67, and preserved the distinct fiddle sound prior to Reed's death on June
16, 1968. Jabbour is an expert fiddle player in his own right, and remains
devoted to the survival of Reed's style of playing and his musical legacy.

The Glen Lyn community park was filled with well-attended activities Saturday
with a car show and a tractor-pull. It was the kind of people-filled venue that
would attract a fiddle player who loved to play for barn dances ... a fiddle
player like Henry Reed.

-- Contact Bill Archer at barcher@bdtonline.com

To see more of Bluefield Daily Telegraph, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bdtonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Bluefield Daily Telegraph,
W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090614-WF-Henry-Reed-s-old-time-music-legacy-lives-on-in-Giles-County-0614

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                                 Copyright 2009


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                             March 11, 2013 Monday

What's Happening in Oroville

BYLINE: Oroville Mercury-Register

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 1541 words


Oroville Eagles Youth Football and Cheer Sign Ups

Sign-ups will be from 2-5 p.m. March 10 at the Eagles Hall, corner of Myers and
Montgomery streets. For information, call Michelle Fong, 774-4599.

Reservation deadline for Butte County Historical Society hike March 17

Peggie Adamson will lead the hike on the Historic Dean Ranch area of Buttes.
Options of a higher and lower elevation hikes will be available depending on
personal preference.

Hikers will meet 8 a.m. at Black Bear Restaurant on Hwy 99 in Gridley to arrange
carpools. Bring some gas money for the carpool driver and dress appropriately.
Hikers need to bring their own lunch and beverages. Cost is $35 for BCHS members
and $40 for non-members. Reservations and payment are due no later than March
10. Space is limited. Call Peggie Adamson at 534-8145.

Oroville's Old Time Fiddlers County Gospel Jam is March 14

The jam will be 5:30-8 p.m. in the Oroville Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St.
Musicians from across California, here for the annual California State Open
Fiddle and Picking Championship contest (March 14-16), will participate. Local
acoustic music groups, church choirs and all gospel music makers from the Butte
County area and beyond are encouraged to register in advance; call Larry Jendro,
533-1413. Registered groups will be scheduled to perform three gospel numbers
between 5:30-7 p.m. From 7-8 p.m. individuals or groups may sign up on a
blackboard to perform one or two songs. The organization covers 10 districts and
extends from Redding to San Diego.

47th annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and Picking
Championship March 15-16

The event starts at 3 p.m. Friday with an opening ceremony, followed by
competition in the Fiddle Division: Senior-senior (70 and older); Senior
(60-69). Awards at 5:50 p.m. The Saturday schedule is: 7:30 a.m. registration; 8
a.m. competition for Fiddle Divisions; Young adults (18-36), Junior (13-17),
Junior-junior (9-12), and Pee Wee (8 and younger). Also Adult (37-59), Open (any
age), Junior twin (17 and older), Open twin (any age). Picking competition
begins with Open (any age) and Junior (17 and younger). Awards for these
divisions will be give at approximately 8 and 9 p.m. Schedules, rules and
registration forms at Houser's Music or Auditorium in Oroville; or print from
www.orovilleoldtimefiddlers.com. Free admission, but donations appreciated. Food
sold. Held at Oroville Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St. Musicians from
across California will compete; the Old Time fiddle Association organization
covers 10 districts, from Redding to San Diego.

Women's History Month Salad Tea Luncheon

The American Association of University Women will host their annual luncheon
starting 1 p.m. on March 16 at the Oroville Presbyterian Church, 2350 Foothill
Blvd. The program includes a look at women in the field of anthropology,
presented by Merrily Stover, and music by Katy Ryan and Matthew Mitchell.
Proceeds support Tech Trek, a week-long math and science camp at Davis for
seventh-grade girls. Tickets are $20 and reservation deadline is March 12. Call
Joline Hibbert, 533-5577, or email hibbjandj@oroville.com

St. Patrick's Luncheon fundraiser for Oroville Veterans Memorial Park

The corned beef and cabbage lunch, 11 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. on March 13, will be
served at the FRSCA Center, 1335 Myers St. Lunch also includes a drink, roll and
dessert, with take out orders available. Cost is $8 and advance tickets are
available at Betty Jean's or Coffee Diem. Proceeds go towards construction of
the park on Montgomery Street. Event sponsored by the Oroville Downtown Business
Association; information, John, 533-2721. For information about the park, visit
orovilleveteransmemorialpark.org.

Annual Oroville Knights of Columbus dinner is March 16

Doors will open at 5 p.m. and the corned beef and cabbage dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. at St. Thomas the Apostle Church hall, 1330 Bird St. Cost is $10 for
adults; $7 for seniors 65 and older; $5 for children ages 5-11. Tickets at the
St. Thomas School Office, Marcozzi Jewelers, Modern Cleaners and Briggs
Firestone. For information, call Jim Cupido, 533-5599.

Oroville Hunger Walk to raise money and food for local hunger relief

The Cooperating Christian Churches of Oroville organized this first walk to
start at Riverbend Park on March 16. Sign-ups begin 8:30 a.m., with coffee and
donuts served, followed by the approximately 2-mile walk at 9 a.m. Rest stations
will be set up at churches and vans will cruise the route to pick up those who
cannot complete the walk or wish to walk a short distance. Donations will be
accepted prior to the walk or the day of the walk. All money and food raised
will go to Feed the People Ministries, Oroville Rescue Mission, Oroville
Salvation Army, The Hope Center and other groups. Member sponsors are First
congregational Church, First United Methodist Church, Oroville Rescue Mission,
Raven Ministries, St. Paul's Episcopal Church, St. Thomas the Apostle Catholic
Church, The Hope Center, Trinity Bible Church and Trinity Presbyterian Church.
To make a donation or get involved, call 534-0354 or 534-9455.

Reservations are required for the annual Sutter Buttes Hike March 17

The hike on St. Patrick's Day is limited to 30 people and cost is $35 for
members and $40 for non-members. The hike is sponsored by the Butte County
Historical Society. Call 534-8146 or visit buttecountyhistoricalsociety.org for
more information or to make reservations.

cBolt's Antique Tool Museum showcases tools from war heroes

The Museum has created a series of displays with donated tools and military
service information about the donors. One features Lt. Col. Jack Bolt (not
related to the museum's founder) who was a Black Sheep Squadron pilot and flying
ace in WW II and the Korean War. The museum also houses tools from 4,000 years
ago thought to be made by Egyptians and Romans in 400 B.C.; a barbed-wire
collection, old gas pumps, blacksmith tools and more than 11,000 other tools.
Some gift items are also sold. The museum is at 1650 Broderick St. and is open
Sundays, 11:45 a.m. to 3:45 p.m.; Monday through Saturday, 10 a.m. to 3:45 p.m.
538-2528 or 538-2415.

VFW Post 9602 and Auxiliary will host a spaghetti dinner March 22

The dinner will be from 5-8 p.m. at Oroville Veterans Memorial Hall, 2374
Montgomery St. Dinner also includes salad with dressings and garlic bread. Cost
is $8 for ages 10 and older; free to those under 10. Separate dessert table.
Proceeds support the Post and Auxiliary activities and projects. Tickets
available at the door. Information, 532-0561.

Oroville Ducks Unlimited fundraising banquet March 22

Purchase tickets now for the dinner at Feather Falls Casino, 3 Alverda Drive.
Doors will open at 5:30 p.m., followed by dinner at 6 p.m. The door prize this
year is a Polaris Sportsman ATV 550 with gun rack. The Gun Table Package is
$1,500, which includes eight prime rib dinners, eight Ducks Unlimited
memberships, eight entries into the door prize drawing, eight Ducks Unlimited
hats and glassware for eight. One member will win a gun with choice of either a
Browning BPS DU Edition 12-gauge shotgun, or a Savage Axis Scoped Rifle in .243,
.30-06 or .308 caliber. Also live and silent auctions, raffle, ladies raffle and
games. This event sells out. Tickets $75 single, $125 couple, $45 Greenwing
(youth), $395 sponsor, $435 sponsor couple. Supports wetlands conservation. Greg
Kostick, 515-2345, or Dan Daniluke, 534-8126.

PAWS People for Pets Party is March 23

This annual benefit will feature a "Down Home" Country Spaghetti Feed, no-host
beer and wine bar, dancing to the country music of Jim Halsey and Jeff Rubeck
and a silent auction and raffle. Doors will open at 5:30 p.m. at Southside
Community Center, 2959 Lower Wyandotte Road, Oroville. The dinner, catered by
Sherry McKenzie, also includes garlic bread, salad and dessert. Advance tickets
are $18 or $20 at the door. Tables for 10 may be reserved in advance. For
information or to reserve tables, call 589-1265. Tickets may be purchased at
PAWS Thrift and Gift, Oroville; Heaven Scent Candles & More, Paradise; and PAW
Prints Quality, Chico.

Chili Cooks needed for cook-off

Thermalito Grange is in need of Chili cookers for their annual Chili Cook-off.
Applications are available now. The cook-off is April 6. Applications will be
taken until March 31. The entry fee is $10. For information call Cheri at
591-9018 or 532-4529.

Sixth annual Wildflower Festival is April 7

Feather River Recreation will host the festival, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., at Riverbend
Park. Vendors will offer items pertaining to wildlife and nature, including
native plant sales, photography, bug jewelry, custom carved signs, poppy seed
give aways and pony rides. Informational booths will also be set up. Free tours
will be given to Table Mountain with transportation available; $3 per person.
Call 533-2011 for hike times and more information.

Nonprofit groups and community organizations can submit items for "What's
Happening in Oroville" by emailing the pertinent information to
whatshappening@orovillemr.com, fax it to 342-3617 or mail it to: What's
Happening in Oroville, P.O. Box 9, Chico, CA 95927. Please include your name and
telephone number on all correspondences.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Hardanger ahead: Nordic fiddlers on their way

BYLINE: Tom Weber, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 427 words


Feb. 23--The fiddle is synonymous with American country and mountain music.

But it's folk music from a different part of the world that will be showcased
with the Nordic Fiddlers Bloc, an all-star trio of fiddlers, performs a
Riverside Live! concert March 5 at Mayo Civic Center Presentation Hall in
Rochester.

The three members of Nordic Fiddlers bring their own traditions to the music.
Olav Luksengard Mjelva is from Norway, Kevin Henderson is from the Shetland
Islands of northern Scotland, and Anders Hall is from Sweden. They come from
places were winter nights are long and dark, and where there are times when
fiddle music, whether exuberant or weepy, is the best escape.

Deliverance, you might call it, and that's the title of the new Nordic Fiddlers
Bloc album. "Deliverance" is available now in Europe and will be released this
spring in North America. Until then, you'll have to get a ticket to the Nordic
Fiddlers' current tour of America to hear the songs.

"There is a higher percentage of our own compositions on this album compared to
the first, but we still have a lot of focus on the traditional music from where
we call come from," said Henderson.

Nordic Fiddlers Bloc was formed in 2009. All three members started playing the
fiddle when they were children. Henderson has been a member of the traditional
Scottish band Boys of the Lough since 2001.

Mjelva won the 2010 Spelemannprisen, the Norwegian equivalent of the Grammy, for
his debut solo album, and in 2013 was named Norway's folk musician of the year.

Although Hall is from Sweden, he studied traditional Norwegian Hardanger fiddle
at the Ole Bull Academy in Voss, Norway.

Nordic Fiddlers are currently finishing up a concert tour of Europe, and will
arrive in the U.S. for shows in Wisconsin this weekend, before starting a
week-long residency next Monday in the Rochester area.

During the week, the Nordic Fiddlers Bloc will appear in local elementary
schools during the day, and present free concert preview programs in area
libraries in the evening as part of the Riverside Concerts Cultural Exchange
Network. Patrons attending the concert previews will receive a coupon for a
10-percent discount on tickets for the March 5 Rochester concert.

The library schedule:

-- Monday, Lake City Public Library

-- Tuesday, Dodge Center Public Library

-- Wednesday, Austin Public Library

-- Thursday, JEM Theatre, Harmony

-- Friday, Cannon Falls Public Library

All programs are at 7 p.m.

___ (c)2016 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160223-RC-Hardanger-ahead-Nordic-fiddlers-on-their-way-0223-20160223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2016 Post-Bulletin


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           September 8, 2005 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

BIG EASY'S ZYDEPUNKS PLANNINGTO WEATHER STORM WITH CONCERT

BYLINE: By Patrick Verel Staff Writer

SECTION: APPLAUSE; Pg. O04

LENGTH: 540 words


New Orleans has been damaged by ravaging floods, but a part of the Crescent
City's musical heritage will live on in a show by The Zydepunks on Saturday at
the Imperial Theatre.

The Hellblinki Sextet is teaming up with the same groups that helped them
celebrate the release of the CD A Pirate Broadcast in the fall for a special
theatrical performance. For openers, the band also tapped Athens, Ga.-based Hope
for a Golden Summer and The Zydepunks, whose bayou klezmer cabaret songs will
ring with much more poignancy now that their home has been nearly obliterated.

Speaking from his drummer's parents' house in Greenville, S.C., Christian
Kuffner, who sings and plays accordion and fiddle, wasn't optimistic about
returning to his home in the Bywater neighborhood, which he left at 2 a.m. Aug.
28. He thinks it survived the flooding that resulted when Lake Pontchartrain
burst through levees weakened by Hurricane Katrina, but he's worried about
looters. Aside from his computer hard drive, his accordions and a few other
possessions, most of his belongings are still there.

"The idea in my mind was it would be bad, but I figured it'd flood and we'd be
out of power for a week or two at most," he said.

Two of the group's members have family in Greenville, so for now, that's their
home. Mr. Kuffner told a newly hired fiddle player, who was evacuated to Texas,
to sit tight, and the band has canceled a performance in Pensacola, Fla. He and
accordion and fiddle player Eve Venema plan to move to Asheville, N.C., to find
work and take some time off from the band, but the Augusta show will go on.

"It's going to be pretty awkward, because we haven't practiced, but we'll pull
it off," he said.

It helps that he's from Ecuador, and his family already is spread around there
and the United States. It was Cajun and zydeco music that drew Mr. Kuffner to
New Orleans in the first place. With four languages at his disposal and a deep
love of traditional folk music and punk rock, he and his bandmates have been
able to perform music as varied as Cajun, Irish, Romanian, Quebecois, German and
French. Living in New York City on Sept. 11, 2001, was traumatic, too, but
nothing compares to this experience.

"(Back then,) I was just like, 'I just want to go home'; now my home has been
destroyed," Mr. Kuffner said. "There's no city in America like it, and I don't
know where else I'd like to go."

In addition to the last Zydepunks show before they take a long break, headliner
Hellblinki Sextet will revisit the theatrical collaboration they presented in
the fall. Andrew Benjamin, of Hellblinki, said the bulk of the show will be
multimedia collaboration between Hellblinki, Behind the Masque actors and film
manipulator Projexorcism.

The theme for the performance, Hellblinki Goes to the Library, will be acted out
to the tune of current songs. After the theatrical show, the band will play a
regular set of old favorites.

"We're kind of blurring the lines between what a band on stage would be like
versus what a sound track would be," he said. "It's like a collage with all
these audio and video elements; we've montaged them together to create a story
and a whole new world."

Reach Patrick Verel at (706) 823-3332

or patrick.verel@augustachronicle.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 3, 2015 Thursday

Oklahoma news briefs for Sept. 3

BYLINE: From Staff Reports

SECTION:

LENGTH: 300 words


STATEWIDEBlood drive is planned FridayA&nbsp;tailgate party will greet blood
donors at all Oklahoma Blood Institute centers on Friday. &nbsp;From 9 a.m. to 4
p.m., donors get their choice of Oklahoma State University orange or University
of Oklahoma crimson game-day T-shirts.&nbsp;The Oklahoma Beef Council will
provide hot dogs as it teams with OBI to 'beef up' the blood supply for the
Labor Day weekend.&nbsp; Donors will be entered in a contest to win two tickets
to the 2015 Bedlam football game on Nov. 28.The OBI has centers at 901 N Lincoln
Blvd., 5105 N Portland &nbsp;Ave., 3409 S Broadway, Suite 300, in Edmond; and
1004 24th Ave. NW, Suite 101, in Norman.&nbsp;OBI provides blood for all
metro-Oklahoma City hospitals and medical facilities across the state. For
location information or to schedule an appointment, visit www.obi.org or call
(877) 340-8777.FROM STAFF REPORTSGROVEFiddle camp is plannedFiddling and food
are on tap at Grand Lake over the Labor Day weekend.

The Jana Jae Fiddle Camp will be Friday through Sunday at Snider's Campground,
south of Grove.Visitors are encouraged to bring lawn chairs.Barbecue will be
served on Friday and fried fish on Saturday for $8.Entertainment includes the
Osage Stomp String Band, Cowboy Jim Garling and Jae, followed by a jam
session.The Amateur Fiddle Contest is scheduled for Saturday, registration is $5
with cash awards going to the top three winners in six divisions. Daytime fiddle
workshops will be held at the Grove Civic Center on Saturday and Sunday from 10
a.m. to 4 p.m.&nbsp; All participants will be featured in the Fiddle Camp finale
at 3 p.m. Sunday at the Civic Center.&nbsp; Admission is free.For more
information or to register for the workshops go to www.grandlakefestivals.com or
call (918) 786-8896.FROM STAFF REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                          September 12, 2007 Wednesday

Riverview fiddler honoured by peers

BYLINE: By Yvon Gauvin Times & Transcript staff

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 409  words


Ever the modest man, Ivan Hicks humbly acknowledges the accolades from his
peers.

Hicks was recently presented with a lifetime achievement award from Canadian
fiddling masters for his more than 60 years promoting fiddle music and playing
the role of unofficial ambassador of Down East fiddle music.

But that's not why he launched into what has amounted to a second career.

It was his love of music and fiddle music even if he did start out as a singer
and guitar player in a band.

The Riverview resident says he also enjoys other styles of music including
classical, but fiddling music is what he has become synonymous with, playing at
countless venues big and small across the Maritimes, across Canada and into the
United States over the years, his wife, Vivian, often accompanying him on the
piano.

A teacher and educator by profession, Hicks took it upon himself to teach others
to play the fiddle and help promote and preserve the tradition of old time
fiddle music.

His Sussex Avenue Fiddlers which he formed years ago from students attending his
fiddle classes in his finished basement often join him at many of his scheduled
appearances.

Hicks' dad was a fiddler which would explain some of his roots in fiddle music.

The Canadian Grand Master lifetime achievement award was announced during the
grand masters fiddling championships in Nepean, Ont.

It recognizes the outstanding contributions to fiddle music and its preservation
in Canada.

Among past recipients of the award was New Brunswick legend Ned Landry.

Hicks also composes fiddle music and has recorded a number of songs some of
which have gained national play including the Purple Velvet Waltz, Gram Lu's
Waltz and I'm the Fiddle Maker.

He says he still has another 20 or so ready for recording. Hicks is also co-
founder and director of the Maritime Fiddlers Association and director of the
National Old Time Fiddlers Association USA.

When not playing before the public, the master fiddler has been invited to judge
many fiddling contests across North America including sitting as a judge at the
prestigious grand masters championships listening to the emerging top fiddlers
in the country compete for prizes and bragging rights. Hicks has judged the
event three times now.

Hicks has no intentions of giving up public appearances just yet, so long as the
people continue to come out and enjoy the music even if it means maintaining the
hectic pace and travel to stage, television and radio performances.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 6, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

The Grass Is Always Bluer . . .;
. . . on the other side of the Alleghenies. At West Virginia's Purple Fiddle, at
least, offbeat mountain music thrives.

BYLINE: Linton Weeks, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Style; C02

LENGTH: 1109 words


On this sweet, serene Saturday night, people have come from all over tarnation
to the cultural epicenter of the Potomac Highlands -- Thomas, W.Va.

With a theater, a music hall that also shows classic films and a general feeling
of creativity, this little village is alive with sophistication and surprise.
Especially in the autumn, when the maples are the color of a bluegrass fiddle
and the air as sharp as a silvered-steel E string.

At the heart of the artsiness is the Purple Fiddle. It's a magical oasis in a
desert of nowheres -- first-class food emporium meets Internet hot spot meets
smart-aleck country store meets family game room meets bluegrass hoedown heaven.

Hunched over a table, Adam Waddell, 20, and Kellee Gomomola, 23, both of
Friendsville, Md., play Trivial Pursuit with Liz Salsbury, 23, who lives near
Deep Creek Lake, Md. They sip on drinks and draw cards and ask questions and
wait for the music. "We just," Salsbury  says with a sweet grin, "like, you
know, like, come here and, you know, we like . . . "

"The atmosphere!" Waddell says.

"And the fantastic grilled cheese!" Gomomola adds.

White-bearded Bob Reecer, 66, from Rough Run, W.Va., is here for the night's
featured entertainment, Candlewyck, a four-person band from Charlotte. A retired
computer specialist with the Library of Congress, Reecer has been to the Purple
Fiddle before to hear the music. His wife, Norvell Jones, 59, who is retired
from the National Archives, adds, "The ice cream is good, too."

As I watch from a table in the back, I remember last year when our family first
found the Fiddle. It was open-mike night and two very young extended-family
members, whose father is a labor organizer in New Haven, Conn., took the stage
and belted out union songs, much to the delight of all the coal miners'
daughters and sons in the audience.

This year, my wife, Jan, our 15-year-old son, Holt, and I drive the 22 miles
south on Route 219 from Deep Creek Lake to Thomas to hear Candlewyck, enjoy the
food and bask in, like, you know, like, the atmosphere of the Purple Fiddle.

A little after 8:30, Candlewyck tunes up and sails into several hard-core
bluegrass numbers, such as "Whatcha Gonna Say?," "Crooked Creek Road" and two
songs about dogs. They play numbers by Bill Monroe and the New Grass Revival.

People clap. Children dance. Old folks tap their toes. The Purple Fiddle rocks.
Holt smiles and says he likes it, but I'm not sure he really likes it. It is
stump-thumping twang music. But I'm delighted to be here, far from surveillance
blimps and partisan sniping.

Getting to Thomas from Deep Creek Lake is no swift feat. The road wraps and
winds around West Virginia like duct tape. Along the way -- after crossing the
Maryland-West Virginia line -- we stop at "The Smallest Church in 48 States,"
Our Lady of the Pines in Horse Shoe Run, W.Va. It's a sure-enough minuscule,
yellow-stone sanctuary with six pews. The church seats 12.

On down Highway 219 is a little offshoot road to the Fairfax Stone, one of the
oldest boundary markers in America. It dates back to 1681 when Charles II of
England deeded 6 million acres to Lord Hopton. Lord Fairfax inherited the land
in the early 1700s,  and the stone became a key landmark on the western boundary
between Maryland and West Virginia. The stone also sits at the headspring of the
Potomac River.

While you're in the area, you might want to check out Blackwater Falls State
Park, which has 20 miles of hiking trails; Canaan Valley State Park, which has
fall and winter activities; Dolly Sods National Wilderness Area; and Seneca
Rocks.

But if you stay on 219, you eventually wind up in Thomas, a pretty much
forgotten hamlet (pop. 813) on the banks of the Blackwater River. The Purple
Fiddle, in the old DePollo General Store, stands on the riverside drag along
with a few other operative enterprises, including an insurance company, Picket
Patch antiques, Miners & Merchants Bank (est. 1902) and Tantrums, a frisky
little shop offering "wearable art for headstrong folks." A pink purse hangs in
the window.

There is also activity at the Valley Ridge Theatre, where actors are performing
a Shakespeare tribute. It's that kind of hamlet.

Founded in Wisconsin in 1970, the theater moved to West Virginia in the early
1990s. The 2004 season will conclude with "A Tuna Christmas" on a couple of
weekends in December.

On this night, the Purple Fiddle is high-strung.

It's a great-looking three-story joint. On one side of the building, two huge
wooden bears -- each with a cub crawling up a leg -- flank church-like
wood-and-stained-glass doors. On the other side, a little sign reads: "Hippies
Use Side Door." Owners John and Kate Bright live on the top two floors of the
Fiddle.

There is a foosball table out front where people smoke and play. There is also a
huge black metal safe covered with refrigerator-magnet poetry and chalk-written
announcements -- "Thursday, Movie Nite, Rashomon, 8 p.m." Step inside the
swinging screen front doors and you're greeted by an eclectic range of things.

For sale: handmade soaps. Purple Fiddle lip balm. Various types of tea. Jams.
Jellies. Hiking guides. Old-fashioned greeting cards. Tie-dyed shirts. And
magnetic poetry.

Not for sale: Old musical instruments. Antique skis. A washboard. A beautiful
quilt.

Jan and I order a beer from the more than four dozen brew choices on the menu.
Holt calls for a cookies-and-cream milkshake. Jan orders a salad, I ask for a
beau Thai chicken wrap and Holt goes for the special: a smoked-trout cake
sandwich, made with West Virginia fish, chipotle sauce, coleslaw, lettuce and
tomato. The chicken wrap and the trout sandwich are subtly outstanding. Jan's
salad is reasonably priced.

There is live music on Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights.

Holt again says he likes the place. But I'm not sure he really likes it.

Sometime during the first set, banjoist Jon Cornatzer and guitarist Ty Bennett
tell the full house that if they have come to hear bluegrass, they won't like
the next song. "We might chase you away," says one of the band members.

Nobody flees. The song turns out to be a rollicking banjo-guitar-mandolin
version of Boston's "Peace of Mind."

Then, later in the evening, Ty Bennett steps up to the microphone and says they
want to push the bluegrass envelope even further. People start clapping and
stomping as the band breaks into two of Holt's very favorite songs -- "Owner of
a Lonely Heart" and "Roundabout" by Yes. On acoustic strings, the songs are
challenging and oddly affective and effective.

Clapping with the beat and nodding his head, Holt turns around and smiles.

Now I know. He really likes it.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                            October 17, 2005 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Sound wizard Lanois opts for simple serenity this time out: New album's feel a
far cry from the Acadian fiddle music he was raised on

BYLINE: John P. McLaughlin, The Province

SECTION: E-TODAZ; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 433  words


It's interesting to listen to Daniel Lanois' current Belladonna album, with his
moody pedal steel-guitar curling over that richly ambient, meditative backdrop,
and contrast it with the boot-stomping, fiddle-sawing kitchen music he grew up
with. Just into his 50s, he's a direct link to a culture from the 19th century
and beyond.

Born in the Ottawa Valley of French-Canadian and Acadian stock, his father
played fiddle as did his father before him. Mother and grandmother sang.
Weekends, family and friends came over, cards were dealt, bottles produced and
the fiddles magically appeared. Lanois still remembers the old-timers
step-dancing.

He was 10 years old when his parents divorced and he moved with his mother and
siblings to gritty, industrial Hamilton.

"It was kinda between Buffalo and Detroit," says Lanois, "and there was a lot of
amazing R&B and soul music on the airwaves. I got to hear a lot of Wilson
Pickett, Sam & Dave, James Brown, Joe Tex. I heard 'It's a maaan's world' on the
radio and you're a little kid in your bedroom and it's like, 'Wow, sounds
dangerous!'"

One day a travelling salesman came to the door offering accordion or lap
steel-guitar lessons. Young Danny chose lap steel.

Soon he got a little reel-to-reel tape recorder, experimented with that for a
while and kept getting better and better equipment until eventually he and his
brother took over the basement with a basic homemade studio and started renting
out time. Future Motown funk dude Rick James was an early client and there was a
local gospel association that brought in groups from all over. Lanois wound up
recording most of them: "Did a record in two days. I did dozens and dozens."

Later he'd open and operate his successful Grant Avenue Studio in Hamilton and
later still, go out and man the faders for everybody from U2 and Peter Gabriel
to Bob Dylan -- Lanois is a prominent figure in Dylan's new Chronicles
autobiography -- but the fun and excitement of those early, primitive sessions
would never be replicated.

He had today's most sophisticated equipment on hand when he recorded Belladonna
in a tiny Mexican village where the chapel bell still rings at seven each
evening. Amazing -- all that technology to catch such simple, primal serenity.

"We're only awake X amount of hours a day," says Lanois, "and if some of your
hours are spent in tranquility . . . where the loudest thing you hear is a bug
flying by, your mind is going to be thinking different things." jpmac@gmx.net

IN CONCERT

DANIEL LANOIS

Where: Commodore Ballroom, 868 Granville St.

When: Tonight at 8

Tickets: $30 at Ticketmaster, 604-280-4444

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Daniel Lanois' life changed when a travelling salesman arrived on his
doorstep.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              July 13, 2008 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

FIDDLE CONCERT

SECTION: A&E; Pg. G4

LENGTH: 247 words


On Sunday, July 20, you can pretend you're spending summer in Norway - the land
of the midnight sun - as you listen to the lively sounds of the hardingfele, the
traditional hardanger folk fiddle of Norway. Bring your dancing shoes and leave
the lutefisk at home.

Vidar Underseth and Leikny Aasen will entertain with the traditional music and
dance of western coastal Norway. Both are award-winning musicians and/or dancers
and are here as instructors at the 2008 Hardanger Fiddle Music and Dance
Workshops being held at Folklore Village in Dodgeville this week.

While it's too late to enroll in the workshops, you can still make plans to
attend a concert sponsored by the Hardanger Fiddle Association of America at
Advent Lutheran Church/Madison Christian Community Church, 7118 Old Sauk Road.
Tickets are $10 each at the door; $5 for children. The performance begins at
7:30 p.m. on Sunday, July 20.

After hearing the sounds of Norway, you may even want to learn how to fiddle.
The Madison and southern Wisconsin area now has a monthly meeting of hardanger
fiddlers, the Fykerud'n Spelemannslag. It is named after Lars Fykerud, who was
an accomplished hardanger fiddle player at the end of the 19th century, and
spelemannslag, which is Norwegian for a local fiddle players' group. The group
is subdivided into beginning and advanced fiddlers with separate practice
sessions.

For more information about the concert or the Fykerud'n Spelemannslag, visit
www.hfaa.org or call 608-236-0468.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hardanger Fiddle Association of America Vidar Underseth and Leikny
Aasen are Norwegian champion dancers and musicians.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 23, 2005 Thursday

Centerville public forum slated tonight

BYLINE: Adele Koehnen

SECTION: CENTERVILLE BELLBROOK; Pg. Z2-1

LENGTH: 941 words


The Centerville City Council is calling some neighbors to the fifth in a series
of meetings to reach out to residents to learn more about the city's programs
and services.

At 7 p.m. today in the Centerville High School West Commons, 500 E. Franklin
St., residents in areas south of Centerville Station Road, north of Franklin
Street to south of Zengel Drive, Deer Run and Whispering Oaks are invited to
attend.

More specifically, the plats are: South Pleasant Hill, Huber Plat, Zengel Plat,
Deer Run Condos, Fallenoak Trace, Wythe Parish, Terrace Villa, Gorman Plat,
Weidner's Addition, Lake Glen Estates, St. Leonard, Black Oak South, Centerville
Station, Walnut Hills Estates, Park Place and East Park Place.

Issues to be discussed are the Centerville Police Neighborhood Watch program; an
update on Create the Vision; information on permits, zoning and property
maintenance; and new business development.

This is an opportunity to talk to City Council members, city staff and Mayor
Mark Kingseed about concerns and plans for Centerville.

Attendees are asked to enter Centerville High by using the western entrance
driveway, turn left at the first parking lot and enter the north door.

For more information, call Centerville Municipal Offices at 433-7151.

Girl dancing to Ireland

Dreams are coming true for 12-year-old Victoria Dershem, who has been Irish
dancing since the age of 4 with the Celtic Academy of Irish Dance, 85 Woodman
Drive in Kettering.

Not only talented in dancing, she has taken still another step, studying the
fiddle for several years as a student of Larry Sanger, also of the Celtic
Academy.

The soon-to-be eighth-grader at Kettering Middle School, "Tory" as her friends
call her, will be traveling to Letterkenny County Donegal this summer to compete
in the Fladh Cheoil nah Eireann, the All-Ireland World Music Competition in both
vocal and fiddle events.

"I have done lots of Celtic dancing at A World A'fair, for the Ancient Order of
Hibernians and the Dubliner in Cincinnati and many other places like nursing
homes and community things, but to go to Ireland is my real dream ... and I'm
going to do it," Tory said.

"I qualified for it by being in the Midwest Fleadh Cheoil, taking third place in
fiddle and seconds in both vocal and fiddle."

Her mother and father, Leslie and Linda Dershem, who are of Irish descent and
live in Kettering, are going along to see their daughter's dream come true.

Kettering man, former DESC worker honored

Robert E. Cooper of Kettering was chosen as one of the first nine citizens to be
inducted into the Defense Supply Center Hall of Fame in Columbus.

Cooper was chosen for his special work at the Dayton Electronic Service Center -
DESC - that moved to Columbus a few years after Cooper retired.

He was the only Dayton-area person to be inducted.

Cooper was instrumental in the creation and ongoing development of key programs
used in the electronics procurement arena.

He developed the Standard Microcircuit Drawing Program and is designing a
long-term humidity-controlled storage system for microcircuits.

He retired from federal service in 1989, but continued his work in the community
as one of the founders of the Urban People project in Dayton, addressing the
lack of housing for low-income families.

Historical society elects new officers

Mariada Zengel, affectionately known as "Bootie," has been elected president of
the board of trustees of the Centerville-Washington Twp. Historical Society.

Her husband, Adam, and she have been members of the society since 1979, becoming
life members in 2003.

Nancy Achor was elected first vice president; Berneta Daley, second vice
president; Carolyn Barthel and Sue Price will share the duties of secretary; and
Brad Thorp was re-elected treasurer.

Sue Hufnagle, former trustee president, will serve as an exofficio member of the
executive committee.

The board of trustees also welcomed two new members: community businessmen Jim
Moore and Jerry Strange.

Students in the news

* Betsy West Suver graduated magna cum laude with a juris doctorate degree from
the University of Dayton School of Law recently.

Suver served as editor of the Law Review and was one of six published students.

She is an alumna of the Miami Valley School and Ohio University.

Suver's parents are Barbara and Jim Collins of Centerville, and Jim and Kathie
West of Philadelphia, Pa.

* Robert C. Walter graduated magna cum laude with university honors with
distinction from Miami University majoring in political science.

At Miami, he was captain of a nationally recognized Miami University Mock Trial
team.

The 2002 graduate of Carroll High School in Riverside plans to attend Notre Dame
University School of Law in the fall.

His parents are John and Michele Walter of Kettering.

* Joseph Reeves, a 2004 graduate of Alter High School, received a $500
scholarship from the Ohio State University ROTC Alumni Society at the annual
Department of Military Science and Leadership Spring Awards ceremony.

His parents are David and Becky Reeves of Sugarcreek Twp.

* Emily Helm graduated from Wright State University School of Medicine and has
been accepted into the Emergency Medicine Program at St. John's Hospital in
Michigan.

She will begin her residency next month.

Her parents are Chris and David Helm of Washington Twp.

If you or a friend or relative recently achieved an honor, or your club or
organization has an activity that would make interesting reading, call Adele U.
Koehnen at 433-1552, e-mail her at adeleauk@aol.com or fax her at 433-1194. You
can also send a typewritten notice to Neighborhood News Department, Dayton Daily
News, 45 S. Ludlow St., Dayton, OH 45402. We want to hear from you.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                             March 12, 2013 Tuesday

What's Happening in Oroville

BYLINE: Oroville Mercury-Register

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 1590 words


Oroville's Old Time Fiddlers County Gospel Jam is March 14

The jam will be 5:30-8 p.m. in the Oroville Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St.
Musicians from across California, here for the annual California State Open
Fiddle and Picking Championship contest (March 14-16), will participate. Local
acoustic music groups, church choirs and all gospel music makers from the Butte
County area and beyond are encouraged to register in advance; call Larry Jendro,
533-1413. Registered groups will be scheduled to perform three gospel numbers
between 5:30-7 p.m. From 7-8 p.m. individuals or groups may sign up on a
blackboard to perform one or two songs. The organization covers 10 districts and
extends from Redding to San Diego.

47th annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and Picking
Championship March 15-16

The event starts at 3 p.m. Friday with an opening ceremony, followed by
competition in the Fiddle Division: Senior-senior (70 and older); Senior
(60-69). Awards at 5:50 p.m. The Saturday schedule is: 7:30 a.m. registration; 8
a.m. competition for Fiddle Divisions; Young adults (18-36), Junior (13-17),
Junior-junior (9-12), and Pee Wee (8 and younger). Also Adult (37-59), Open (any
age), Junior twin (17 and older), Open twin (any age). Picking competition
begins with Open (any age) and Junior (17 and younger). Awards for these
divisions will be give at approximately 8 and 9 p.m. Schedules, rules and
registration forms at Houser's Music or Auditorium in Oroville; or print from
www.orovilleoldtimefiddlers.com. Free admission, but donations appreciated. Food
sold. Held at Oroville Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St. Musicians from
across California will compete; the Old Time fiddle Association organization
covers 10 districts, from Redding to San Diego.

Women's History Month Salad Tea Luncheon

The American Association of University Women will host their annual luncheon
starting 1 p.m. on March 16 at the Oroville Presbyterian Church, 2350 Foothill
Blvd. The program includes a look at women in the field of anthropology,
presented by Merrily Stover, and music by Katy Ryan and Matthew Mitchell.
Proceeds support Tech Trek, a week-long math and science camp at Davis for
seventh-grade girls. Tickets are $20 and reservation deadline is March 12. Call
Joline Hibbert, 533-5577, or email hibbjandj@oroville.com

St. Patrick's Luncheon fundraiser for Oroville Veterans Memorial Park

The corned beef and cabbage lunch, 11 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. on March 13, will be
served at the FRSCA Center, 1335 Myers St. Lunch also includes a drink, roll and
dessert, with take out orders available. Cost is $8 and advance tickets are
available at Betty Jean's or Coffee Diem. Proceeds go towards construction of
the park on Montgomery Street. Event sponsored by the Oroville Downtown Business
Association; information, John, 533-2721. For information about the park, visit
orovilleveteransmemorialpark.org.

Annual Oroville Knights of Columbus dinner is March 16

Doors will open at 5 p.m. and the corned beef and cabbage dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. at St. Thomas the Apostle Church hall, 1330 Bird St. Cost is $10 for
adults; $7 for seniors 65 and older; $5 for children ages 5-11. Tickets at the
St. Thomas School Office, Marcozzi Jewelers, Modern Cleaners and Briggs
Firestone. For information, call Jim Cupido, 533-5599.

Oroville Hunger Walk to raise money and food for local hunger relief

The Cooperating Christian Churches of Oroville organized this first walk to
start at Riverbend Park on March 16. Sign-ups begin 8:30 a.m., with coffee and
donuts served, followed by the approximately 2-mile walk at 9 a.m. Rest stations
will be set up at churches and vans will cruise the route to pick up those who
cannot complete the walk or wish to walk a short distance. Donations will be
accepted prior to the walk or the day of the walk. All money and food raised
will go to Feed the People Ministries, Oroville Rescue Mission, Oroville
Salvation Army, The Hope Center and other groups. Member sponsors are First
congregational Church, First United Methodist Church, Oroville Rescue Mission,
Raven Ministries, St. Paul's Episcopal Church, St. Thomas the Apostle Catholic
Church, The Hope Center, Trinity Bible Church and Trinity Presbyterian Church.
To make a donation or get involved, call 534-0354 or 534-9455.

Reservations are required for the annual Sutter Buttes Hike March 17

The hike on St. Patrick's Day is limited to 30 people and cost is $35 for
members and $40 for non-members. The hike is sponsored by the Butte County
Historical Society. Call 534-8146 or visit buttecountyhistoricalsociety.org for
more information or to make reservations.

cBolt's Antique Tool Museum showcases tools from war heroes

The Museum has created a series of displays with donated tools and military
service information about the donors. One features Lt. Col. Jack Bolt (not
related to the museum's founder) who was a Black Sheep Squadron pilot and flying
ace in WW II and the Korean War. The museum also houses tools from 4,000 years
ago thought to be made by Egyptians and Romans in 400 B.C.; a barbed-wire
collection, old gas pumps, blacksmith tools and more than 11,000 other tools.
Some gift items are also sold. The museum is at 1650 Broderick St. and is open
Sundays, 11:45 a.m. to 3:45 p.m.; Monday through Saturday, 10 a.m. to 3:45 p.m.
538-2528 or 538-2415.

VFW Post 9602 and Auxiliary will host a spaghetti dinner March 22

The dinner will be from 5-8 p.m. at Oroville Veterans Memorial Hall, 2374
Montgomery St. Dinner also includes salad with dressings and garlic bread. Cost
is $8 for ages 10 and older; free to those under 10. Separate dessert table.
Proceeds support the Post and Auxiliary activities and projects. Tickets
available at the door. Information, 532-0561.

Oroville Ducks Unlimited fundraising banquet March 22

Purchase tickets now for the dinner at Feather Falls Casino, 3 Alverda Drive.
Doors will open at 5:30 p.m., followed by dinner at 6 p.m. The door prize this
year is a Polaris Sportsman ATV 550 with gun rack. The Gun Table Package is
$1,500, which includes eight prime rib dinners, eight Ducks Unlimited
memberships, eight entries into the door prize drawing, eight Ducks Unlimited
hats and glassware for eight. One member will win a gun with choice of either a
Browning BPS DU Edition 12-gauge shotgun, or a Savage Axis Scoped Rifle in .243,
.30-06 or .308 caliber. Also live and silent auctions, raffle, ladies raffle and
games. This event sells out. Tickets $75 single, $125 couple, $45 Greenwing
(youth), $395 sponsor, $435 sponsor couple. Supports wetlands conservation. Greg
Kostick, 515-2345, or Dan Daniluke, 534-8126.

PAWS People for Pets Party is March 23

This annual benefit will feature a "Down Home" Country Spaghetti Feed, no-host
beer and wine bar, dancing to the country music of Jim Halsey and Jeff Rubeck
and a silent auction and raffle. Doors will open at 5:30 p.m. at Southside
Community Center, 2959 Lower Wyandotte Road, Oroville. The dinner, catered by
Sherry McKenzie, also includes garlic bread, salad and dessert. Advance tickets
are $18 or $20 at the door. Tables for 10 may be reserved in advance. For
information or to reserve tables, call 589-1265. Tickets may be purchased at
PAWS Thrift and Gift, Oroville; Heaven Scent Candles & More, Paradise; and PAW
Prints Quality, Chico.

Chili Cooks needed for cook-off

Thermalito Grange is in need of Chili cookers for their annual Chili Cook-off.
Applications are available now. The cook-off is April 6. Applications will be
taken until March 31. The entry fee is $10. For information call Cheri at
591-9018 or 532-4529.

Sixth annual Wildflower Festival is April 7

Feather River Recreation will host the festival, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., at Riverbend
Park. Vendors will offer items pertaining to wildlife and nature, including
native plant sales, photography, bug jewelry, custom carved signs, poppy seed
give-aways and pony rides. Informational booths will also be set up. Free tours
will be given to Table Mountain with transportation available; $3 per person.
Call 533-2011 for hike times and more information.

Sank Park Craft Faire sign ups available

The Oroville Docent Association is looking for crafters to sign up for the
annual Feather Fiesta Days Craft Faire May 11. Participants may apply now for a
space at the Sank Park Lott Home in Oroville. Contact Carol at 589-1299 or
carolbrown60@comcast.net

Vendor space for Feather Fiesta Days Goldrush Lot on May 11

Space reservations for food, game, information and product booths in downtown
Oroville may be made now. Contact Mike Isch, 534-9005, 589-0952 or 520-0258;
stop by Northwestern Trading Co.; or go to www.orovilllechamber.net (calendar of
events) for more information. Oroville Downtown Business Association.

Women's Coffee Social

A new drop-in social gathering for women in their 50s, 60s or older will be
forming in the Oroville area. The group will feature discussions about lifelong
learning, inspiration, fellowship, community resource, networking and more.
Those who are retired or new to the community are welcome. They will meet from
9:30-11 a.m. Wednesdays. Location is to be announced. Contact Lynndee Caput at
533-0780 or email lynndeecaput@yahoo.com

Nonprofit groups and community organizations can submit items for "What's
Happening in Oroville" by emailing the pertinent information to
whatshappening@orovillemr.com, fax it to 342-3617 or mail it to: What's
Happening in Oroville, P.O. Box 9, Chico, CA 95927. Please include your name and
telephone number on all correspondences.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             July 15, 2010 Thursday

N.B. Country music hall of fame's new members

BYLINE:

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 1476  words


The 2010 inductees to the New Brunswick Country Music Hall of Fame have been
announced and the gala reception, induction banquet and concert are just three
months away. The 300 banquet seats at this year's venue, North Carleton High
School in Bristol, are well on their way to selling out. Reserve or arrange for
your tickets now if you want to attend the full event.

Tickets this year are $40 for the complete reception, banquet, induction and
concert (concert-only tickets $15) and available at Books Inn, Miramichi
622-1185; Stitching Post, Bathurst 548-8706; Morris Music 672-5556 and Saint
John Sewing Centre,634-8757 in Saint John; Morris Music Sussex, 433-5656; Ivan
Hicks, Riverview 386-2996; Mavis O'Donnell, Fredericton 472-7534 or cell
470-3385; and in Perth-Andover at Nissens Market 273-2901. They can also be had
by calling the host motel, Florenceville Motor Inn toll-free at 1-866-390-0212,
visiting www.florencevillemotorinn.ca, or by calling 472-7534 or 470-3385. Let
them know you're attending the Hall of Fame Gala for special room rates.

And now, introducing the five 2010 NBCMHF Inductees:

* Dwane Drost was born in Toronto in 1957 and moved to Hartfield, N.B., when he
was eight years old with his parents. He fell in love with country music and
performed onstage the first time at 14. Hearing a Woodstock audience's applause,
he realized he wanted to be a country singer. A self-taught vocalist, songwriter
and guitarist he has released three CDs of original songs. Two singles, released
by the H.M.G. Higgins Nashville based music group, have climbed both European
and North American charts. A song he wrote in praise of Canadian service
personnel Thank A Vet, gained very quick international acclaim and he received
letters from Her Royal Majesty Queen Elizabeth, the then British Prime Minister
Tony Blair and former U.S. president George Bush, Sr. Dwane was a regular on the
Aubrey Hanson &Friends TV show. In 2004, he signed with Nashville's Magic
Dolphin Music Group. He is a regular on the N.B. Country Showcases, donates a
portion of CD sales to charity and has embraced country gospel.

* Shirley Marie Haines was born in Bath in 1946 and has played and sang country
and bluegrass for more than 40 years. At 19, Shirley was already a
multi-instrumentalist with a wide English and French repertoire. She has been
part of duos and trios with Bill Canam, Doug Chase and Bob Jones and several
bands in the province. In recent years, as a member of Borderline Bluegrass,
Shirley has played the annual Paul Bunyan Festival in Bangor and Nightdrifter's
Detroit Festival in Troy, Me. Shirley plays guitar, fiddle, piano keyboard,
accordion, mandolin and harmonica. She has organized, promoted and been MC for
hundreds of shows and recorded two albums of songs at Calvin Deleavey's Studios.
Musicians and singers from all over New Brunswick and Maine come to perform on
her weekly Jamborees in Woodstock. She gives of her time freely to many
fundraisers.

* Herb and Lorraine Isbill were both born in 1939, Herb in Norton, Lorraine in
Saint John. Herb appeared on local shows in the late 1950s as a singing guitar
player and was soon guesting on concerts, radio and TV shows such as Earl
Mitton's Valley Rhythm Boys, CHSJ's Maritime Farmers, and Fredericton's Capitol
Co-Op Jamborees. In the early 1960s, Herb won a contest put on by Saint John
music entrepreneur Art Marr and eventually became a regular on Marr's Lily Lake
Jamborees and at Club XL. He and Lorraine married in1967. Herb was befriended by
Capitol Records recording star Dick Curless, frequently featured on the Marr
shows, giving him billing at Quebec and Vermont concerts. Dick offered to help
Herb with a Nashville career but he elected to stay in New Brunswick. After Art
Marr closed his promotions in the late '70s Herb and Lorraine became a club duo,
Lorraine sang leads and harmony. They played many venues, becoming regulars at
Mama George's Restaurant in Midland and several legions. After Lorraine's death
in 1998, Herb took a hiatus from music. But a few years ago, he became a regular
at Marie Short concerts.

* Lawrence Frederick LaFrance was born in Tilley, N.B., in 1939. He grew up in a
very musical family and played lead guitar for more than 25 years with the
George Mauder Dance Band. A multi-instrumentalist, when a square dance was
called for, Lawrence would trade his guitar for a fiddle to play jigs, reels and
waltzes from his wide repertoire. During this time, he acquired a reputation as
an uncompromising fiddle instructor, who turned many young and older fiddle
students into competent musicians. He also has composed more than a dozen fiddle
tunes celebrating his beloved Victoria County and his province: tunes such as
The Bell Grove Reel, Reed's Island Waltz, Bald Peek Reel and Pokiok Waltz,
beautiful tributes to places he loves. He has also written tunes about friends,
members of the Wednesday Night Fiddlers with whom he has played piano since
1989. At 70, he is still playing music and, because of the thousands of tunes he
has stored in memory, is recognized as a resource.

* Doug Chase, is a posthumous inductee. Born in Fredericton in 1927, he taught
himself to play fiddle and guitar as a young boy. In his 60s he mastered banjo
techniques. His favourite music remained Down East style fiddling, however. A
long time regular with the Valley Ramblers and Carleton County Fiddlers, he and
the late Bill Canam entertained at nursing homes, hospitals and fundraisers.
They were regulars on monthly Shogamoc Railway Jamborees and the Kinmen's annual
Christmas Miracle shows. At Woodstock's 55th Old Home Week Fiddle and Step
Dancing Contest, Doug was presented with a plaque for competing in 50 of the 55
contests, winning or placing in the top three at many. He was also honoured
during the 2009 Woodstock Old Home Week, two years after his death, for his
contribution to local music. He had worked as a sawyer in Plaster Rock and a
welder in Florenceville before retiring to North Stickney. There, he handcrafted
17 fiddles of such high tonal perfection a CBC-TV feature aired detailing their
unique construction.

Attendees may want to take advantage of a deluxe return motor coach to the Best
Western in Woodstock, with tickets to the reception, banquet, inductions,
concert and an extended continental breakfast on Sunday. Tickets start at $155
for four sharing a room, all gratuities paid. The coach leaves Sackville early
Oct. 16 with stops in Moncton, Sussex, Saint John and Fredericton to pick up
passengers. It returns after breakfast on Sunday. Call 854-1930 or
1-877-477-7076 for details.

LONG REACH PARTY Friday

Sylvia Campbell, Fraser Smith and the Long Reach Kitchen Party Gang invite you
to join them for a good old-fashioned Kitchen Party on Friday at 7 p.m. Bring an
instrument, join in, come to sing or just to listen. It's at the Frances Smith
Memorial Hall, Long Reach, Route 845, Kingston Peninsula. Admission is a $5
donation at door to help with church and hall repairs. For details, call
386-4601 or 763-3393.

ROUTE 101 COUNTRY Friday

A Route 101 Music Weekend at Patterson Settlement near Wirral starts Friday
night with Debbie McCann and Friends. It continues Saturday from 1-9 p.m. with
Coffeehouse Girls, One Acre Lot, Garth Jones, Hazel Marie Robertson,
Villageaires, Country Connection, Russell Howe, Jacqueline Rowan, Jim Hadley,
Cool Chicks &Ugly Docklings, Shirley McFee, Allison Inch, Deek McClusky, Murray
Shiels. On Sunday, starting 1 p.m., hear music from Living Water Trio, Gerry
Flower, Bob Johnson, Carol Henderson and others. Admission is by donation at
gate.

PARK AVE. FIDDLERS friday

The Park Avenue Fiddlers and Friends play Saint Ann's Church Hall Friday at 7:30
p.m. A free-will offering is requested for new church doors. There's lots of
room to dance. Coffee, tea and doughnuts will be served at the break.

PORT CITY JAMBOREE SATURDAY

Reg Gallant's Port City Jamboree on Saturday at 7 p.m. at Lorneville Community
Centre, features piano accordionist Gordon Miller and ?C' Company's Clayton and
Donna Colpitts with four star vocalists: Angela Curran, Teresa Shannon, Carol
Perry and Gordon Brown. Multi-instrumentalist Reg is host and the house band
includes Tim Wallace, Walter Prosser, C. J. Gallant, Matthew O'Connor and
Juanita Kelson. Tickets are $10 advance from Kennebecasis Drugs in Rothesay,
Grand Bay Pharmacy, Lorneville Convenience, Beats &Bytes on Bayside Drive in
Saint John and Waterton's on Charlotte Street in Saint John. They are $12 at
door.

BENEFIT DANCE MONDAY

A Benefit Dance and Live Auction on Monday at Legion Branch No. 69, Saint John
West, is in aid of Jimmy Worden (Delbert Worden's brother). The auction and
potluck is at 6 p.m. Dancing to the music of Delbert and Friends starts 8:30
p.m. Gerry Taylor www.gerrytaylor.ca has covered folk and country music for over
30 years.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2010 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 26, 2014 Saturday

Fiddle Crawl premieres with free event on May 2

BYLINE: Jessica Johnson, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 896 words


April 26--The streets in downtown Mount Airy will have a new addition on May 3,
with the premier of the Fiddle Crawl and colorful fiberglass fiddle sculptures
painted by local artists installed along the sidewalks, where they will be in
place through October. A free Fiddle Crawl Reveal will take place on May 2 at 5
p.m. at the Historic Earle Theatre in downtown Mount Airy -- a sneak-peek at the
fiddles before they are installed in their locations throughout the downtown
area.

The Fiddle Crawl Reveal will feature the 12 local artists who created the unique
works of art for the community, and the reveal of their fiddle sculptures.
Mountain Park Old-Time Band will provide music for the event a WPAQ and Kelly
Epperson will feature a live broadcast on 740 AM.

Prior to the Fiddle Crawl Reveal, Uncorked on North Main Street, located
directly beside the Historic Earle Theatre, will be open for those who wish to
drink a glass of wine and visit with the artists before the free event.

Beginning on May 3, during the Budbreak Wine and Craft Beer Festival, the public
has a chance to meet the artists, who will be standing alongside their works of
art, their fiddle creations. The public will have the chance to vote on their
favorite fiddle at Old North State Winery for a cost of $1 per vote. Artists
will receive 50 percent of the proceeds from voting.

Maps and brochures for the Fiddle Crawl are available at the visitor center and
multiple locations throughout downtown Mount Airy.

Nine of the fiddles will be auctioned off at the Fiddle Crawl Auction on Oct. 24
at Old North State Winery, at a special event featuring the music of Lacy Green
and more. Three fiddles will become public art works on the sidewalks of
downtown Mount Airy.

According to Main Street Coordinator Lizzie Morrison, the effort is a public art
initiative presented by Mount Airy Downtown Inc. It is modeled after other
successful fundraisers in North Carolina Main Street Communities and will
feature larger-than-life, three dimensional, fiberglass fiddle sculptures
painted, decorated, and embellished by local artists.

"We had a really wide variety of designs submitted by our artists," said
Morrison. "The designs ranged in style from the abstract, flowers, local
cultural references including Mayberry, dogwoods and granite, Old Time music and
family..We were so impressed at the effort of our artists. They obviously put in
so much effort and works for hours on the designs."

Fiddle Crawl artists include:

--Kayla Ellis, sponsored by F. Rees Clothing Company (permanent fiddle)

--Lizzie Morrison, sponsored by Main-Oak Emporium

--Vivian Elstone, co-sponsored by BB&T and Blue Ridge Burke Insurance

--Keenia Beck, sponsored by Moody's Funeral Services

--Kathy Pruett, sponsored by Carolina Environmental Contractors, Inc.

--Eric Leathers, co-sponsored by Surrey Bank & Trust and Perkins & Associates
Financial

--Philip Ernst, co-sponsored by the North 400 Block and Workforce Carolina

--Maria Skaskiw, sponsored by Patterson

--Andrea Morrison, sponsored by Mount Airy Rotary Club

--McKenzie Sumner, sponsored by Old North State Winery (permanent fiddle)

--Greg McCormick, sponsored by Andrew Pearson Industries and Interlam

--Mike Lowe, sponsored by McArthur's on Main (new business to open downtown in
March)

Morrison shared that they are hoping to make this an ongoing project. One of the
goals is to promote Mount Airy assets, including the hundreds of arts events
every year with downtown serving as a "backdrop" for photos.

A total of 23 artists submitted design concepts which were collected in a
notebook for sponsors to choose from the designs, on a first-come, first-served
basis, then decided where the fiddles would be placed in the downtown district.
Participating artists were given a fiberglass fiddle as his or her canvas.
Professional-grade acrylic paints with high resin levels were used to paint the
fiddles, which insured the paint would not fade over time. The fiddles were also
clear-coated to protect them from the elements.

Plaques on the base of each fiddle will recognize the sponsor and the artist. On
Oct. 24 the fiddles will be up for bid at the Fiddle Crawl Auction, with a
portion of the proceeds going to the artist. A portion of the proceeds will go
to fund downtown economic development efforts.

Other benefits of the effort include enhancing downtown appearance, promoting
arts and local businesses, creating an additional tourist attraction,
encouraging foot-traffic, and a public art initiative that will connect the
entire downtown district.

Sponsors for the Fiddle Crawl include Andrew Pearson Industries, BB&T, BB&T Blue
Ridge Burke Insurance, B&L Custom Jewelers, Brannock & Hiatt Furniture, Carolina
Environmental Contracting, Inc., Cyber Gear, F. Rees Company, Frequent Flyer
Tack Shoppe, H & R Block, Interlam, Jordan Brannock Photography, McArthur's on
Main, Moody's Funeral Services, Mount Airy Rotary Club, Old North State Winery,
Patterson Automotive Group, Perkins & Associates Financial, Robby's Sales, Inc.,
Scarlet Begonias, Surrey Bank & Trust, We Sister's Bake Shop, What's Needlin'
Ewe, and Workforce Carolina.

For more information, visit www.mountairydowntown.or and join the Downtown Mount
Airy Facebook page.

___ (c)2014 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140426-NI-Fiddle
-Crawl-premieres-with-free-event-on-May-2-0426-20140426

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2014


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The The Denver Post

                             January 8, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

A familiar tune Each year, attendees revel in the sights, sounds and traditions

BYLINE: Jordan Steffen The Denver Post

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 452 words


The sound of boot heels on concrete, clanking gate locks and the murmur and
yawns of livestock all harmonized to create an opening day many spend all year
waiting for.

The National Western Stock Show & Rodeo kicked off its 106th edition Saturday,
opening the gates to the sights, sounds and shows that have become tradition for
many families and experiences that continue to draw more in.

Gavin Hamann hit all the right notes as he drew his bow across the strings of
his tiny fiddle at the 10th annual Colorado Fiddle Championships. Just 10 months
after he picked up the fiddle, the 5-year-old pushed his black cowboy hat up on
his forehead and won the crowd over as he played "Shortnin' Bread."

On the final note, Gavin - who was more excited than nervous before his first
on-stage performance - threw his whole shoulder into the final note of his
performance.

When asked what his favorite thing about the fiddle was, Gavin's answer was
simple - playing.

Just yards away from where Gavin and others warmed up for the show, llamas and
alpacas babbled in nearby pens.

Denise Wambolt, 10, brushed her brown-spotted llama, D.C. The pair was named
Grand Champion in junior showmanship last year, and opening day at the stock
show is always the highlight of the year.

"It's so much fun," Denise said. "I look forward to it every year."

On Saturday, Denise was getting D.C. ready for the obstacle show, which is
judged on how well the llama takes commands, and the public relations show,
which judges how well a llama acts in public situations, such as parades.

The 16-day stock show draws more than 600,000 visitors and 350 vendors every
year. This year will include the first Mexican Heritage Day, organized to honor
Denver's Latino culture. The day will include the longtime favorite Mexican
Rodeo Extravaganza, two additional Mexican rodeos and a mariachi band.

When Dan Ostermiller was a boy, he and his family used to ride the train from
Cheyenne to Denver for the stock show. On Saturday, the 55-year-old said he
travels from Loveland to Denver every year for the festivities.

"It's a fabulous tradition, and this is a cowtown," Ostermiller said.

While the stock show gets bigger every year, the feeling is the same every time
he walks through the gates, Ostermiller said.

The tip jar at the Western Tradition booth was full by noon, as owner Rick
Bishop shaped hats and chatted with longtime customers. Bishop - who has had the
same stall for 32 years - said that customers who have become friends bring
their hats in on opening day.

"Everybody's excited, and we've been busy since we opened," Bishop said.

Jordan Steffen: 303-954-1794

or jsteffen@denverpost.com

Staff reporter Kristen Leigh Painter contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The The Denver Post

                             January 8, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

A familiar tune Each year, attendees revel in the sights, sounds and traditions

BYLINE: Jordan Steffen The Denver Post

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 452 words


The sound of boot heels on concrete, clanking gate locks and the murmur and
yawns of livestock all harmonized to create an opening day many spend all year
waiting for.

The National Western Stock Show & Rodeo kicked off its 106th edition Saturday,
opening the gates to the sights, sounds and shows that have become tradition for
many families and experiences that continue to draw more in.

Gavin Hamann hit all the right notes as he drew his bow across the strings of
his tiny fiddle at the 10th annual Colorado Fiddle Championships. Just 10 months
after he picked up the fiddle, the 5-year-old pushed his black cowboy hat up on
his forehead and won the crowd over as he played "Shortnin' Bread."

On the final note, Gavin - who was more excited than nervous before his first
on-stage performance - threw his whole shoulder into the final note of his
performance.

When asked what his favorite thing about the fiddle was, Gavin's answer was
simple - playing.

Just yards away from where Gavin and others warmed up for the show, llamas and
alpacas babbled in nearby pens.

Denise Wambolt, 10, brushed her brown-spotted llama, D.C. The pair was named
Grand Champion in junior showmanship last year, and opening day at the stock
show is always the highlight of the year.

"It's so much fun," Denise said. "I look forward to it every year."

On Saturday, Denise was getting D.C. ready for the obstacle show, which is
judged on how well the llama takes commands, and the public relations show,
which judges how well a llama acts in public situations, such as parades.

The 16-day stock show draws more than 600,000 visitors and 350 vendors every
year. This year will include the first Mexican Heritage Day, organized to honor
Denver's Latino culture. The day will include the longtime favorite Mexican
Rodeo Extravaganza, two additional Mexican rodeos and a mariachi band.

When Dan Ostermiller was a boy, he and his family used to ride the train from
Cheyenne to Denver for the stock show. On Saturday, the 55-year-old said he
travels from Loveland to Denver every year for the festivities.

"It's a fabulous tradition, and this is a cowtown," Ostermiller said.

While the stock show gets bigger every year, the feeling is the same every time
he walks through the gates, Ostermiller said.

The tip jar at the Western Tradition booth was full by noon, as owner Rick
Bishop shaped hats and chatted with longtime customers. Bishop - who has had the
same stall for 32 years - said that customers who have become friends bring
their hats in on opening day.

"Everybody's excited, and we've been busy since we opened," Bishop said.

Jordan Steffen: 303-954-1794

or jsteffen@denverpost.com

Staff reporter Kristen Leigh Painter contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       McAlester News-Capital (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 6, 2010 Wednesday

Home is where the heart is for McAlester violinist

BYLINE: James Beaty, McAlester News-Capital, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 609 words


Oct. 06--MCALESTER -- If home really is where the heart is, then Michael
Ginsburg is back home.

Although he grew up in Pennsylvania, Ginsburg said he fell in love with the
McAlester area when he first moved here four years to complete a program at
Narconon Arrowhead.

Now, he's ready to continue giving back to the city which he said gave so much
to him.

Ginsburg, an outstanding violinist and fiddler who won the Oklahoma State Fiddle
Champion contest after competing in 2007 will be joining renowned fellow fiddler
Jana Jae for a concert  at the Masonic Center in McAlester set 7 p.m.  on Oct.
23.

Jae, who is probably best-known for her appearances on television's long-running
"Hee-Haw" program, plays in a variety of styles.

The concert will benefit Pride in McAlester's efforts to renovate the Okla
Theater in downtown McAlester.

During their Oct. 23 concert, Jae and Ginsburg plan on playing a variety of
musical styles.

Although the two previously performed on the same concert stage during a benefit
for United Way several years ago, this time Ginsburg and Jae plan on playing a
number of duets, along with their solo performances.

"We're playing some country, some twin fiddle gypsy violin music as well as some
classical music," Ginsburg said. Also look for traces of western swing and
bluegrass, as well as some old-fashioned fiddle breakdowns as the two explore a
number of musical idioms.

They will be joined by other musicians during segments of the concert.

Pianist Kathryn Brod plans on  joining Ginsburg for some classical and jazz
selections.

Jae and Ginsburg will be performing with Jae's band. McAlester Mayor Kevin
Priddle, a guitarist who has performed with Ginsburg, will also be performing.

Jae and Ginsburg got to know each other when Ginsburg sought her advice before
he competed in the Oklahoma State Fiddle Championships in 2007.

A classically-trained violinist, he wanted to learn more about playing "fiddle."
Although they are the same instrument, playing violin and playing fiddle calls
for two completely different types of styles.

"I called her and she agreed to meet with me," Ginsburg said. "She worked with
me for about two hours."

In the 2007 championship competition, Ginsburg played three songs, including a
waltz, a breakdown and a polka -- and won the state championship in the open
division.

As a result of their friendship, Jae later traveled to McAlester for the United
Way benefit performance with Ginsburg.

These days, in addition to performing around the city, Ginsburg also gives drug
education programs in conjunction with Narconon and also gives privates lessons
for both violin and fiddle players.

The Oct. 23 concert is in conjunction with the "Take McAlester Back" movement,
which will feature several other activities on Oct. 22-23. They include a Skate
Fest event on Oct. 22 and a 10-K run on Oct. 23.

Tickets for the Michael Ginsburg and Jan Jae concert are set to be available at
the event, which has limited seating.

Advance tickets are available at the offices of Pride in McAlester, the
McAlester Chamber of Commerce and McAlester Main Street.

Tickets are $20 general admission and $50 for special seating.

Contact James Beaty at jbeaty@mcalesternews.com

To see more of the McAlester News-Capital or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.mcalesternews.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, McAlester News-Capital,
Okla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101006-ZO-Home-is-where-the-heart-is-for-McAlester-violinist-1006-20101006

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZO


                     Copyright 2010 McAlester News-Capital


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             July 12, 2010, Monday

Appreciating the music from those four strings;
It was fitting that Bobby Taylor fiddled for Byrd

BYLINE: Dave Peyton

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 485 words


IT'S said among some cultures that great fiddlers make a pact with the devil in
order to be good at the craft.

I don't believe it. Nor do I believe my fiddling friend, Joe Dobbs of St.
Albans, when he tells fans, tongue in cheek: "It only has four strings. How
difficult could it be to play?"

The answer to that one is "very difficult."

I have dragged a bow across those strings a few times, and have no idea how
great fiddlers can get music out of that instrument.

It was fitting and proper that Bobby Taylor, West Virginia fiddler par
excellence, played his music at Sen. Robert C. Byrd's memorial service at the
West Virginia Capitol and at the funeral services in Arlington, Va.,

The senator was a fiddler, and a good one.

I knew the first time I ever heard Byrd play his fiddle that he was one of us.
My first thought was "I wish my dad were still alive to hear him."

I first heard fiddle music with my dad on the old Arvin console radio that sat
in the living room of our house.

Every Saturday night, Dad would turn the lights off in the living room and turn
the radio on. An outside antenna was strung to a nearby tree so we could tune in
the WSM Grand Ole Opry. I don't know who those old Opry fiddlers were, but they
were compelling.

I didn't know at the time just how many fiddlers there were in West Virginia. No
one in our family played the fiddle. By the time I graduated from high school, I
still didn't know a fiddler personally.

In fact, I had turned my attention to rock 'n roll and had a vague feeling that
the music the old-time fiddlers played was declasse.

But in college, the folk music bug bit me hard, and I sought out all the
fiddlers I could find. Traditional fiddle music from West Virginia and environs
was as inspiring to me as a high-toned piece of classical music.

It spoke to me about my state, my people and my culture.

It still speaks to me today. Taylor's fiddling is as mesmerizing to me as those
old-time fiddlers on the Grand Ole Opry 60 years ago.

When he played at the services for Byrd, I knew the senator had departed this
vale of tears. Otherwise the senator would have jumped to his feet and danced a
jig.

Forty or 50 years ago, it appeared that perhaps old-time fiddling was about to
disappear.

Not now. Young men and women have taken up fiddling and are learning from people
such as Taylor, Dobbs, Jenny Allinder of Kanawha County and Buddy Griffin of
Glenville.

These masters and many more, along with their students, venerate the old
fiddlers, many of whom have passed, including Byrd, who it is said could have
been a professional fiddler had he not chosen politics as his profession.

It's comforting to know that there will always be those who play traditional
fiddle music. A hundred years from now, I am convinced old-time fiddlers will
continue to enthrall those who listen and appreciate the music from those four
strings.

Peyton may be reached by e-mail at david.peyton@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             May 30, 2007 Wednesday

Railroad Story Through Music in Hurley

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 428 words


SANTA CLARA   The Railroad Story Through Music series continues from 3 to 6 p.m.
at the JW Art Gallery in Hurley.

CASA de la Cultura en Santa Clara and the gallery, invite all to enjoy the
performance of Rose Chavez as she interprets Mana through song and dance. Her
performance will be followed by the music of Bayou Seco. Donations to CASA will
be accepted.

Ken Keppeler and Jeanie McLerie, who form the heart of Bayou Seco, have been
researching and playing the music of the Southwest   from the Mississippi to the
deserts of Arizona   for 22 years.

Respectfully drawing from these traditions and from their own ancestors, they
present to the public an overview of Southwestern music on diatonic accordions,
fiddles, guitar, mandolin, banjo and harmonica.

McLerie has been a professional musician since 1962, performing in the U.S.,
Canada and Europe with the groups Sandy and Jeanie, The Harmony Sisters and The
Delta Sisters.

In 1985, she started a school of fiddle instruction called "The Fiddling
Friends," which focuses on an international repertoire of fiddle styles and
music, with an emphasis on the sources of the music, including personal contact
with traditional musicians.

Being from a musical family from New Mexico, Arizona and California, Keppeler, a
fourth generation Southwesterner, grew up with the music of the region.

He has been a professional musician since 1972 and performed with the Hogwood
String Band and with Bo Lpari and Jim Wimmer in Europe in the mid '70s before
joining Jeanie in Louisiana. He is also a violin maker and, with his partner
Peter White, has made over 160 instruments that are being played throughout the
United States. They are the only people who make five-string violins as an
instrument specifically for that purpose as opposed to simply making a regular
four-string violin and sticking another string on it

As part of Bayou Seco's continuing effort to document traditional musicians in
the Southwest, he completed a survey of cowboy music and dance for the
Smithsonian Institute and has a degree from the University of New Mexico in
American Studies.

Both Keppeler and McLerie have apprenticed (studied for two years of longer)
with the following master musicians: Dennis McGee (Cajun fiddler), Canray
Fontenot (Creole fiddler), Maurice Berzas and Alphonse Bois Sec' Ardoin (Cajun
accordeon players), Cleofes Ortiz (traditional New Mexican violinista), Antonia
Apodaca (traditional New Mexican accordionist, guitarist and singer) and Elliott
Johnson (Tohono O'Odham (Papago) violinist.)Railroad Story Through Music in
Hurley

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2007 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           August 15, 2013, Thursday

Appalachian String Band Festival winners announced

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P4D

LENGTH: 387 words


The 24th annual Appalachian String Band Music Festival was held July 21-Aug. 4
at Camp Washington-Carver in Clifftop.

More than 4,000 people attended, and 20 musicians, 12 bands and 12 dancers took
honors in the event's various competitions.

The winners were:

Banjo: 1st, Tim Bing, Huntington; 2nd, Andrew Fitzgibbon, Montrose; 3rd, Seth
Swingle, Earlysville, Va.; 4th, John Morris, Ivydale; 5th, Mary Sue Joy,
Hollywood, Md.

Youth banjo (age 15 and under): 1st, Victor Furtado, Front Royal, Va.; 2nd,
Trevor Hammons, Marlinton; 3rd, Rebecca Molaro, Asheville, N.C.

Senior banjo (age 60 and over): 1st, John Morris, Ivydale; 2nd, Robert "Pete"
Peterson Jr., Oxford, Pa.; 3rd, William Schmidt, Baltimore, Md..

Fiddle: 1st, Clelia Stefanini, Elkins Park, Pa.; 2nd, Jake Krack, Marlinton;
3rd, Stephanie Coleman, Brooklyn, N.Y.; 4th, Leo Shannon, Seattle, Wash.; 5th,
Rhys Jones, Warrenton, Va.

Youth fiddle: 1st, Leo Shannon, Seattle, Wash.; 2nd, Noel "Kitty" Amaral, Elk
Creek, Va.; 3rd, William Brauneil, Washington, D.C.

Senior fiddle: 1st, Pete Vigour, Crozet, Va.; 2nd, Burguiere Polo, Ardeche,
France; 3rd, Elmer Rich, Morgantown.

Neo-traditional band: 1st, No. 47, Elkins; 2nd, Jubal's Kin, Longwood, Fla.;
3rd, Poor Taters, Athens; 4th, Second Hand Suits, Lancaster, Pa.; 5th, Davy
Jones Evidence Locker, Montrose.

Youth neo-traditional band: The Mario Brothers Three, Fisherville, Va.

Best Original Song: Second Hand Suits, Lancaster, Pa.

Best Original Tune: No. 47, Elkins.

Traditional band: 1st, We See It, We Take It, Montrose; 2nd, Old Buck,
Greenfield, Mass.; 3rd, Bigfoot, Marshall, N.C.; 4th, All Day Breakfast String
Band, Traphill, N.C.; 5th, Wild Coyotes, Pocatello, Idaho.

Youth traditional band: Elm Street Alley Cats, Elkins.

Old-time flat-foot dance (age 15 and under): 1st, Rebecca Molaro, Asheville,
N.C.; 2nd, Victor Furtado, Front Royal, Va.; 3rd, Jeffrey Amundsen, Longwood,
Fla.

Old-time flat-foot dance (age 16-40): 1st, Sarah Stewart, Charlottesville, Va.;
2nd, Alice Cade, Ketton, England; 3rd, Emolyn Liden, Asheville, N.C.

Old-time flat-foot dance (age 41-59): 1st, Jay Bland, Kennesaw, Ga.; 2nd, Jan
Scopel, Annapolis, Md.; 3rd, Jane Henderson, Bloomington, Ind.

Old-time flat-foot dance (age 60 and over): 1st, Kim Forry, Annapolis, Md.; 2nd,
Marilyn Branch, Kalamazoo, Mich.; 3rd, Kriss Sands, Mars Hill, N.C.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Arizona: 35th Annual Bluegrass Festival & Fiddle Championship

LENGTH: 317  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Arizona Office of Tourism has issued the following event detail:

35th Annual Bluegrass Festival & Fiddle Championship
Annual event icon

Today through November 16
Bowman Rodeo Grounds
Wickenburg
Bluegrass banner

Toe-Tappin' Music "Out Wickenburg Way"

35th Annual Bluegrass Festival & Fiddle Championship

The Four Corner States Bluegrass Festival on November 14-16, 2014 is sponsored
by the Wickenburg Chamber of Commerce, and is one of the oldest bluegrass
festivals in the Southwest.

Featured bands entertaining all three days at the festival are James Reams &

The Barnstormers, Dry Branch Fire Squad, and Chris Jones & The Night Drivers

Additionally, contestants will compete in thirteen categories for prizes and
cash awards. Some of the categories bring Championship designation, such as Open
Fiddle, Mandolin, Flat Pick Guitar, and Banjo.

The festival is held outdoors at the Everett Bowman Rodeo Grounds, 935
Constellation Road, just 1/2 mile east of Highway 60/93 in Wickenburg. Limited
reserved self-contained RV camping is arranged through the Wickenburg Chamber of
Commerce.

The festival opens on Friday to the public at 11 am, with entertainment from 1
pm- 5:30 pm. On Saturday and Sunday, gates open at 7:00 a.m. for a pancake
breakfast, and entertainment follows from 9 a.m. - 5:30 pm.

Tickets for the Bluegrass Festival are: $15 adults, $12 senior citizens, $8
children; 3 Day Passes are $45, $40 and $20 at the gate.

At the festival for the three days, you'll find food & drink concessions,
arts/crafts, and a designated Kids Zone.

Organizers prohibit bringing in alcoholic beverages, food, dogs, and coolers.

A covered Ramada with bleacher seating is available, however, spectators are
encouraged to bring lawn chairs sit on to be closer to stage. 928-684-5479 or
800-942-5242 or

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            February 2, 1996 Friday

LENGTH: 154 words


Master fiddler Dick Barrett and one of his prized pupils, John Lardinois of
Bismarck, faced each other in the 1996 Montana Winter Fair Oldtime Fiddle
Contest recently in Bozeman, Mont. Lardinois, known as ""Fiddlin' Johnny,'' was
asked to compete with 41 other fiddlers in the two-day event. Barrett, a
five-time National Grand Champion, won top honors. Lardinois took second place
and Nancy Padilla of Bozeman placed third. Lardinois studied at Dick and Lisa
Barrett's School for Advanced Fiddle Study in Rapelje, Mont., last summer honing
his contest fiddle technique. Lardinois won the 1995 North Dakota and the
international championships at the International Peace Garden's Oldtime
Fiddlers' Contest. One week after his return from the Barrett's school he
captured the 1995 Minnesota State Grand Championship. A sophomore at Bismarck
High School, Lardinois studies violin at the Suzuki School of Music with Kathy
Murphy.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1996 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Idaho Falls Post Register (Idaho)

                            November 14, 2008 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Pushing boundaries;
Top fiddler to perform at Colonial Theater

BYLINE: By CLARK CORBIN,

SECTION: TICKET; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 426 words


Eileen Ivers won't march on stage with any old fiddle.

No, the former ""Riverdance"" standout needs an instrument as versatile as she
is. So her weapon of choice is a wild blue electric Zeta Music Systems
customized violin. It's got a pickup, and Ivers runs this beast of an instrument
through a series of guitar effects and an amplifier. With that fiddle, Ivers can
make notes bite like a Van Halen solo or kiss your cheeks like a soft Irish rain
shower.

It's as multidimensional as Ivers, a musician regarded as one of a handful of
fiddlers who are pushing the boundaries of Celtic music and blurring the lines
between traditional Irish music, folk tunes, bluegrass and even hard-nosed rock
'n' roll.

""We live in an electronic age. Why can't you run a fiddle through some guitar
pedals?"" Ivers asked. ""At the end of the day, you're just broadening the
palate of what the listener hears, and my big thing has always been respecting
the tradition and the spirit of the music.""

Idahoans can catch Ivers and her blue Zeta on Wednesday when she performs with
her band Immigrant Soul at the Colonial Theater in downtown Idaho Falls.

Ivers' music has been featured in the film ""Gangs of New York,"" she has
performed with The Chieftains, and her virtuoso fiddling has been compared to
Jimi Hendrix's guitar chops by no less a source than The New York Times. She
served as lead fiddler for ""Riverdance"" during a three-year stint in the late
1990s.

As you might imagine, she isn't one to plop down on a stool and dryly pluck the
fiddle; both her hair and bow will be flying wildly. Concerts, though rooted in
Celtic music, explore elements of world music, Appalachian folk and rock spiced
with jazzlike improvisation.

""It's a varied kind of performance,"" she said. ""It's always fun to have the
audience come along with you on a journey of sorts.""

Ivers grew up in the Bronx studying traditional Irish music. She became one of
the most decorated young fiddlers ever and earned nine All-Ireland Championships
on the fiddle and banjo before she turned 18.

Ivers said her parents, both Irish immigrants, pushed her toward the piano
before she convinced them the violin was her calling.

""What attracted me originally, I think, was the sound,"" she said. ""It's so
intense. It's like the human voice that way; it can be heartbreakingly beautiful
in its expression of emotion.""

If you go

Eileen Ivers and Immigrant Soul perform at 8 p.m. Wednesday at the Colonial
Theater, 450 A St. Tickets are $32 at the box office, 498 A St. Call 522-0471.

On the Net

www.eileenivers.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 25, 2016 Monday

Texas fiddlers meet to choose champion

BYLINE: Jon Wilcox, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 492 words


April 25--HALLETTSVILLE -- Despite fierce competition, good vibrations abounded
at the 2016 Fiddlers Frolics state championship.

In the audience, feet tapped and heads bobbed, while onstage fiddlers frolicked
to the point of frenzy.

The four-day event culminated Sunday evening with the Cliff and Velda Fryer
Championship Playoff. About 10,000 attendees and scores of fiddle players
stopped at the Knights of Columbus Hall in Hallettsville during the weekend, and
at least 500 guests attended the final event Sunday.

Three finalists shared the stage for the final elimination round: Carl Hopkins,
56, of Porter; Dennis Ludiker, 33, of Austin; and River Lee, 15, of The
Woodlands.

"They have no time to warm up and think about it. You have to be on your game,"
said Cherri Fryer, wife of John Stuart Fryer, the son of the tournament's
namesake.

Tournament officials flipped dominoes to determine what style the fiddlers would
play.

And the fiddle players pulled songs from their personal repertoires to meet the
judge's demands.

"He got a double five, so that means a swing tune is coming up," said announcer
Wayne Massengale, after officials flipped a domino.

Hopkins took home the Texas State Champion fiddler title. The state champion
said he was no stranger to the fiddle tournaments.

"I've been fortunate to win this competition like four times," he said after
receiving his title.

Hopkins won the $1,500 prize, a trophy of varnished wood and hand-wrought copper
and bragging rights for the next 365 days.

He said he plans to use the prize money to attend other fiddle competitions.

Hopkins' onstage intensity was obvious.

He hung onto his fiddle for dear life as he coaxed frenetically intricate
melodies into the audience. Despite the cheerful tunes he played, Hopkins' face
was taught with concentration.

"It's extremely nerve-wracking -- extremely," said fifth-generation player Jason
Andrew, 33, of Whitewright.

And the judges seated at the foot of the stage don't make it easier, he said.

"You got guys that are sitting at a table in front of you and they're listening
to every single movement you make, critiquing it because that's their job,"
Andrew said. "They're supposed to find the best fiddle player, and you know
that. Nobody likes being judged, even if you've signed up for it."

Andrew apparently handled the stress well enough to take home eighth place and
its $300 prize.

"Complain a lot is what he does to beat it," said Andrew's wife, Wende Andrew.

Although the tournament took center stage, the real attraction for the fiddlers
was each other.

The players came from varying backgrounds, differing stories and all corners of
Texas.

But for the musicians, Fiddlers Frolics was like a family reunion, Andrew said.

"We play; we drink; we laugh, talk," he said. "We hang out and share our joys."

___ (c)2016 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160425-VI-Texas-fiddlers-meet-to-choose-champion-0425-20160425

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2016 Victoria Advocate


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            March 17, 2001, Saturday

OBITUARY: BENNY MARTIN

BYLINE: Paul Wadey

SECTION: OBITUARIES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 609 words


BENNY MARTIN was one of the finest fiddle players in country music. Nicknamed
"The Big Tiger" by his friend Hank Williams, he played alongside such seminal
figures as Bill Monroe, Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs, Kitty Wells and Roy
Acuff. A noted innovator, he developed an eight-string fiddle, using it to
positive effect on a series of acclaimed recordings.

His work with Flatt and Scruggs, in particular, features some of the finest
examples of bluegrass fiddling committed to disc and includes masterpieces like
"Flint Hill Special" and "Dear Old Dixie". If his appearances on Nashville
recording sessions proved rarer than admirers might have hoped - the result of a
longtime battle with alcoholism - his instinctive playing nevertheless continues
to influence today.

A talented vocalist, he was, too, an underrated songwriter, penning such fine
numbers as "Ice Cold Love" and "I'm In Love With You", the latter a Top Twenty
country hit for Kitty Wells in 1955. His self-penned signature tune, "Me and My
Fiddle", was, in the early Eighties, the subject of a high profile law suit when
he successfully sued Dolly Parton for plagiarising its melody in the title track
for the hit film Nine To Five.

Benny Martin was born in Sparta, Tennessee in 1928. His father was a proficient
amateur guitarist and the young fiddler performed alongside him and two sisters
in a popular family band. He made his radio debut before the age of 10 in
neighbouring Cookeville and at 12 hitchhiked to Knoxville to play on WNOX's
influential Mid -Day Merry-Go-Round radio show. He joined Big Jeff Bess and the
Radio Playboys and at the age of 13 moved with them to Nashville. He appeared on
the city's famous Grand Ole Opry alongside the comedy act Jam-Up and Honey and
in 1946 cut his first solo disc, a version of "Me And My Fiddle", for Pioneer
Records.

He worked briefly with Red Foley before joining Bill Monroe's Bluegrass Boys.
When Flatt and Scruggs left Monroe in 1948 they invited Martin to follow - he
and Flatt had been childhood friends - but he waited until the autumn of 1952
and then moved on the following summer. A stint with Johnnie and Jack and the
Tennessee Mountain Boys followed and he then fronted his own band, cutting
several unsuccessful singles for Mercury.

In the mid-Fifties he met Colonel Tom Parker who recognised his vocal talent and
signed him as the opening act for a young Mississippian named Elvis Presley. He
cut sides for Decca and RCA, continued to appear on the Opry and then, in 1961,
recorded the album Country Music's Sensational Entertainer for Starday. In 1963
he enjoyed his biggest hit, "Rosebuds and You", returning to the charts two
years later with "A Soldier's Prayer in Vietnam" on which he was joined by Don
Reno and the Tennessee Cut-Ups.

As personal demons began to take their toll, Martin continued to record, most
notably Tennessee Jubilee (1973), which saw him reunited with Flatt and working
with longtime fan John Hartford, and the fine The Fiddle Collection and Turkey
in the Grass (both 1977).

In recent years he had been plagued by a rare nervous disorder which made clear
speech almost impossible. However, a series of pioneering treatments enabled him
to participate in an acclaimed CD retrospective of his best work, The "Big
Tiger" Roars Again Part 1 (1999) with friends like Vince Gill, Crystal Gayle,
Alison Krauss and Ricky Skaggs. A second instalment is due for release this
spring.

Benjamin Edward Martin, fiddle player, singer and songwriter: born Sparta,
Tennessee 8 May 1928; three times married (one son, two daughters); died
Nashville, Tennessee 13 March 2001.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Martin: 'Me and my fiddle'

                      Copyright 2001 Independent Print Ltd


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                            March 14, 2013 Thursday

What's Happening in Oroville

BYLINE: Oroville Mercury-Register

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 2130 words


Osher Lifelong Learning Institute seeks volunteer staff for new programs

Peer leaders, teachers and group facilitators are needed for new programs in
Oroville. The learning in retirement volunteer organization is based at Chico
State. Proposed classes in Oroville include navigating, modern technology, using
your I-Phone, etc., basic computer skills and conversational Spanish. Those 55+
with an interest or background in these topics or others should contact Ann
Nikolai, director of Osher at Chico State, 898-5858; or Lynndee Caput, Oroville,
533-0780.

Oroville's Old Time Fiddlers County Gospel Jam is March 14

The jam will be 5:30-8 p.m. in the Oroville Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St.
Musicians from across California, here for the annual California State Open
Fiddle and Picking Championship contest (March 14-16), will participate. Local
acoustic music groups, church choirs and all gospel music makers from the Butte
County area and beyond are encouraged to register in advance; call Larry Jendro,
533-1413. Registered groups will be scheduled to perform three gospel numbers
between 5:30-7 p.m. From 7-8 p.m. individuals or groups may sign up on a
blackboard to perform one or two songs. The organization covers 10 districts and
extends from Redding to San Diego.

47th annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and Picking
Championship March 15-16

The event starts 3 p.m. Friday at Oroville Municipal Auditorium with an opening
ceremony, followed by competition in the Fiddle Division: Senior-senior (70 and
older); Senior (60-69). Awards at 5:50 p.m. The Saturday schedule is: 7:30 a.m.
registration; 8 a.m. competition for Fiddle Divisions; Young adults (18-36),
Junior (13-17), Junior-junior (9-12), and Pee Wee (8 and younger). Also Adult
(37-59), Open (any age), Junior twin (17 and older), Open twin (any age).
Picking competition begins with Open (any age) and Junior (17 and younger).
Awards for these divisions at approximately 8 and 9 p.m. Schedules, rules and
registration forms at Houser's Music or Auditorium; or print from
www.orovilleoldtimefiddlers.com. Free admission, but donations appreciated. Food
sold. The Auditorium is at 1200 Myers St. Musicians from across California will
compete; the Old Time fiddle Association organization covers 10 districts, from
Redding to San Diego.

Sign up for free nutrition class on March 15

Sign up for this class which will start at 10:30 a.m. at The Salvation Army,
1640 Washington Ave. Participants will learn about the benefits of eating right,
reading food labels, budgeting meals and simple ways to increase physical
activity. Also sample healthy dishes and take home the recipe, nutrition tips,
charts, cookbooks and other free items. For information and to sign up, call
Adrienne, 538-6765, or Jessica, 624-5986.

Women's History Month Salad Tea Luncheon

The American Association of University Women will host their annual luncheon
starting 1 p.m. on March 16 at the Oroville Presbyterian Church, 2350 Foothill
Blvd. The program includes a look at women in the field of anthropology,
presented by Merrily Stover, and music by Katy Ryan and Matthew Mitchell.
Proceeds support Tech Trek, a week-long math and science camp at Davis for
seventh-grade girls. Tickets are $20 and reservation deadline is March 12. Call
Joline Hibbert, 533-5577, or email hibbjandj@oroville.com

Annual Oroville Knights of Columbus dinner is March 16

Doors will open at 5 p.m. and the corned beef and cabbage dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. at St. Thomas the Apostle Church hall, 1330 Bird St. Also raffle
prizes and no-host bar. Cost is $10 for adults; $7 for seniors 65 and older; $5
for children ages 5-11. Tickets at the St. Thomas School Office, Marcozzi
Jewelers, Modern Cleaners and Briggs Firestone. For information, call Jim
Cupido, 533-5599.

Oroville Hunger Walk to raise money and food for local hunger relief

The Cooperating Christian Churches of Orovillle organized this first walk to
start at Riverbend Park on March 16. Sign-ups begin 8:30 a.m., with coffee and
donuts served, followed by the approximately 2-mile walk at 9 a.m. Rest stations
will be set up at churches and vans will cruise the route to pick up those who
cannot complete the walk or wish to walk a short distance. Donations will be
accepted prior to the walk or the day of the walk. All money and food raised
will go to Feed the People Ministries, Oroville Rescue Mission, Oroville
Salvation Army, The Hope Center and other groups. Member sponsors are First
congregational Church, First United Methodist Church, Oroville Rescue Mission,
Raven Ministries, St. Paul's Episcopal Church, St. Thomas the Apostle Catholic
Church, The Hope Center, Trinity Bible Church and Trinity Presbyterian Church.
To make a donation or get involved, call 534-0354 or 534-9455.

Artist of Rivertown Gallery and Gifts Kids Art Day. March 16

Children may learn about art by creating something to take home. Hours are 10
a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Gallery, 1931 Arlin Rhine. Also, regular free art show.
Regular hours are Tuesday c Saturday, noon-4 p.m.; open first Fridays until 7
p.m. for receptions. Call 534-7690 or visit www.artistsofrivertown.org.

Reservations are required for the annual Sutter Buttes Hike March 17

The hike on St. Patrick's Day is limited to 30 people and cost is $35 for
members and $40 for non-members. The hike is sponsored by the Butte County
Historical Society. Call 534-8146 or visit buttecountyhistoricalsociety.org for
more information or to make reservations.

cBolt's Antique Tool Museum showcases tools from war heros

The Museum has created a series of displays with donated tools and military
service information about the donors. One features Lt. Col. Jack Bolt (not
related to the museum's founder) who was a Black Sheep Squadron pilot and flying
ace in WW II and the Korean War. The museum also houses tools from 4,000 years
ago thought to be made by Egyptians and Romans in 400 B.C.; a barbed-wire
collection, old gas pumps, blacksmith tools and more than 11,000 other tools.
Some gift items are also sold. The museum is at 1650 Broderick St. and is open
Sundays, 11:45 a.m. to 3:45 p.m.; Monday thorugh Saturday, 10 a.m. to 3:45 p.m.
538-2528 or 538-2415.

Benefit Wine tasting March 21 for the Table Mountain Golf Club's Junior Golf
Program

Oroville Grocery Outlet will present the event, 5:30-7:30 p.m. in the Club's
banquet room, 2700 Oro Dam Blvd. (next to Oroville Airport). Sample six wines
for $5 per person. Bar & Grill open with full menu and special appetizers. The
program will receive a portion of proceeds. Call 533-3922 for Junior Golf
Program information; for wine tasting, call for Chris at 534-3940.

VFW Post 9602 and Auxiliary will host a spaghetti dinner March 22

The dinner will be from 5-8 p.m. at Oroville Veterans Memorial Hall, 2374
Montgomery St. Dinner also includes salad with dressings and garlic bread. Cost
is $8 for ages 10 and older; free to those under 10. Separate dessert table.
Proceeds support the Post and Auxiliary activities and projects. Tickets
available at the door. Information, 532-0561.

Oroville Ducks Unlimited fundraising banquet March 22

Purchase tickets now for the dinner at Feather Falls Casino, 3 Alverda Drive.
Doors will open at 5:30 p.m., followed by dinner at 6 p.m. The door prize this
year is a Polaris Sportsman ATV 550 with gun rack. The Gun Table Package is
$1,500, which includes eight prime rib dinners, eight Ducks Unlimited
memberships, eight entries into the door prize drawing, eight Ducks Unlimited
hats and glassware for eight. One member will win a gun with choice of either a
Browning BPS DU Edition 12-gauge shotgun, or a Savage Axis Scoped Rifle in .243,
.30-06 or .308 caliber. Also live and silent auctions, raffle, ladies raffle and
games. This event sells out. Tickets $75 single, $125 couple, $45 Greenwing
(youth), $395 sponsor, $435 sponsor couple. Supports wetlands conservation. Greg
Kostick, 515-2345, or Dan Daniluke, 534-8126.

PAWS People for Pets Party is March 23

Annual benefit will feature a "Down Home" Country Spaghetti Feed, no-host beer
and wine bar, dancing to the country music of Jim Halsey and Jeff Rubeck and a
silent auction and raffle. Doors open 5:30 p.m. at Southside Community Center,
2959 Lower Wyandotte Road. Dinner, catered by Sherry McKenzie, includes garlic
bread, salad and dessert. Advance tickets are $18 or $20 at the door. Tables for
10 may be reserved in advance. For information or to reserve tables, call
589-1265. Tickets available at PAWS Thrift and Gift, Oroville; Heaven Scent
Candles & More, Paradise; and PAW Prints Quality, Chico.

Butte College Foundation Spring Gala will be March 23

Four alumni will be recognized at this elegant all ages event, 6 p.m. in the
Sierra Nevada Big Room, 1075 E. 20th St., Chico. "Celebrating 25 Years of Giving
the Gift of Education" is the theme for the evening, with dinner and dessert
auction, a silent and live auction and entertainment. The four alumni are Kelly
Candaele, writer and filmmaker; Teri Dougherty, platform artist/hair designer;
Stephen Gonsalvs, principal architect at Nichols, Melburg & Rossetto Architects
and Engineers; and Larry Jones, Glenn County sheriff. The nonprofit auxiliary
foundation supports the college and its students, faculty and staff. Last year's
distributions included 387 scholarships. This year proceeds will provide more
scholarships and benefit athletics. Reservations are $100 each and some
sponsorships are still available. The Steve Harrison and LInda Zorn Foundation
is the event's major contributor. Sierra Nevada Brewing Company is at 1075 E.
20th St. For sponsorship or ticket information, call 895-2359 or email
foundation@butte.edu

Bake sale by Oroville Hospital Jr. Volunteers

The volunteers annual bake sale starts at 9 a.m. March 28 in the hospital
cafeteria. Proceeds go to purchase their uniforms and the cost of their
Christmas party.

Chili Cooks needed for cook-off

Thermalito Grange is in need of Chili cookers for their annual Chili Cook-off.
Applications are available now. The cook-off is April 6. Applications will be
taken until March 31. The entry fee is $10. For information call Cheri at
591-9018 or 532-4529.

Dreams of Our Youth fundraiser April 6

The event, 5-10 p.m. with dinner, live entertainment, silent auction and raffle
drawings will benefit Butte County schools and the Four Winds of Education
Foundation. Held at Silver Dollar Fairgrounds, 2357 Fair St. in the art
building. Tickets are $30 one adult or $50 for two adults. This is 21+ event.
For tickets and donations, contact Terry Tozier, BCOE's Four Winds School,
879-7411 or email ttozier@bcoe.org For information, call 895-4666.

Sixth annual Wildflower Festival is April 6

Feather River Recreation will host the festival, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., at Riverbend
Park. Vendors will offer items pertaining to wildlife and nature, including
native plant sales, photography, bug jewelry, custom carved signs, poppy seed
give aways and pony rides. Informational booths will also be set up. Free tours
will be given to Table Mountain with transportation available; $3 per person.
Call 533-2011 for hike times and more information.

CPR and First Aid class at the YMCA

Advance registration and payment are required for the class on April 6, at 1684
Robinson St. The class will run from 8-11 a.m. Stop by the YMCA office or call
533-9622.

Sank Park Craft Faire sign ups available

The Oroville Docent Association is looking for crafters to sign up for the
annual Feather Fiesta Days Craft Faire May 11. Participants may apply now for a
space at the Sank Park Lott Home in Oroville. Contact Carol at 589-1299 or
carolbrown60@comcast.net

Vendor space for Feather Fiesta Days Goldrush Lot on May 11

Space reservations for food, game, information and product booths in downtown
Oroville may be made now. Contact Mike Isch, 534-9005, 589-0952 or 520-0258;
stop by Northwestern Trading Co.; or go to www.orovilllechamber.net (calendar of
events) for more information. Orovillle Downtown Business Association.

Women's Coffee Social

A new drop-in social gathering for women in their 50s, 60s or older will be
forming in the Oroville area. The group will feature discussions about lifelong
learning, inspiration, fellowship, community resource, networking and more.
Those who are retired or new to the community are welcome. They will meet from
9:30-11 a.m. Wednesdays. Location is to be announced. Contact Lynndee Caput at
533-0780 or email lynndeecaput@yahoo.com

Nonprofit groups and community organizations can submit items for "What's
Happening in Oroville" by emailing the pertinent information to
whatshappening@orovillemr.com, fax it to 342-3617 or mail it to: What's
Happening in Oroville, P.O. Box 9, Chico, CA 95927. Please include your name and
telephone number on all correspondences.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Cornish Guardian

                           February 2, 2006 Thursday

Group so popular they will play an extra show

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 438 words


Appalachian Mountain music group The Gathering have proved so popular that North
Cornwall Arts has organised an extra performance on Saturday,  February 25 in
Blisland Village Hall at 3pm. With their evening performance selling out within
weeks it is expected that seats at the matinee will sell fast so it is advised
to book now to avoid disappointment.

All the way from the USA, The Gathering features Debby McClatchy, Tom Sauber,
Brad Leftwich and Alice Gerrard who are all extremely accomplished bluegrass
musicians.

To the moonshine hills of banjo breakdowns, country and gospel songs, hoedowns
on the fiddle and some old time dance they will take you back to the golden age
of American Country Music.

Debby McClatchy is an expert entertainer of enormous presence and sensitivity
with a family steeped in tradition. Debby has lived in the Appalachians for most
of her life and plays a variety of acoustic instruments but her main tool is her
old-time mountain banjo.

Her combination of good-time, old-time, instrumentals, glorious singing,
clogging and mountain fiddling has made her one of the most popular and
appreciated of performing musicians in this time.

With a long-held reputation as one of the most influential old-time musicians in
the western USA, Tom Sauber plays banjo, fiddle, guitar, mandolin and also sings
and is well grounded in tradition, holding a masters degree in folklore.

Tom is particularly known for his long time partnership with Oklahoma fiddler
Earl Collins and Round Peak banjo picker Eddie Lowe. In the late 1970s, Ry
Cooder and David Lindley recruited Tom for a role as a musician in The Long
Riders.

Brad Leftwich grew up in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia and is known for
the purity of his sound and devotion to tradition. Known best for his fiddle
playing, he is also an accomplished banjo player and singer.

Brad won the prestigious fiddle contest at the Appalachian String Band Music
festival in Clifftop and performed at venues from The White House to the
Philadelphia Folk Festival. Finally, Alice Gerrard is a talent of legendary
status with a career spanning 40 years. She has known, learned from and
performed with many of the old-time and bluegrass greats and has earned
worldwide respect for her own contributions. Her powerful songwriting,
hard-edged vocals, alongside her rhythm guitar and banjo playing have won her
numerous honours including a Virginia Arts Commission Award.

This group of fabulous traditional musicians should not be missed. Call 01840
214220 for tickets for the matinee 3pm performance at Blisland. Only 80 more
seats are available priced at £8, £7 concessions.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Cornish Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            August 24, 2006 Thursday

Dawn Dance returns Sept. 3

BYLINE: Entertainment

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 577 words


BRATTLEBORO -- On Sunday, Sept. 3, hundreds of enthusiastic dance aficionados
will converge on Brattleboro to take part in the biannual Brattleboro Dawn
Dance, a 14-hour marathon of English Country, Contra and Couple Dancing in the
Gibson-Aiken Center at 207 Main St.

The Dawn Dance, which takes place each year on Memorial Day and Labor Day, draws
dancers from far and wide for the chance to dance the night away to a selection
of the finest dance musicians and callers in the country.

The Labor Day Dawn Dance begins with English dancing from 2:30 to 5:30 p.m., led
by David Millstone, a popular and dynamic caller from Lebanon, N.H.
Massachusetts and Vermont musicians lydia ievins, Anna Patton and Karen Axelrod
will perform for the English dance segment. Ievins plays violin with an elegant,
nuanced style and a clear, sweet tone, while Patton is known for her inventive
clarinet playing and her ability to create varied textures and moods for English
dance music. Axelrod adds harmonically creative and richly textured piano
accompaniment.

Beginning at 8 p.m., Lynn Ackerson of California will call contra dances drawn
from the unique and delightful repertoire of the West Coast dance scene. Music
will be provided by Notorious, with Eden MacAdam-Somer on fiddle, Larry Unger on
guitar, Sam Bartlett on banjo and mandolin and Ginny Snowe on bass. Each member
of this combination brings a wealth of experience, a range of stylistic
influences and a creative, improvisatory approach to dance music.

The second contra dance set begins at midnight with Wild Asparagus, featuring
George Marshall calling and playing bodhran and concertina, Becky Tracy on
fiddle, David Cantieni on flute, sax, whistle and oboe, Sam Bartlett on mandolin
and banjo, Ann Percival on guitar and piano and Mark Murphy on bass. The
members' stunning individual musicality, the band's compelling grooves and
diverse rhythmic textures, their dramatic use of varied instruments, and
charismatic and polished calling by George Marshall combine to ensure a truly
exhilarating dance experience.

At 3:30 a.m., caller Lisa Sieverts of Nelson, N.H., takes over, keeping the
dancing lively into the wee hours with her quick delivery and her friendly,
enthusiastic presence. Music for the early morning contra segment will be
provided by Andrew Van Norstrand on fiddle, guitar and bass, Noah Van Norstrand
on fiddle, mandolin and percussion, Andrew Marcus on piano and accordion, and
Aaron Marcus on piano and concertina. These sets of brothers have each become
known for their for extraordinary musicianship at a young age -- the Marcus
brothers in the Mid-Atlantic states with various bands and the Van Norstrands in
New York and New England as a part of the Great Bear Trio. Together the quartet
will offer lively, innovative dance music, delivered with youthful exuberance
and great skill.

Tickets are $10 for the English Dance segment, $18 for the contra segment, or
$25 for both. Tickets can be purchased online at www.dawndance.org , in person
at Maple Leaf Music in Brattleboro, at the door on Sept. 3, from 2:30 to 6 p.m.,
and 7:30 p.m. until sold out, or by sending a check to Brattleboro Dawn Dance,
PO Box 82, Brattleboro VT 05302 by Aug. 25.

For more information visit www.dawndance.org , e-mail info@dawndance.org , or
contact the Dawn Dance Committee at (802) 257-1571, (802) 257-1006 or (802)
257-9234.

To help protect the floor dancers should bring clean sneakers or soft- soled
shoes only.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                            August 18, 2012 Saturday

Kids taught music young at Gettysburg Bluegrass Festival

BYLINE: By HEATHER FAULHEFER The Evening Sun

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 724 words


When you're in middle school, you tend to ignore the advice of your dad, on
principle.

So when Elizabeth Peters' dad told her to give bluegrass music a try, there was
some hesitancy.

After all, the young girl from Vienna, Va., spent years playing classical music
on the piano.

But, as is so often the case, the advice turned out to be good.

Elizabeth began playing the fiddle, then the guitar, and found that there was a
lot to learn and enjoy in playing bluegrass.

For three years, she took part in the Gettysburg Bluegrass Festival's Academy
for Kids, which gives kids two days of music lessons before letting them show
off their skills in a performance on the festival's main stage.

And this year, Elizabeth came back to the academy, but now the 16-year-old is a
volunteer helper, giving back to one of the camps that improved her playing.

"It helps train your ear," she said on Saturday. "I think kids get an early
experience of playing, and playing on stage on Sunday - I'm sure that makes them
feel great."

And what makes the instructors at the academy feel great is seeing kids continue
to play and build on what they learn when they move on from the academy.

It's not uncommon to see kids go forward with the music - some even end up
playing professionally, said the academy's banjo instructor, Ira Gitlin. One of
his students, Zach Mongan, a 23-year-old who participated in different bluegrass
academies, now plays for the bluegrass band The Dixie Bee-Liners.

"That's great if they can do that," Gitlin said.

The academy has been teaching kids at the Gettysburg Bluegrass Festival since
2003, and accepts students of all levels and different ages.

For the younger kids still learning the basic skills, Gitlin hopes the end
result is "just that they had a fun time playing music with other kids."

That's what Isabela March's parents wanted for their daughter when they signed
the little girl up for her first bluegrass academy. She was too young last year,
but after graduating from a one-eighth-sized fiddle to a half-size, the
6-year-old was ready to start her lessons.

She's been coming to the festival since she was a baby, her father, P.J.,
explained as he helped his daughter take out her fiddle just before Saturday's
lesson started. And eventually her parents, who play different instruments in
their hometown of Newark, Del., encouraged their daughter to start playing when
she was big enough to hold an instrument and old enough to pick up some notes.

"They said to pick an instrument that they don't play," Isabela said with a shy
smile.

She held up her tiny fiddle and demonstrated how to chop, lightly hitting the
bow against the strings to make short notes.

"We met a lot of good people at these things," P.J. March said, looking at his
little girl. "And these kids get to hear older kids play."

For the older kids and returning students - the majority of the group of 19 this
year - the goal is to build on their skills, Gitlin said.

"It's not just to show them new stuff, it's to show them new ways they can use
the stuff they already know," he said.

Some kids know just one song, but may not realize it contains the same notes or
rhythm as another song, he added.

Those were some of the side tips that the five instructors gave their students
during breakout sessions with each instrument group - fiddles, guitars and bass,
banjos and dobros and mandolins.

Sitting on picnic benches under yellow and white tents, the students practiced
the three songs that they'll play on the main stage Sunday at 12:20 p.m., which
include two songs with lyrics and one instrumental.

Scattered by instrument, the melody of one song sung by the fiddle players hung
in the air with high-pitched notes coming from the mandolin tent.

Though the sounds were not in unison - or even the same song - people walking
through the campground stopped to listen.

Music, particularly bluegrass music, has that kind of social aspect. People bond
over the music, and because of the music, Gitlin said.

"What we're doing here is building a social context," he added. "It's a peer
group."

That's one of the things that 13-year-old Owen Nell, of Schaefferstown,
continues to enjoy about the academy, after attending it for four years with his
banjo and his younger brother, Carson.

"We get to learn new things," he said, trying a few notes out on the banjo. "And
we get new friends."

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fiddle instructor Liberty Rucker smiles at her students during a break
at Gettysburg Bluegrass Festival s Academy for Kids on Saturday. Rucker and four
other instructors guide the students through three songs that the kids will play
on the main stage of the festival.
Isabela March, 6, left, of Newark, Del., and from the front to back, Canyon
Moore, 8, of Newport, his sister, Autumn Moore, 10, and Emily Melluso, 16, of
Frederick, Md., participate in the fiddle breakout group of the Gettysburg
Bluegrass Festival s Academy for Kids on Saturday. <
Elizabeth Peters, 16, of Vienna, Va., plays the guitar on Saturday at the
Gettysburg Bluegrass Festival s Academy for Kids as Jordan Blizzard, 9, center,
tries out the bass with Grant Shaw, 11, both of Westminster, Md. The academy
teaches bluegrass songs and instrumentation to kids of all ages.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                October 13, 2004 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

TRADITIONS OF THE FIDDLE;
BRUCE MOLSKY BRINGS NEW LIFE TO MUSIC FROM A SIMPLER TIME

BYLINE: MARK WHITTINGTON, Mercury News

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 5E

LENGTH: 922 words


Sit a spell, and listen to Bruce Molsky soothe you with some old-time music.

"I want to take people to a different place, the same way the fiddle takes me to
a different place, because the world is ugly these days," he says. "And it's
good to just be able to take a deep breath and step away from it a little bit.
And maybe when you come back, you can be a little more objective about what you
see."

Molsky wants his audiences to feel as if they're in his living room when he
entertains them with fiddle, guitar, banjo and his rich baritone voice. That's
how he learned the traditional music that he loves, visiting the homes of great
Blue Ridge Mountain fiddlers like Tommy Jarrell and Albert Hash and trading
songs.

But you don't have to go to Molsky's home in New York's Hudson River Valley.
He'll be at the Sea Music Festival in San Francisco on Saturday and at solo
shows in San Jose and Berkeley next week.

The 49-year-old has been called "the Rembrandt of the Appalachian fiddle" for
his technique on the instrument. His latest album, "Contented Must Be," shows
off his traditional roots and blends in newer influences such as Scandinavian
and Metis fiddling styles. He plays with such ease and grace that the music
sounds as comfortable as an old friend and, at the same time, brand new.

He has been nominated for a Grammy for his work with Fiddlers 4, a group that
also includes superstar fiddlers Michael Doucet and Darol Anger, and Rushad
Eggleston, a young cellist from Carmel Valley. He's also playing in two other
bands -- the world music ensemble Mozaik and a trio with banjo whiz Tony
Trischka.

"I've always considered myself a solo musician. I've always wanted to be able to
create a complete piece of music on one instrument," he says from his home in
Beacon, where his lives with his wife, Audrey, a systems engineer, guitarist and
clogger.

As Molsky talks about his musical odyssey, his conversation echoes his playing
-- thoughtful, heartfelt and open.

How did old-time music capture a Bronx boy who listened to Top 10 hits on the AM
radio?

"The accessibility of it," he says. "I always wanted to play an instrument, and
that was music that I could figure out how to play. There was something about an
acoustic instrument. I could see myself holding it.

"Plus the messages were simple, and the music was sparse and very, very clear.
There's no mixed message in traditional music. It just spoke to me."

Molsky started as an accidental musicologist. His sister gave him a Doc Watson
album and that led him to John Hurt, Fred McDowell and Mike Seeger. He heard
Thelonious Monk's "Misterioso" at a friend's house, prompting an early interest
in jazz. Another friend was throwing out an album by Ethiopian singer Mahmoud
Ahmed, and he began exploring African music.

At college, he ventured into Cornell's folk music scene. "I wanted to be a
bluegrass guitar player, and I fell in with some people who played what I
thought was bluegrass. But it turned out to be this old-time music." He ended up
moving to the Shenandoah Valley in the early '70s to be closer to the source.

"The music was just all over the place," he says. "It was a very cool time. It
was the end of a culture of people who grew up without radio and television.
They might not have come to the big city so much, but they would come to these
festivals. You could see it with your own eyes."

He started visiting the musicians in their homes. "A lot of people went with
tape recorders and video cameras and such. I never really did that," he says.
"We just sat and traded tunes and watched them play. It was as much of a social
thing as a musical thing for me. I never really managed to separatethose two
very well.

"When you separate it, you end up being a documentarian, and I never wanted to
be that. There's a lot of people who've done incredibly great work. But I think
it requires a certain mindset and an attitude that I just don't have. I just
wanted to play. . . . I've not gotten jaded or less interested in anything about
it. It still knocks me over when it's good."

What makes the music good?

"That's like 'Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance.' How do you know when
it's good? I don't want to trivialize it at all -- to me, the greatest musicians
are the ones who recognize that their virtuosic technique is just mastery of a
language and that it really doesn't have a whole lot to do with what they are
trying to say other than they can say it better. If you are a great player, it's
fine. If you are a great player who can use it to really say something, to make
a musical statement, then you are great. . . .

"It's a really hard question: It's somewhere between 'I like it because it moves
me' and 'I like it because it has great integrity.' "

Bruce Molsky
San Francisco: Sea Music Festival; 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday; San Francisco
Maritime National Historical Park; free, with donations requested; (415)
447-5000, www.nps.gov/safr/seafest.html
San Jose: 7:30 p.m. next Wednesday; Espresso Garden & Cafe, 814 S. Bascom Ave.;
$15; (408) 294-3353, www.fiddlingcricket.com
Berkeley: 8 p.m. Oct. 21; Freight and Salvage, 1111 Addison St.; $17.50-$18.50;
(510) 548-1761, www.thefreight.org
Web site: www.brucemolsky.com
Selected discography
Solo albums: "Lost Boy" (1996), "Bruce Molsky & Big Hoedown" (1997), "Poor Man's
Troubles" (2000) and "Contented Must Be" (2004, all on Rounder)
Fiddlers 4: "Fiddlers 4" (2002, Compass)
Mozaik: "Live from the Powerhouse" (2004, Compass)

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: IRENE YOUNG
[Molsky]

                     Copyright 2004 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                             July 1, 2010 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

BYLINE: Brian Tucker; StarNews Correspondent

SECTION: Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 689 words


If you get three-time Grammy winner Sam Bush's voicemail you might think it's
Harry Caray or Will Ferrell doing his impression of the late, great Chicago Cubs
announcer. But it's Bush. To clarify, Bush says he's doing an earlier version of
Caray, back when he announced St. Louis Cardinal games Bush listened to growing
up.

"I played Chicago a lot over the years and ended up watching a lot of Cubs
games. We'd sit around and take turns imitating Harry."

Bush, who plays July 2 at Greenfield lake Amphitheatre in Wilmington, just
finished his 36th consecutive appearance at the Telluride Bluegrass Festival in
Colorado, where he's affectionately nicknamed the "King of Telluride."

"I did more jammin' there this year than I have in I don't know how long. It's
amazing you can have a festival go that long and get to play it every year. We
closed down the festival Sunday night and went out to California to play with
Dierks Bentley on the Jimmy Kimmel Show."

The show may become one people talk about. It lost power to cameras an hour
before taping and Kimmel used his laptop computer to broadcast utilizing Skype.

Bush, talking by phone, had just returned home and was still feeling good about
Telluride and the television experience.

That was probably very interesting television.

They really had to drop back and punt. (Jimmy's) holding his computer in front
of him and walking around. We gathered around Jimmy's desk and sang the song at
the end of the show. It had to be the first Skype talk show.

What drew you to the mandolin?

When I first heard mandolins played, it was probably by country musicians,
before I would have heard Bill Monroe or any bluegrass players. My father used
to buy fiddle albums by this great Grand Old Opry fiddler named Tommy Jackson.
There would be a mandolin playing along in unison with the fiddle. I liked the
sound of those instruments together. We had a mandolin and a fiddle in the
house. My father played the fiddle, my mother played the guitar. Maybe I'm like
Bill Monroe - I got the one that was left over. The sound of the mandolin is
still magical to me.

"Blue Mountain" sounds like bluegrass done by a jam band. What influenced the
new album "Circles Around Me"?

I tend to think you're probably influenced by everything that you hear. That
particular tune, I had the melody written and we had it all worked up. I said
"Guys, we need to put a jam session in here. It just needs something, needs some
fun, not just the Bluegrass style melody."

It changes, like the Stones' "Can't You Hear Me Knockin'," where it becomes a
different song.

I know exactly what you're talking about. It's funny you mention that. At
Merlefest last year, The Waybacks, they do an album hour, where they just play a
record. They did "Sticky Fingers" and I got to play the electric guitar parts of
Mick Taylor.

When you first incorporated extended jams in the 1970s what were the reactions?

When we started New Grass Revival I was college age. We (played) a lot of
colleges and that response was usually positive. At bluegrass festivals the
response was positive. Some people didn't like the progressiveness of it. I
understand it. But it's always been positive and certainly is now.

"The Old North Woods" instrumental is pretty and stark. Is there specific
inspiration behind it?

Bill Monroe. The way I play the lead mandolin on that, I wanted it to sound like
a tune Bill Monroe might have written. He actually made a comment about the Old
North Woods to me in Wisconsin when we were playing a festival together.

You're a two-time cancer treatment survivor. Do you feel inspired to do more,
create more than before? Do you focus more now on family friends as a result of
it?

My wife and I work together, so I guess I get to do both. But I've found that
I've never enjoyed playing more. I don't take the ability to play for granted
because you never know. After a couple bouts with cancer, I have more
appreciation for the gift I've been given and I want to take advantage of that.

Go Box:

WHO: Sam Bush w/ Missy Raines & The New Hip

WHEN: doors open 5 p.m. July 2 at Greenfield lake Amphitheatre, 1941 Lake Shore
Drive

Tickets: $35

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 6, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

ESCAPE KEYS

SECTION: Style; C02

LENGTH: 407 words


GETTING THERE: To get to Thomas, W.Va., go north on I-270 from the Beltway.
Around Frederick, bear left onto I-70 and head west toward Hagerstown. When you
come to I-68, go west through Cumberland. At Route 219, go south through
Oakland, Md. The highway leads you, eventually, to Thomas.

WHERE TO STAY: One of the nights we were at the Purple Fiddle (21 East Ave.,
304-463-4040, www.purplefiddle.com) a University of Maryland student was taking
a survey of Fiddle-goers because she's thinking of opening up a
bed-and-breakfast nearby. There are a few. The most logical place is Fiddler's
Roost, which is right next door (same phone and Web site). It's a low-key place
also run by John and Kate Bright. Rooms are basic and down-home. There's a bunk
room for the visiting bluegrass band, and a parlor for chatting and playing
games but no television. You would expect to run into traveling salesman Willie
Loman, except he's dead and he's fictional. On the weekend, rooms start at $69.
You can also try the Ladybug Bed & Breakfast in Thomas (304-463-3362,
www.ladybugbandb.bizland.com). It advertises a $100-a-night package that
includes art lessons. The lodge at Blackwater Falls State Park, with reasonable
rooms and suites, is only three miles away. Info: 304-259-5216,
www.blackwaterfalls.com.

WHERE TO EAT: The Purple Fiddle kitchen is open 10 a.m. to midnight on Friday,
Saturday and Sunday, and to 6 p.m. weekdays. If you want to get away from the
fine Fiddle victuals, the restaurant at Blackwater Falls State Park lodge is
open year-round. Dinner entrees, such as steak, ham, meatloaf, chicken and
lasagna, fall in the $10 to $15 range. The Blue Ridge Restaurant (Route 32,
Thomas, 304-463-4291) at the Tally Ho Mountain Lodge  is open all day.

WHAT TO DO: If you're looking to get physical, call the folks at Blackwater
Outdoor Adventures in St. George, W.Va., about 30 minutes from Thomas. They can
point you to the sickest canoeing, kayaking, mountain biking and caving spots in
the area. Info: 304-478-3775, www.blackwateroutdoors.com. For hiking, the Purple
Fiddle is at the head of a 30-mile rail trail along Blackwater Canyon, between
Thomas and Elkins, W.Va. You may want to catch a weekend perfomance at the
Valley Ridge Theatre on Front Street. Call ahead for curtain times
(304-463-3365, www.valleyridgetheatre.org).

INFO: Canaan Valley and Tucker County Convention and Visitors Bureau,
800-782-2775, www.canaanvalley.org.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Burnet Bulletin (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 10, 2011

Woodrow W. Thomas;
April 11, 1916 ~ Aug. 5,2011

BYLINE: Burnet Bulletin staff

LENGTH: 207  words


Woodrow W. Thomas, 95, of Bertram and formerly of Burnet, passed away Friday,
Aug. 5 in the Bertram Nursing Home. He was born April 11, 1916 in Fairland to
Edward J. Thomas Sr., and Ada Gilley Thomas.

He was a carpenter by trade, and an avid Burnet Bulldog fan. He was an
accomplished musician, having taught himself to play the guitar at age 7 and the
fiddle. He entered many fiddle contests throughout central Texas, not caring if
he won or not. It was just for the thrill of playing his beloved fiddle.

He is pre-deceased by his wife of 71 years, LaHoma Thomas, whom he married in
1937; his parents, six sisters and five brothers.

He is survived by his son, Kelley, and wife, Patsy Thomas, of Bertram; daughter,
Karen Haines (Terry) of Bertram; five grandchildren, Ronda Elston (Greg), Eula,
Jeffrey C. Thomas of Burnet, Rod Fike (Linnette), of Houston, Blake Thomas
(Anna), and Jay Haines (Mary), both of Austin; nine great-grandchildren; three
great-great- grandchildren; several nieces and nephews; Sister, Jo Barnard
(Gene) of Austin.

Funeral services were held Monday, Aug. 8 at Edgar Funeral Home Chapel with
Lanny Hallmark officiating, Interment followed in Burnet City Cemetery.

Arrangements were entrusted to Edgar Funeral Home in Burnet.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BNB

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2011 Burnet Bulletin


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Odessa American (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 8, 2016 Friday

Band leader gets back to his roots

BYLINE: Krystal Villarreal, Odessa American, Texas

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 764 words


Jan. 08--Jake Hooker was born listening to traditional country music in Pecos
through his father's West Texas country band, the T Hooker Band. After watching
his father, it was only natural that Hooker started playing bass at the young
age of seven years old and has been involved with music ever since.

"I can remember as a kid, there used to be dances everywhere in West Texas,
whether it was in a barn or in a beer joint," Hooker said. "The music we play is
similar to the music back then; it's considered western dance music or
traditional country music."

Jake Hooker and the Outsiders are returning to the Basin during the 83rd
SandHills Stock Show and Rodeo. They're scheduled to perform at 8 p.m. Jan. 15
in Building G.

The band consists of Jake Hooker on vocals and upright bass, Rick Price on pedal
steel, Jess Meador and Hank Singer on the fiddle and John Jenkins on drums.

Rick Price started playing steel guitar at the age of 16. He has performed at
the Grand Ole Opry. The Grand Ole Opry is a weekly country-music stage concert
in Nashville. Price has worked with artists including Dave Dudley, Johnny Bush,
the Bandoleros, Moe Bandy, Darrell McCall and Justin Trevino.

Jess Meador started fiddle lessons at the age of six years old with world
champion fiddler Dale Morris Sr. He joined a band with Aris cook at the age of
10 years old. Meador now plays twin fiddle and two- and three-part harmony.
Meador has played with artists including Landon Dodd, Johnny Bush, Dan Roberts,
Kinneth Doyle, Dave Alexander and the Texas Tumbleweeds swing band. On top of
playing the four-string and five-string fiddle, Meador plays the electric
mandolin and guitar.

Hank Singer was recommended to country star Faron Young right after high school.
Singer played on a number 1 record -- Faron Young's 'Four in the Morning.'
Singer has played with artists including Ray Price, Alan Jackson, The Gatlin
Brothers, Charley Pride, Randy Travis, Hank Williams Jr. and more.

John Jenkins knew at the age of 9 he was interested in the drums. He is a third
generation drummer. Jenkins surrounded himself with musicians including Jody
Nix, Jason Roberts, Robert Weeks, Rocky King, Jake hooker and John 'Smiley'
Reynolds. Jenkins said these men showed him the ropes of real country music.

Artists such as Ray Price, Johnny Bush, Farron Young and Curtis Potter are some
of their musical inspirations. Jake Hooker and the Outsiders have performed as
far as Las Vegas, but like Ray Price, Hooker calls Texas home.

"I'm a cowboy myself, I'm riding a horse right now as I'm talking to you,"
Hooker said during a phone interview. "I rope and enter contests when I'm not
performing, but we play almost every weekend so I don't do it too often."

Hooker said rodeos have always been a big deal in West Texas and the one thing
he remembers most from his childhood is all of the surrounding cities shutting
down so everyone could enjoy the rodeo. He claims he was hooked ever since then
and says there is no place like West Texas.

The band has performed at the SandHills Stock Show and Rodeo for the past few
years now and Hooker says he loves it.

"The rodeo in Odessa is the first rodeo of the year which means it's time to get
rolling," said Hooker. "This rodeo gets the year kicked off for cowboys all over
Texas. The committee at Sandhills have done a great job over there in making it
a big rodeo vs a little rodeo. They work hard and it keeps getting bigger and
bigger every year."

Hooker says he likes performing at the SandHills Stock Show and Rodeo because
the band's fans are mostly rodeo guys and the music they represent is the
"western way of life." Another thing he likes about the stock show and rodeo is
that the big rodeo cowboys such as American rodeo champion Trevor Brazile are in
attendance.

"The top 15 guys in the world in each event are almost always at Odessa's
rodeo," Hooker said. "It's a big deal."

Hooker encourages every one to attend the SandHills Stock Show and Rodeo this
weekend.

"Just show up. If you like the western way of life and you like cowboy stuff,
you're going to be at the right place. There is fun for the whole family,"
Hooker said.

The SandHills Stock Show and Rodeo starts today with a goat show at 8 a.m. and
runs through Jan. 16.

To purchase tickets or for more information about the stock show and rodeo,
visit www.sandhillsstockshow.com.

For more information about Jake Hooker and the Outsiders, visit
www.jakehookermusic.com.

___ (c)2016 the Odessa American (Odessa, Texas) Visit the Odessa American
(Odessa, Texas) at www.oaoa.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160108-OD-Band-leader-gets-back-to-his-roots-0108-20160108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OD


                         Copyright 2016 Odessa American


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

Arizona: Run Boy Run

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


City of Scottsdale, The State of Arizona has issued the following news release:

Run Boy Run

Formed in the summer of 2009, Run Boy Run has emerged as "a prevalent force in
the desert music scene." After winning the coveted Telluride Bluegrass Festival
Band Contest in 2011, Run Boy Run has been busy crafting a growing catalog of
traditional, original, and familiar material for performance on A Prairie Home
Companion, at national and regional festivals, and at favorite local music
venues.

The unique sound of Run Boy Run is rooted in the traditional music of the
Appalachian South. Bands such as Nickel Creek and Crooked Still have paved the
way for the music of Run Boy Run: dynamic, orchestral, and overflowing with
beauty. Run Boy Run exists in the tension between tradition and frontier. Three
strong female voices weave a spectacular tapestry of sound. Award-winning fiddle
cuts a path for a tightly formed rhythmic front. Every arrangement is--at its
core--beautiful.

Brother and sister Matt (fiddle, guitar) and Grace Rolland (cello, vocals) have
fiddle music running through their blood. Raised with a bow and rosin on every
bedside table , they were a natural fit for Run Boy Run. Sisters Bekah (fiddle,
vocals, guitar) and Jen Sandoval (mandolin, vocals) grew up deeply ingrained in
the bluegrass festivals of Arizona, so they, too, found a home in Run Boy Run.
Jesse Allen (bass) was brought up on opera and western swing, and grew to love
the natural fusion inherent in American music. The whole truly exceeds the sum
of the parts, as touches of classical, jazz, and folk express themselves through
the old-time core of Run Boy Run's unique sound.
Also Happening

Arizona Fall League
    Thru November 15, 2014

Catch a game with some of MLB's top prospects this fall at the Arizona Fall
League (AFL).  Given the top prospects that play here, every game in the AFL is
like a future All-Star Game. Former alumni include...

    Food Truck Caravan
    Ongoing

Join us every Saturday night for street food, live music and community fun! Find
up to 15 of the valley's finest gourmet food trucks serving delicious foods from
around the world in one parking lot.  Our Caravan...

    Native American Dancing
    Ongoing

Native American Dancers share the culture and dances of their tribes.  The
performance includes hoop dancing, known as the "dance of life."

Location


Musical Instrument Museum
4725 E. Mayo Boulevard
Phoenix, AZ 85050

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Arizona: Run Boy Run

LENGTH: 427  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


City of Scottsdale, The State of Arizona has issued the following news release:

Run Boy Run
October 31, 2014

Formed in the summer of 2009, Run Boy Run has emerged as "a prevalent force in
the desert music scene." After winning the coveted Telluride Bluegrass Festival
Band Contest in 2011, Run Boy Run has been busy crafting a growing catalog of
traditional, original, and familiar material for performance on A Prairie Home
Companion, at national and regional festivals, and at favorite local music
venues.

The unique sound of Run Boy Run is rooted in the traditional music of the
Appalachian South. Bands such as Nickel Creek and Crooked Still have paved the
way for the music of Run Boy Run: dynamic, orchestral, and overflowing with
beauty. Run Boy Run exists in the tension between tradition and frontier. Three
strong female voices weave a spectacular tapestry of sound. Award-winning fiddle
cuts a path for a tightly formed rhythmic front. Every arrangement is--at its
core--beautiful.

Brother and sister Matt (fiddle, guitar) and Grace Rolland (cello, vocals) have
fiddle music running through their blood. Raised with a bow and rosin on every
bedside table , they were a natural fit for Run Boy Run. Sisters Bekah (fiddle,
vocals, guitar) and Jen Sandoval (mandolin, vocals) grew up deeply ingrained in
the bluegrass festivals of Arizona, so they, too, found a home in Run Boy Run.
Jesse Allen (bass) was brought up on opera and western swing, and grew to love
the natural fusion inherent in American music. The whole truly exceeds the sum
of the parts, as touches of classical, jazz, and folk express themselves through
the old-time core of Run Boy Run's unique sound.
Also Happening

Arizona Fall League
    Thru November 15, 2014

Catch a game with some of MLB's top prospects this fall at the Arizona Fall
League (AFL).  Given the top prospects that play here, every game in the AFL is
like a future All-Star Game. Former alumni include...

    Food Truck Caravan
    Ongoing

Join us every Saturday night for street food, live music and community fun! Find
up to 15 of the valley's finest gourmet food trucks serving delicious foods from
around the world in one parking lot.  Our Caravan...

    Native American Dancing
    Ongoing

Native American Dancers share the culture and dances of their tribes.  The
performance includes hoop dancing, known as the "dance of life."

Location


Musical Instrument Museum
4725 E. Mayo Boulevard
Phoenix, AZ 85050

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             May 31, 2012, Thursday

Vandalia Gathering winners

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P6D

LENGTH: 456 words


West Virginia's champion old-time fiddle, bluegrass banjo and mandolin players
competed for top honors Saturday. Old-time banjo, lap dulcimer and flat pick
guitar players and liars competed on Sunday.

They were participants in the West Virginia Division of Culture and History's
36th annual Vandalia Gathering. There also were competitions for best homemade
pound cake and cupcake. The winners were:

-Youth Old-Time Fiddle (age 15 and under)

1st place Walter King, Elkins

2nd place Lydia Hager, Kenna

3rd place Jarred Carter, St. Albans

-Old-Time Fiddle (age 59 and under)

1st place Ray Cossin, Mount Alto

2nd place Darrell Murray, Charleston

3rd place Tessa Dillon, St. Albans

4th place Rebecca McClung, Parkersburg

5th place Walter King, Elkins

-Senior Old-Time Fiddle (age 60 and over)

1st place Gerry Milnes, Elkins

2nd place Terry Vaughan, Cross Lanes

3rd place Jim Mullins, St. Albans

4th place Jerry Lewis, Nettie

5th place John Morris, Ivydale

-Mandolin (all ages)

1st place Brandon Shuping, Madison

2nd place David Watson, West Union

3rd place Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

4th place Isaac Putnam, Looneyville

5th place Dustin Frame, Gassaway

-Bluegrass Banjo (all ages)

1st place Andrew Kidd, Hurricane

2nd place Brandon Shuping, Madison

3rd place Blaine Johnson, Beaver

4th place Doug Cossin, Mt. Alto

5th place Logan Browning, Summersville

-Lap Dulcimer (all ages)

1st place Hunter Walker, Beckley

2nd place Will Manahan, Elkview

3rd place David O'Dell, Glenville

4th place Timmy Gillenwater, Griffithsville

5th place Martha Turley, Ona

*Goldenseal magazine's Golden Shovel award n Old-Time Banjo (59 and under)

1st place David O'Dell, Glenville

2nd place Pete Kosky, Charleston

3rd place Chad Ashworth, St. Albans

4th place Logan Hoy, Belle

5th place Nevada Tribble, Elkins

-Senior Old-Time Banjo (age 60 and over)

1st place Jay Lockman, Green Bank

2nd place Jim Mullins, St. Albans

3rd place John Morris, Ivydale

4th place Ken Sheller, Elkins

5th place Steve Harrison, St. Albans

-Youth Flat Pick Guitar (age 15 and under)

1st place Bryant Underwood, Charleston

2nd place Isaac Putnam, Looneyville

3rd place Logan Jones, Charleston

-Flat Pick Guitar (all ages)

1st place Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

2nd place Adam Hager, Kenna

3rd place Matt Lindsey, Dunbar

4th place Richard Adkins, Cross Lanes

5th place Rick Hall, Princeton

-Liars Contest

Biggest Liar (1st)* Pete Kosky, Charleston

Bigger Liar (2nd) David Webb, Burlington

Big Liar (3rd) Gary Buchanan, Creston

Youth (15 & under)* Noah Lepp, Charleston

-Pound Cake (all ages)

1st place Ella Hoffman, Charleston

2nd place Judy Grigoraci, Charleston

3rd place Mary Adams, Walker

-Cupcakes (all ages)

1st place Cassandra Atkins, Charleston

2nd place Judy Grigoraci, Charleston

3rd place Janet Sheldon, St. Albans

Youth (15 & under) Michael Pauley, Pinch

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                          September 11, 2004 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

FOLK;
story;
Natalie MacMaster, Boston Folk Festival headliner, has music in her blood;
Boston Folk Festival

BYLINE: Stephen A. Ide

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 888 words


The Patriot Ledger

Natalie MacMaster bounds onto the stage with limitless energy, easily sawing the
horsehair off her fiddle's bow as she carefully, swiftly navigates the
intricacies of traditional tunes. As she completes a fast, meticulous passage,
the audience cheers - and MacMaster grins.

Her feet begin to move as she fiddles. Slowly at first, then faster. She adds
kicks, all the while not missing a fiddle beat.

Eventually, she puts down the fiddle and step-dances, revealing a joy she has
felt since she was little girl, learned from her mother and other family growing
up on Cape Breton Island, north of Nova Scotia, Canada.

When MacMaster comes to Boston for the upcoming 7th annual Boston Folk Festival,
she will bring all that joy to the stage. Though she never has performed at the
festival, she has played many times in the city. Boston, for her, is almost like
a homecoming.

"I definitely feel at home in Boston. I've got a ton of relatives there," said
MacMaster in a phone interview from her Ontario home. She said she has about 100
relatives in the area.

MacMaster will be one of 30 featured acts at the festival, to be held at the
University of Massachusetts-Boston Sept. 17-19.

At 32, the curly-locked, leggy blond is surfing a wave of popularity fed by her
powerful connections to her traditional musical roots.

MacMaster's love of the fiddle - she says it's in her bloodline - began at age
9, in classes with other children.

The niece of fiddling great Buddy MacMaster, Natalie has earned recognition in
her own right. She is the winner of many East Coast Music Awards, several JUNO
awards and was nominated for a Grammy for her 1998 instrumental CD "My Roots Are
Showing."

At the festival, MacMaster expects to perform with her band, consisting of Brad
Davidge (guitar, vocals), John Chiasson (bass, vocals), Alan Dewar (keyboards,
piano), Matt MacIsaac (bagpipes, whistles) and Miche Pouliot (drums).

Her music offers a fusion of jazz, Latin, rock, and of course, Celtic styles.
While she said she feels free to explore musically with her band, when it comes
to the traditional tunes she loves, there is no improvising.

"That whole improv thing is not part of the Cape Breton tradition. In fact, it's
very shunned," she said. "It's an unwritten rule: You play the tunes the way
they were written. ... and that's largely why the tunes have survived so many
years. People keep them the same."

MacMaster explains that she takes comfort in the traditional Cape Breton tunes.

"I can play the same way every time and fall deeper and deeper into it, and I
don't know what it is.

"I find beauty in it every time. It's like a prayer. It's the same prayer you've
been praying all your life, but if you reach into the prayer, there's always
beauty in it. If you think about it, you learn something new from it every time
you say it. And it's the same with this music. It puts me in a trance. It really
does. I just go into another place."

Her seventh CD, "Blueprint," blends Cape Breton traditional fiddling with
bluegrass. Joining her are dobro great Jerry Douglas, along with Sam Bush, John
Cowan and Bela Fleck, members of the '80s supergroup New Grass Revival, from
which an entire bluegrass subgenre emerged blending bluegrass with rock.

MacMaster said she had never performed with them before, but recording with them
was easy: Her Cape Breton rhythms blended perfectly with theirs. It all just
worked.

In the past couple of years, MacMaster has slowed her touring from 250 to 100
shows a year. It enabled her to have a personal life. She will be celebrating
her second anniversary next month with fiddler Donnell Leahy of the band Leahy.

MacMaster recently has been in the studio, writing new material. She has
recorded five tracks and hopes to release a new CD by year's end.

"This is the first recording I am doing with my band," said MacMaster. "With all
my CDs, we really tried to let the music happen first, let it breathe and go
where it needs to go."

The festival will take place from 7 to 10 p.m. Friday, Sept. 17, and from 11
a.m. to 7 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 18 and 19.

Acts will include on Friday: songwriting contest finals, including performances
by judges Tom Paxton, Rod MacDonald and Jack Hardy.

On Saturday: Dar Williams, Rani Arbo and Daisy Mayhem; Erin McKeown; Ollabelle;
Deb Pasternak, Paxton, The Sprigs, Adrienne Young and Little Sadie; John Flynn;
Johnsmith; The Resophonics; Cosy Sheridan with Kent Allyn; Diane Ziegler; The
VariAsians; Ross Harris, and chantey singing with Lynn Noel and friends.

On Sunday: Natalie MacMaster; Dave Bromberg; Sam Bush Band; Cephas and Wiggins;
Mark Erelli; Kim and Reggie Harris; Lucy Kaplansky; Geoff Muldaur Band;
Stephanie Corby; Bob Franke; Girlyman; Robin Greenstein; Greg Greenway; T.J.
Wheeler and Hatrack Gallagher; Yankee Ingenuity; chantey singing on the Harbor
Cruise with Lynn Noel and friends.

Tickets are $10 for Friday; $35 each for Saturday and Sunday or $60 for both
days. Ages 6-14, $5 per day. Under 6, free.

For more information and tickets, visit www.bostonfolkfestival.org or call
617-287-6911. UMass/Boston, 100 Morrissey Blvd., Dorchester. 7-10 p.m. Sept. 17,
11 a.m.-7 p.m. Sept. 18 and 19. $10 Fri. only; $35 Sat. or Sun. only; $60 Sat.
and Sun.; $6 children 6-14. www.bostonfolkfestival .org, 617-287-6911

Stephen A. Ide may be reached at side@ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Patriot Ledger


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                            November 9, 2010 Tuesday

Milonovich returns to the Playhouse

BYLINE: Kai Beech/Tri-City Weekly

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 603 words


If You Go

What: Sara Milonovich & Greg Anderson

When: 8 p.m. Sunday

Where: Arcata Playhouse, 1251 Ninth St.

Admission: $10 and $12

Milonovich returns to the Playhouse

Musical mates violinist Sara Milonovich and guitarist Greg Anderson are stoked
to have escaped the East Coast cold for a bit of sunshine salvation on
California's Central Coast during a tour of the Golden State.

When we speak, the duo are cruising up U.S. Highway 101 through Santa Barbara in
a rented Toyota Corolla -- an automobile Milonovich is very familiar with.

"I feel at home right now," she said.

Milonovich actually owns a 1996 Toyota Corolla, which is currently garaged at
her New York home and is also the inspiration for a song on her recently
released solo debut "Daisycutter."

"I did everything you're not supposed to do when buying a car," she admitted. "I
looked at it, drove it around a bit and, on the surface, it looked great. But
then, after a couple thousand miles, all these wacky, bizarre things started
breaking and all the skeletons in closet made themselves apparent."

Milonovich named her Corolla "Fiona." About the time she started recording
"Daisycutter," Milonovich and Fiona went through "therapy together."

"I wrote a fiddle tune one morning and the car decided to quit on the way to a
recording session," she said. "So I named the song 'Fiona's Breakdown'."

Milonovich plans to play "Fiona's Breakdown" in addition to other new material
when she returns to Humboldt for a performance with Anderson at the Arcata
Playhouse on Sunday at 8 p.m. Tickets are $10 and $12, available at Wildwood
Music, The Works and brownpapertickets.com .

It's a performance theater manager David Ferney is stoked about.

"We really enjoyed her CD and we're excited to have her come back to the
Playhouse with Greg Anderson," Ferney said. "I remember the warmth of her voice
and the really clear, wonderful sound of her violin. The sound was so amazing."

Milonovich basically grew up with a fiddle in her hand. She has been playing the
violin since she was 4 years old, joined The Adirondack Fiddlers at age seven,
and at age 12 released her first cassette of traditional fiddle tunes,
"Traditionally, Sara."

Additionally, Milonovich has performed with various classical ensembles
throughout New York state, including the Empire State Youth and Repertory
Orchestras, several string quartets, and with members of the Albany, Glens Falls
and Schenectady symphonies. In 1998 she released the CD "Mrs. Ippy Fiddle,"
under the name Sara Miles (as her last name was often mispronounced). The CD was
a nominated semifinalist for the 1999 Grammy awards.

From 1999 to 2002 she toured across America and Ireland as a member of the
Celtic/bluegrass/roots band The McKrells. In June 2001, Milonovich traveled to
Mt. Airy, N.C. with John Kirk and Trish Miller, where she competed in both the
Bluegrass Fiddle and Folk Song contests, placing first and second, respectively.

Recently, on "Daisycutter," her solo debut, Milonovich delivers a deft mix of
literate folk, plaintive Celtic-tinged balladry, and more, according to press
information.

While the globetrotting violinist is enjoying her time playing in major cities
across the planet, she is still looking forward to returning to little ol'
Humboldt County.

"Greg and I really enjoy playing as a duo and we're really excited about going
back to Humboldt," said Milonovich, who recently returned to the states after a
European tour throughout Austria, Italy and Switzerland. "Humboldt is fantastic.
It's so beautiful and the crowd is great. We're really just starving artists and
we really appreciate Humboldt's hospitality."

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 20, 2007 Friday

Fiddlers return to stage

BYLINE: By Martin Snapp STAFF WRITER

SECTION: MY TOWN; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local

LENGTH: 739 words


IF YOU GO

What: The San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers with Alasdair Fraser.

Where: Regents' Theater at the Valley Center for the Performing Arts, Holy Names
University, 3500 Mountain Blvd., Oakland.

When: 8 p.m. on April 27

Cost: $22 general admission, $17 for students and seniors.

Details/tickets: sfsfoakland@sbcglobal.net or 510-530-2661.

By Martin Snapp

STAFF WRITER

Trick question: What's the difference between a violin and a fiddle? "There
isn't any," says Bonnie Rutherford, a sophomore at Holy Names High School in
Oakland. "It's all in the way you play it."

For instance? "Violin music is meant to be listened to," says Imogen Poropat, a
senior at Berkeley High. "Fiddle music is meant to be danced to."

Bonnie and Imogen are both violinists and fiddle players. Bonnie has been
playing since she was 7, Imogen since she was 8. They love both kinds of music,
but their heart is with fiddling.

"It's more fun," says Bonnie. "It's all about having a good time, rather than
just sitting there and reading the notes."

Imogen and Bonnie are members of the San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers, which will
kick off its annual spring concert series at Holy Names University in Oakland on
April 27, followed by performances at Veterans' Memorial Center in Davis on
April 28 and Friedman Event Center in Santa Rosa on April 29.

More than 100 musicians -- fiddlers, cellists, guitar players, flutists and even
a harmonica player -- will fill the hall with the rhythms and melodies of Celtic
music.

Dancers and singers will round out a program that runs the gamut of musical
feeling from toe-tapping jigs and reels, such as to "Miss Grace Hay's Delight"
and "Miss Oswald Of Auchincruive's Favorite Reel," to slow airs such as "The
Highlander's Farewell."

Dancing in the aisles is not only permitted, it's encouraged. At some point,
conductor Alasdair Fraser always turns to the audience and exclaims in a thick
Scottish brogue, "Get up and fling yourself about in an ethnic manner!" By the
way, that's "Scottish," not "Scotch."

"Scotch is a drink," says Imogen. "'Scottish' or 'Scots' refers to people,
'Scotch' refers to inanimate objects."

And don't call what they play "songs," either. The proper term is "tunes."

Despite its name, the San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers draws its members from all
over the Bay Area and beyond. One fiddler, Ann Mayor Muir, lives in
Port-Grimaud, France, a small town near St. Tropez, and flies to the Bay Area
every year for these concerts.

Fraser founded the Scottish Fiddlers in 1986 with just a dozen people.

Today, the group numbers more than 200. They range from preteens to
octogenarians and encompass skills from rank amateurs to seasoned professionals.

"I'm proud to say we've never held an audition," says Fraser. "Competition can
be fun, but I thought, 'Let's see if we can still strive for excellence without
deciding who's best'"

While Fraser is the acknowledged leader, he's not a dictator. He's first among
equals -- a legacy of Scotland's egalitarian heritage, when the monarch was
never called "King of Scotland" but rather the more modest "King of Scots."

"We pay attention to what (Fraser) says because of the tremendous respect we
have for him," says Pate Thomson of Berkeley, one of the original 12.

"He's our spiritual light," adds Deborah McCaskey of Pinole. "It's not just his
immense talent and wonderful stage presence. It's the humor he projects that
makes it so much fun for us to follow him on what he calls a 'musical journey.'"

For many members, the Scottish Fiddlers is like a second family.

"We've watched the young people in the group, like Bonnie and Imogen, grow up
and perform on their own," says Thomson's wife, Judy.

In Imogen's case, that means a budding musical career. She'll spend the next
three years honing her skills at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama
in Glasgow.

The extended family includes the audience, too.

"We have regulars who have been coming to every concert for years, like the
Shamrock Man," says Judy Thomson. "We don't know his real name, but he shows up
every time wearing a bright green hat with shamrocks all over it."

The April 27 concert at Holy Names starts at 8 p.m.; and if history is any
guide, it'll last until the wee hours of the morning.

"I've been doing these spring concerts for 21 years," says Pate Thomson, "and I
have never left a concert where the audience wasn't standing on its feet."

Reach Martin Snapp at 510-262-2768 or e-mail msnapp@cctimes.com .

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

Shutdown stalls plans for Lake Zurich craft distillery

BYLINE: By Bob Susnjara bsusnjara@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 436 words


Jose Hernandez says his plan to open a small distillery later this year in Lake
Zurich may be thrown off by the federal government shutdown.

Hernandez and golf professional Fred Robinson, both of Hawthorn Woods, intend to
open Copper Fiddle Distillery in a 2,100-square-foot storefront on Route 22,
just east of Rand Road. Copper Fiddle is expected to become the 11th or so
small-scale distillery in Illinois.

But Copper Fiddle is in a holding pattern in seeking approval for its labels
from the U.S. Treasury Department's Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau due
to the government shutdown that started Oct. 8.

Hernandez said it's frustrating how the political stalemate over the shutdown
can affect small-business owners and local economies.

"This small example is repeating itself all over the country in all kinds of
businesses," he said Thursday.

Copper Fiddle recently cleared a hurdle with the treasury department's bureau by
receiving a permit for a distilled spirits plant for beverages that would allow
the business to launch. Hernandez said Copper Fiddle moved to the final leg,
which is the federal agency's labeling and advertising of distilled spirits
process.

Federal officials need to approve images of Copper Fiddle's product labels.
Mandatory labeling requirements include proof and percentage of alcohol by
volume, while prohibitions include statements disparaging a competitor's
product.

Hernandez said Copper Fiddle was halfway through the 38-day effort when it was
halted by the shutdown. The business can't proceed to the last step of obtaining
an Illinois craft distillery license until federal officials green-light the
labels.

"It's nail-biting time," said Hernandez, who believes the plan to open in late
December may wind up pushed to February.

Lake Zurich village board trustees recently granted a liquor license to Copper
Fiddle.

Hernandez said renovation work is being done on the building, and fermenting
equipment has been delivered.

Copper Fiddle plans to offer a young, barrel-aged whiskey, clear regular gin and
barrel-aged gin. Also expected are limited releases of bourbon, rye and
limoncello, a lemon liqueur rooted in Amalfi, Italy.

Robinson, Hernandez, the men's wives and some part-time employees are projected
to be the workforce at Copper Fiddle when it opens. Copper Fiddle would join
North Shore Distillery on North Herky Drive near Lake Bluff as the second such
operation in Lake County. Copper Fiddle would host tastings and sell a limited
amount of merchandise. Spirits initially would be distributed to bars,
restaurants and liquor stores in the Lake Zurich and Barrington areas.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy of Fred Robinson Fred Robinson, left, and Jose Hernandez at
the building where they plan to open Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich.
Courtesy of Fred Robinson
 Fred Robinson, left, and Jose Hernandez at the building on Route 22 where they
plan to open Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           October 13, 2012 Saturday

Lots of fiddling and good food at Fiddle Doo

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. H3

LENGTH: 209 words


PERTH-ANDOVER - As they do every year, fiddlers and fiddle music fans came on
Saturday, Sept. 28 from every point on the compass to attend the Wednesday
Evening Fiddlers 2012 Fiddle Doo at the Perth-Andover Legion Branch #36 Hall.

There were several from Edmundston, close to a dozen from the Presque Isle and
Fort Fairfield, Me. areas, others from Grand Falls, Woodstock, Fredericton,
Saint John and many points in between. They came to hear old-time fiddling from
the popular local group and their friends, then partake of the potluck supper.

There were accomplished older fiddlers like WEF leader Garold Hanscom, and
accomplished younger fiddlers like Kimiye Gamblin and Kassidy Morin, and many
others of varying levels of skill, but all with a love for fiddling.

Kim Jensen, president of the Maritime Fiddlers Association, was selling
memberships in that organization, and Hanscom, webmaster of the group's Internet
page (maritimefiddler.ca), was acting as MC of the event that saw on the stage
at one time, three members of the New Brunswick Country Music Hall of Fame.

Three performers - Donnie Cluff of Woodstock, Lawrence LaFrance of Tilley and
Garold Hanscom of California Settlement - had previously been inducted into the
Country Music Hall of Fame.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2012 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Alamogordo Daily News (New Mexico)

                            August 25, 2007 Saturday

Fest explores mountain music

BYLINE: Alamogordo Daily News By Karl Anderson, Staff Writer

SECTION: FEATURES

LENGTH: 618 words


Nearly 100 people came to see Mountain Music, the fourth fund-raising concert of
the year sponsored by the Sacramento Mountains Historical Society, Museum, and
Pioneer Village in Cloudcroft Saturday.

A meeting of the museum board and its membership was held just prior to the
activities, which included an award given to Paul "Viggy" Vigneault as volunteer
of the year for eight consecutive years, 2000 through 2007.

During that time, Vigneault accumulated 10,723 hours of volunteer service with
the museum.

"That is a new record for volunteer work at our museum," said Curator Patsy
Jackson.

Held in the Pavilion at Zenith Park, the event kicked off with a barbecue dinner
and ended up filling both the inside area and outside picnic tables with people
coming for the food and entertainment.

The event began with cowboy poetry by Bill Boverie, who also emceed the show.
Boverie also serves as minister for the Cloudcroft Church of Christ and is
president of the museum's board of directors.

Mountain Music featured three performers Thelma Pearl, Arlene Anderson, and the
Classi Fiddlers.

Pearl is a singer-songwriter who performed her own music, which she calls
"coffee house country." She plays guitar, dulcimer, six-string banjo and
mandolin.

She has appeared with Jerry Reed, John Conally, the Bellamy Brothers, Shenandoah
and Exile.

Accompanying her on bass was Kelsey Scribner, her husband of 29 years, and Mark
and Lois Calwallader from High Rolls.

Arlene Anderson, a self-taught musician of mountain instruments who hails from
Denton, Texas, and who is in the process of relocating to the Cloudcroft area,
performed with the hammer dulcimer, auto harp, bowed psaltry and dobro. She was
accompanied by Thelma Pearl.

Cheryl Lindley-Hughen is lead fiddler for the Classi Fiddlers. She has played in
the Roswell Symphony and Southwest Symphony orchestras, with 35 years of
experience on the fiddle.

Paul Hughen, the Classi Fiddlers string bass player, has played the bass for 38
years in numerous venues, including the Lubbock Pops Orchestra; theater, jazz,
rock, and symphonic bands; and most recently with the Southwest Symphony
Orchestra.

Cheryl and Paul also run the Classi Fiddles Music Studio in Alamogordo where
they teach fiddle, violin and string bass.

Melody Sparks, daughter of Cheryl and Paul, plays fiddle and viola. She was the
Alamogordo High School Orchestra's principal violinist and an All-State
violinist for four years.

Dee Ann Cason, a 27-year member of the Roswell Symphony, where she currently
plays principal second violin, plays fiddle in the band. She has also taught
orchestra in the Farmington, Las Cruces, Ysleta and Alamogordo school districts.
This fall, she will begin teaching orchestra through Community Education and New
Mexico State University-Alamogordo.

"We will continue with our concert series next summer as a very successful
fund-raising venue for the museum," Jackson said. "The last three concerts
raised $4,000."

The concert series accomplishes three things, Jackson noted.

"It helps tremendously as a fund-raiser," she said. "It also helps us to promote
the museum. And it helps in bringing visitors to the area."

Jackson says she intends to make the concert series a tradition in Cloudcroft.

"We want people to know they can look forward to these concerts on a regular
basis in the future," she said.

Ronny Cox, actor and musician, performed at the second in the series of concerts
this summer. Cox is best known for the song "Dueling Banjos," which he performed
in the movie "Deliverance."

"Ronny Cox was born in Cloudcroft," Jackson said. "We would love to have him
come back for a performance next year, but we need a sponsor to bring him back,
which would cost around $2,000."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Musician Arlene Anderson tunes a bowed psaltry for a performance at the
Mountain Music fund-raiser Saturday evening in Cloudcroft. Anderson joined
Thelma Pearl and Co., and the Classi Fiddlers in the fund-raising effort to
benefit the Sacramento Mountains Historical Society Museum and Pioneer Village.
Kelsey Scribner, a guitarist for Thelma Pearl and Co., tests the tuning of his
guitar for a Mountain Music fund-raising performance Saturday evening in
Cloudcroft.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 Alamogordo Daily News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 28, 1995, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

DANCE REVIEW;
A Cowgirl Explores Wider Cultural Territory

BYLINE: By ANNA KISSELGOFF

SECTION: Section C;  Page 14;  Column 3;  Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 436 words


Pat Cannon, a tap-dancer in love with square dances, Western two-steps and the
disco dances of her own generation, offers a creative mix of American folk forms
and Broadway pizazz with her Foot and Fiddle Dance Company.

The troupe's latest program, seen on Saturday night at Playhouse 91, is
typically warm-spirited and distilled. Capsule versions of country dances
alternate with show-stopping solos by an exuberant cast, and a witty
self-mocking touch comes from the fine musicians. An evening with Foot and
Fiddle guarantees a good time for dancers and audiences alike.

As a performer, Ms. Cannon retains her irresistible faux-bumpkin air. But behind
the impishness, a serious side seeks to instruct as well as to entertain. Her
success has always been to theatricalize folk material without souping it up.
Now, after the company's recent tours abroad (including visits to Russia), she
reaches beyond her cowgirl image to a variety of cultural roots.

Among the new entries, a ritual English sword dance, staged by Jan Burdick and
Sarah Henry of the Half Moon Sword troupe, might appear surprising. But much of
Foot and Fiddle's Appalachian repertory is derived from related British
traditions. There is an apt sober air as the dancers weave in and out of designs
formed by raised swords. Yet typically for Foot and Fiddle, the floor patterns
are accompanied by the sound of taps, which English folk dancers do not wear.

A similar effort to contemporize but not corrupt tradition succeeds in Jo
McNamara's Irish step dances for two couples, an extension of the hornpipe that
Christopher Kenney dances so well on the same program. Leslie Stroud and Tracy
Terstriep, who are Rockettes at Radio City Music Hall, have a leggy style that
may be new to clog dancing. But when they kick and bow with a straightened leg,
they are true to the original steps.

The range of percussive dancing is extended in "Gumboot," a South African
miners' stamping dance. Staged by Tsepo Mokone, it is performed with rigor by
Byron Easley, Mr. Kenney and Josef Reiter.

The program's historical survey includes two vibrant jitterbugging numbers,
"Christopher Columbus" and "Big Apple Dance," by Frankie Manning, the grand old
man of Lindy Hop. The company is not yet at home in "Ballroom Suite,"
choreographed by Yvonne Marceau. But another new item, "Sand Dance," suits Mr.
Easley as a lyrical counterpart to his outstandingly performed tap solo, "Sweet
Georgia Brown," choreographed by Frederick Boothe. All the dancers are terrific
and the happy-looking musicians were Hank Bones, Larry Eagle, John England and
Ken Kosek.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             April 28, 2014 Monday

Small batches of gin, bourbon and other spirits are leading a business growth sp

BYLINE: By Bob Susnjara, Daily Herald Business Ledger Writer

SECTION: BIZ LEDGER; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 810 words


Small batches of gin, bourbon and other spirits are leading a business growth
spurt in Illinois.

Craft distillery licenses have about doubled in Illinois in the past year, and
Copper Fiddle Distillery's planned debut in Lake Zurich this week is the latest
example of the industry's expansion.

Illinois is part of a national craft distillery boom, which experts say is
occurring because of changes in state laws more favorable toward the industry
and drinkers wanting something different.

American Craft Distillers Association Executive Director Penn Jensen compares
the artisan hard liquor producers to when the craft beer movement was in its
early stages.

"I think the first thing (with small distilleries), as with craft beer, it's an
expansion of tastes, an expansion of your palate," Jensen said.

Despite the enthusiasm about craft distilleries, Chicago-based whiskey expert
Charles K. Cowdery said it's not an easy business, particularly for those who
want to make a living at it. He said distillers must be visitor-friendly in
location, layout and employees.

"Be hyperlocal. People like the idea of supporting their neighborhood
booze-maker. Cultivate that like crazy and don't worry too much about conquering
the world," said Cowdery, whose latest book is "Bourbon, Straight: The Uncut and
Unfiltered Story of American Whiskey."

Hawthorn Woods residents Jose Hernandez and Fred Robinson, with the help of
their families, offer gin and bourbon different from the major brands with
Copper Fiddle Distillery on Route 22 in Lake Zurich.

Similar to other small-scale distillers, Copper Fiddle will have a tasting and
retail area. Hernandez and Robinson also intend to place their two kinds of gin
and bourbon on local retailers' shelves and in Lake Zurich-area restaurants.

Hernandez, 59, who still works as an architect and has immersed himself in
small-batch distillery research, said only Midwest grain and barrels are used
for Copper Fiddle's products. He said he views the craft distillery business as
a last piece in the locavore trend.

"We're going back to doing what people were doing for hundreds of years,"
Hernandez said. "We're just doing it small and local as opposed to conglomerate
and international."

Illinois had 10 or so licensed craft distilleries about a year ago. The most
recently available records from the Illinois Liquor Control Commission show
there are now 19 licensed craft distilleries, with seven of them in suburban
Cook and Lake counties and six in Chicago.

State law limits the small producers to 30,000 gallons of distilled spirits per
year. Five craft distilleries were licensed in 2011, a year after a law made the
industry possible and allowed on-site sales to the public, according to the
liquor control commission.

Nationwide, the American Craft Distillers Association projects the number to
jump from about 320 to 1,000 licensed operations by the end of 2015. Fewer than
60 craft distilleries existed in the United States in the early 2000s, according
to the association.

Florida and Indiana enacted new laws last year that craft distillery proponents
said make it easier to open and sell directly to consumers.

"The states are just beginning to realize Prohibition is over," Jensen said.

Although the concept of supporting a local distiller may seem noble, the
businesses won't survive unless they offer something different and the products
taste good, industry insiders said.

Jeff Walsh is about to seek federal labeling approval for an "American dry" gin
he plans to produce for his Windy City Distilling in Wheeling, which isn't yet
open to the public. He said the small-scale distillers need creativity because
the big spirits companies haven't been sitting still.

"If it's another bourbon like Maker's Mark, then I'd rather buy Maker's Mark,"
Walsh said.

Jensen said small producers also can try to revive long-dormant recipes, which
is the case at a Kentucky craft distillery making Old Pogue bourbon as it tasted
more than 100 years ago.

Copper Fiddle's Tom gin will be an example of how a small distillery can offer
an uncommon product, the co-owners said. Made with various botanicals, the gin
is briefly stored in once-used whiskey barrels to soak up the wood's flavor and
color.

Robinson, 62, a golf professional, said he's enthusiastic about his bourbon's
potential based on taste-testing results. It's distilled in an old-fashioned
copper still from Arkansas in the rear of the 2,100-square-foot storefront in
Lake Zurich.

Mirroring Cowdery's advice not to trust the people "who love you and will tell
you whatever you do is great," Robinson said the positive feedback he received
about the bourbon included independent tasters and a master craft distiller from
Michigan.

"This is just my experience, but if I hand it to 30 people and I let 30 people
taste the bourbon, 29 of them tell me, 'That is really smooth,'" Robinson said.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photos by Bob Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.com Jose Hernandez, left,
and Fred Robinson of Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich produce small-batch
bourbon and gin in their artisan business. Foto: Bob Chwedyk José Hernández
(izq.), y Fred Robinson de Copper Fiddle Distillery en Lake Zurich producen
whisky y otros licores en su destilería artesanal. Jose Hernandez, left, and
Fred Robinson of Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich produce bourbon and
other spirits in their artisan distillery. photos by Bob
Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.com Jose Hernandez, left, and Fred Robinson of
Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich produce small-batch bourbon and other
spirits in their artisan distillery.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           January 15, 2009 Thursday

Wild ride with the Goddess of Slide

BYLINE: GERRY TAYLOR DOWNHOME MUSIC

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 1231  words


Lately, I often hear complaints by once ardent, long-time CBC Radio One
listeners who have been turned off by so much world music suddenly on our
national network. They are Canadian folk and country fans with a penchant for
music about Canada by Canadians. I feel much the same. But it must be what CBC
surveys show most Canadians prefer.

Well, if so, the celebrated slide guitar legend Ellen McIlwaine, who plays Saint
John's Imperial Theatre, Saturday, Jan. 24, at 8 p.m., should have a sold- out
concert because she was playing world music long before it was called world
music. A fused blues-world hybrid, some define it as music that sleeps with its
soul in the south, it's heart in India and it's voice in the Middle East. Wild,
spontaneous, loudly exuberant, its vocals usually are repeated invocations,
chants with lyrics short and exclamatory.

A child music prodigy, Ellen played rock 'n' roll piano at age five and was
steeped by experience in world influences from birth. Born in Nashville, Tenn.,
she was adopted by Southern Presbyterian Missionaries and lived in Japan for 15
years as part of a small international community.

She attended Kobe's Canadian Academy and listened to New Orleans style rhythm
and blues by Ray Charles and Fats Domino; Latino music by such groups as Trio
Los Panchos; Japanese classical and folk; European classical; American jazz and
country played on U.S. Armed Forces Radio.

She sang in school and church choirs there. Returning to the U.S. in 1963, she
attended a Tennessee university for two years, then art school in Georgia,
becoming hooked on rhythm and blues as played by B.B. King, James Brown, Tina
Turner, the Isley Brothers and others. Inspired, she bought a guitar and began
playing in Atlanta area clubs.

In 1966, encouraged by native American singer-songwriter Patrick Sky, she moved
to Greenwich Village. Caught up in the burgeoning music scene there, she bought
a steel-stringed acoustic Guild guitar, a "loaner" of such tonal excellence it
had been used by such legends as Mississippi John Hurt and Ritchie Havens. Over
time, she forged friendships with Muddy Waters, Dave Van Ronk, Sonny Terry and
Brownie McGhee. Finding a kindred spirit in Jimi Hendrix, they played New York
City clubs as a duo.

She formed her own group, Fear Itself, in 1967 on returning to Atlanta and moved
to Woodstock, N.Y., to play its great music event of 1969. Her first album, Fear
Itself, was released on Dot soon after that historic event. She returned to the
life of a solo performer in 1970. In 1972, she released an album, Honky Tonk
Angel, and in 1973, We The People, on Polydor.

In 1974, she was included on that label's Guitar Album compilation. In 1975, she
moved to Montreal and released The Real Ellen McIlwaine on Kot'ai/United
Artists.

Back in Atlanta a year later, Ellen shared billings with Taj Mahal, Laura Nyro,
Koko Taylor, Bruce Springsteen, Tom Waits, John Lee Hooker, Lily Tomlin, Howling
Wolf and others. In 1978 she recorded with John Lee Hooker and Gerry Brown as
The Power Trio for United Artists.

The following year Guild Guitar honoured her with the gift of one of their
prized solid body electrics.

She released Everybody Needs It in 1982 on Blind Pig. Recorded in Chicago, it
won her the 1982 NAIRD Best Rock Album of the Year Award. Ellen's multi-
cultured influences, her unique style of slide guitar, playing bass lines
against driving rhythms and lead guitar lines along with her powerful vocals and
scatting acrobatics had by this time earned her legendary cult status.

She toured Australia in 1980, 1984 and 2003. In 1987, she recorded Looking For
Trouble released on Canada's Stony Plains label (it also re-released her Real
Ellen McIlwaine and Everybody Needs It albums on one CD in 1996). She took up
residence in Toronto, absorbing the reggae influences of Toots & The Maytrals
and other Jamaican acts, so evident now in her music.

Ellen has continued to tour Canada, the U.S., Europe, the Orient and down under
while releasing an album almost yearly. Tickets to her Saint John concert, "a
wild ride with the Goddess of Slide," are available at the Imperial box office
for $24, $26 and $28; youths 18 and under $20. To reserve by credit card, call
674-4100 or 1-800-323-7469.

ST. ANTOINE FIDDLE-DOO SATURDAY

The Maritime Fiddlers Association first Fiddle-Doo and Potluck at Club D'age
D'or/ Golden Age Club in St. Antoine is this Saturday, starting at 2 p.m., with
a potluck supper at 5 p.m. Normand and Gerald Breau are the hosts. Bring an
instrument and join the jams or just come to listen. Admission is by donation.
For details, call 525-2288.

The first N.B. Fiddle-Doo was held in January 1985 under the direction of Arnold
and Hazel Mercer at the Lutes Mountain Meeting House with Ivan and Vivian Hicks
leading the sessions. This event drew fiddlers from across the province so more
followed. Soon other areas - Alma, Sussex, Saint John, Hampton, Salisbury,
Fredericton, Miramichi, Woodstock and Perth Andover - began holding their own.
Politician and fiddle enthusiast Bill Harmer was an important promoter of the
Doos. Now, once a year, area co-ordinators meet to set dates for the next year's
events. There has been a Fiddle-Doo every two weeks in recent years somewhere in
the province, September to May. Any profits go to assist N.B. fiddling projects.
The association was the financing behind researching and writing a major book
Fiddling In New Brunswick: the History And It's People by Moncton author Gary
Copeland.

HILLSBOROUGH COUNTRY SATURDAY

A Country Music Jamboree, Saturday, 7 p.m., at Kiwanis Centre, Hillsborough,
hosted by the Blue Side of Lonesome band, features guests Valerie Thompson,
Gerry Daigle, Elma Campbell, Justin Bannister, Mike Kennedy, Gerald Carter,
Carol and Wilson Gilmore. Admission is $5. For details, call 756-8303

RIVERVIEW FIDDLES IN CONCERT

If you crave some lively toe-tapping music to drive away winter blues, reserve a
seat now at Fiddles In Concert, Saturday, Jan. 31 (snow date Sunday, Feb. 1) at
Riverview Art Centre in the high school, 400 Whitepine Rd., Riverview.

It is an exciting variety evening with Ivan and Vivian and the Sussex Avenue
Fiddlers - a stage full of them - and guests! There will be lots of fiddling,
step-dancing, singing, yodelling, thrilling harmonica playing and hilarious
comedy.

Formed by Ivan and Vivian in 1978, the Sussex Avenue Fiddlers are celebrating
their 30th anniversary on tour, playing such famous venues as the Wild Horse
Saloon, Nashville, Barbara Fairchild's Theatre, Branson, Missouri, with Doc
Williams in Pennsylvania, at Graceland in Memphis and Louisiana show places.
Advance tickets are available at Sobeys and Jean Coutu in Riverview, Ford's
Apothecary, Moncton, from Ivan Hicks 386-2996 or any Sussex Avenue Fiddler. They
are $15 at door.

FIDDLER HOWARD GREEN DEAD

The many friends of fiddler Howard Green of Norton will be saddened to learn of
his death Sunday at age 83. Born at Jordon River, SK, Howard was a beloved
performer at jamborees in the Belleisle-Norton-Sussex area for decades and in
recent years had increased his fan base through the many Fiddle-Doos in which he
participated. Howard always met you with a smile, never a frown. His funeral
service is this morning at 11 a.m. at Sherwood's Chapel, 18 Scovil Rd., Norton,
839-2158.

Gerry Taylor cgtaylor@nbnet.nb.ca has covered folk and country music for over 30
years.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                       July 12, 2004 Monday Final Edition

Don Messer's fiddle fetches $8,000 at auction: California owner said instrument
belonged at home in Maritimes

SOURCE: The Canadian Press

BYLINE: Susan Aitken

SECTION: News; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 266 words

DATELINE: HALIFAX

HALIFAX - A fiddle that once belonged to Canadian folk icon Don Messer sold for
a song at a Halifax auction yesterday.

"I'm just shaking," said lifelong Messer fan Della Gillespie, whose $8,000 bid
landed her the prized instrument.

The 84-year-old Ms. Gillespie of St. Stephen, N.B., won the bidding war at the
55th Maritime Fiddle Festival.

An emotional Ms. Gillespie was thrilled to be holding a piece of Canadian
history for what she considered to be a bargain price. She said she'd expected
it to fetch $40,000 or more.

Ms. Gillespie recalled the first time she saw Don Messer and his Islanders play
in New Brunswick in 1934 when she was just 14 years old. "My mother didn't want
me going, she said I was too young to be around the dancing," she said.

"But I was right head over heels with it, and I could dance some then," said Ms.
Gillespie, demonstrating a step or two as she held the hand of the fiddle's last
owner, violin teacher Judy Berry of California.

Ms. Berry got the fiddle in 1998 from the Halifax Folklore Centre, where it had
just been consigned by Mr. Messer's eldest daughter.

Mr. Messer was given the 1920 Stradivarius copy in 1968 by fellow fiddling
sensation Graham Townsend. As Ms. Berry played it one last time yesterday, she
said a feeling had grown in her that the instrument needed to go home.

"It belongs in the Maritimes," Ms. Berry said to Ms. Gillespie.

Ms. Gillespie bought the fiddle as a gift for a friend who is related to Mr.
Messer and still lives in the area of New Brunswick where the late musician, who
died in 1973, was born.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: CBC Photo; Don Messer was a beloved figure on radio and TV,
where his ratings surpassed those for the Ed Sullivan Show in the '60s.

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           November 13, 2008 Thursday

Two talented women bring music to NEYT

BYLINE: Entertainment

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 368 words


BRATTLEBORO -- Two musically gifted women will grace the stage of the New
England Youth Theatre, 100 Flat St., this weekend.

Singer/songwriter Lisa McCormick returns to the stage for her annual Big Band
Bash, on Saturday at 8 p.m., at the New England Youth Theatre. Doors open at
7:30 p.m.

On Sunday, rising star April Verch, whose beguiling blend of folk, jazz,
old-time, bluegrass and roots music is featured on her new CD, "Steal the Blue,"
will perform at 7 p.m.

Lisa McCormick

McCormick will be joined on stage by many of the musicians who played on her
newest CD, "Talisman Groove," including cellist Sabine Rhyne, percussionist
Steve Leicach, guitarist Thomas Anderson and bassist Julian McBrowne.

McCormick bases her extensive musical career from her southern Vermont home.
With numerous songwriting and performance awards, four CDs, an active touring
and teaching schedule, McCormick also recently co-produced the inaugural
Brattstock, a free festival celebrating local musical talent, last July.

Tickets are $15. Advance tickets are recommended, and are available through
www.brattleborotix.com . Tickets also available at Verde, 133 Main St.,
Brattleboro and may also be available at the door. For more information, visit
www.LisaMcCormick.com .

April Verch

Verch is a high-energy fiddle -player and step-dancer, who brngs a pure voice
and the detailed elegance of her fiddle phrasing to a repertoire that ranges
through material from bluegrass to Brazilian to Celtic, from a jaunty Canadian
folksong to a poignant contemporary ballad.

While she was studying music at Berklee College of Music in Boston (under Matt
Glaser and Darol Anger), Verch first blended different forms of traditional
music to make her own sound. She then launched her career by winning the
Canadian Grand Masters Fiddle Champion and the Canadian Open Fiddle Champion
titles (the first and only woman to win both).

The April Verch Band features Marc Bru on percussion, Lincoln Meyers on guitar
and Cody Walters on upright-electric bass.

Tickets are available at www.brattleborotix.com and at Everyone's Books on
Elliot Street in Brattleboro and at Village Square Booksellers in Bellows Falls.
For information, visit www.aprilverch . com.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

Oklahoma News Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 351 words


CUSHINGEnforcement

efforts climbThe Cushing Police Department will have an increased presence in
the community beginning Wednesday, the first day of school in Cushing Public
Schools. Officers will be highly visible and enforcing traffic laws designed to
target speeders, aggressive drivers and motor ists failing to stop for school
buses, according to a news release. Police officers will specifically target the
25 mph school zone in the 1500 to 2200 blocks of E Main Street, and the 20 mph
school zone in the 400 to 600 blocks of S Little Avenue.

FROM STAFF REPORTS

GROVEFiddle fest

to returnThe Jana Jae Fiddle Camp and Music Festival will bring entertainment
and workshops to the Grand Lake area Aug. 29-31. All events at Snider's Camp,
just south of Grove on the banks of Grand Lake, are free to the public, with
music provided by fiddles, cellos, guitars and mandolins. Fiddle workshops will
be held on Aug. 30 and Aug. 31 from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. at Grove Civic Center.
Admission is free. Call (918) 786-8896 or go online to grandlakefestivals.com
for a schedule.

FROM STAFF REPORTS

ADAFilm focuses on TE AtaThe Chickasaw Nation will produce a film about
Oklahoma's first "State Treasure," Mary Frances Thompson. Scripting, casting and
filming are planned in Tisho mingo, Guthrie, Oklahoma City, and within the
Chickasaw Nation's 13-county tribal territory. Thompson was best known by her
stage name, Te Ata, which means "bearer of dawn." She adopted the name at the
infancy of her career in the 1920s when she performed as an actress, dancer and
storyteller. Thompson performed in full regalia at the first state dinner held
by President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt and entertained King George VI in
1939 at Roosevelt's home at Hyde Park, N.Y. She was inducted into the Oklahoma
Hall of Fame in 1958, awarded the Oklahoma Governor's Arts Award in 1975, named
Woman of the Year by Ladies Home Journal in 1976 and inducted into the Chickasaw
Nation Hall of Fame in 1990. For audition information, go online to http://teata
themovie.com/Special-Pages/Casting.aspx#sides.

BY SHEILA STOGSDILL,FOR THE OKLAHOMAN


LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             August 18, 2014 Monday

Oklahoma News Briefs

SECTION:

LENGTH: 350 words


CUSHINGEnforcementefforts climbThe Cushing Police Department will have an
increased presence in the community beginning Wednesday, the first day of school
in Cushing Public Schools. Officers will be highly visible and enforcing traffic
laws designed to target speeders, aggressive drivers and motorists failing to
stop for school buses, according to a news release. Police officers will
specifically target the 25 mph school zone in the 1500 to 2200 blocks of E Main
Street, and the 20 mph school zone in the 400 to 600 blocks of S Little Avenue.

FROM STAFF REPORTS

GROVEFiddle festto returnThe Jana Jae Fiddle Camp and Music Festival will bring
entertainment and workshops to the Grand Lake area Aug. 29-31. All events at
Snider's Camp, just south of Grove on the banks of Grand Lake, are free to the
public, with music provided by fiddles, cellos, guitars and mandolins. Fiddle
workshops will be held at Grove Civic Center on Aug. 30 and Aug. 31 from 9 a.m.
to 4 p.m. Admission is free. Call (918) 786-8896 or go online to
grandlakefestivals.com for a schedule.

FROM STAFF REPORTS

ADAFilm focuses on TE AtaThe Chickasaw Nation will produce a film about
Oklahoma's first "State Treasure," Mary Frances Thompson. Scripting, casting and
filming are planned in Tishomingo, Guthrie, Oklahoma City, and within the
Chickasaw Nation's 13-county tribal territory. Thompson was best known by her
stage name, Te Ata, which means "bearer of dawn." She adopted the name at the
infancy of her career in the 1920s when she performed as an actress, dancer and
storyteller. Thompson performed in full regalia at the first state dinner held
by President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt and entertained King George VI in
1939 at Roosevelt's home at Hyde Park, N.Y. She was inducted into the Oklahoma
Hall of Fame in 1958, awarded the Oklahoma Governor's Arts Award in 1975, named
Woman of the Year by Ladies Home Journal in 1976 and inducted into the Chickasaw
Nation Hall of Fame in 1990. For audition information go online to
http://teatathemovie.com/Special-Pages/Casting.aspx#sides.

BY SHEILA STOGSDILL,FOR THE OKLAHOMAN


LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Weiser Signal American (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 1, 2015

Thanks for a wonderful week of fiddling;
EYE ON WEISER

BYLINE: Weiser Signal American staff

LENGTH: 464  words


Another fiddle week has come to a close. It seems quiet in the wake of the
fiddlers leaving town. It was such fun to be unplugged from tech gadgets for a
week and just listen to the elements of music -- the fiddle, mandolin, guitar
and bass.

The many volunteers deserve a round of applause for coordinating such a large
event and making it run as smooth as possible. Cindy and Bruce Campbell put in
untold hours, as they have for more than three decades. Sandy Cooper basically
lived in the National Oldtime Fiddlers' Contest offices for months organizing
the events.

I met some delightful folks from out of town during the week. I chatted with a
guy from the Bay Area who worked for Google, had a Ph.D in biostatistics from
Cal-Berkeley and a kid in the fiddle contest. You never know who you will meet.

There's Hughie Smith, who won the senior senior division. He's a friendly guy
who has been fiddling for more years than I have been on this Earth. He used to
play the nightclubs around Bakersfield, Calif. His fiddling style is country,
and he knew the greats of the Bakersfield sound -- Buck Owens, Merle Haggard.

I hope I'm as energized and excited about life at age 82 as he is.

There are the critics who lament that this or that wasn't as big as previous
years. The vendors, amusements and everything else is peripheral to what is
bringing people here in the first place. Any event that's been around since 1953
is going to evolve over the years. Each of us needs to do our own little part to
make the NOTFC even better next year.

Anyway, it was great to see young fiddlers from all over the U.S. who will keep
the homegrown style of music alive for many years to come.

At the end of the week, the judges, and they were all highly experienced
fiddlers themselves, picked Luke Price as the national champion. I'm certainly
not going to argue with the selection. They were all tops in my book.

What's that funny smell wafting from across the Snake River?

Why it must be that wacky tobbacky they are stuffing in their corncob pipes over
in Ontario, Ore.

Oregon residents over the age of 21 can imbibe in the moderately mind-altering
weed as of July 1 and not get tossed in the slammer.

There are some rules governing the recreational use of marijuana in Oregon and
some they are still trying to write. It's a field day for lawyers to parse the
intent of the law.

It is illegal to smoke it in public. It's also against the law to drive under
the influence of marijuana, but I'm not sure it's as easy to detect pot use as
it is alcohol use.

What's the cutoff for pot use and driving? Are you impaired after one puff of
pot?

It's not possible to buy it in stores yet, but that's coming as soon as the
regulations are sorted out and growers get licenses.

Steve Lyon is the editor of the Signal American.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEI

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 Weiser Signal American


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Eastbourne Herald

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

The Celtic Fiddle Festival in local gig

LENGTH: 456  words


The Celtic Fiddle Festival band celebrates the violin in all its glory with a
date at Hailsham Pavilion on Saturday February 25 at 7.30pm.

Fiddlers Kevin Burke (Ireland), Christian Lemaître (Brittany) and Charlie
McKerron (Scotland) showcase a juxtaposition of international and individual
styles, with accompaniment from Nicolas Quemener (Brittany).

Kevin, whose career includes the Irish groups The Bothy Band and Patrick Street,
said: "We got together about 25 years ago. I live in America and I play Irish
music. I had a really good friend from Scotland called Johnny Cunningham who was
also living in the States. We felt it would be good fun to go on tour together.
Somebody suggested we bring a third fiddler in and we could advertise the show
as a demonstration of three different fiddle styles. We chose a Breton fiddler
called Christian Lemaître to come with us. They asked what we were going to call
ourselves, and we just said our names. We thought we were just going to do it
once. But they said we needed a proper name and came up with Celtic Fiddle
Festival, which we thought was a bit of a weird name but we would only use it
the one time. But we are still using it seven or eight albums and 25 years'
worth of concerts later!"

Sadly Johnny passed away and Charlie McKerron has since joined the band.

Kevin lives in Portland, Oregon, which the entire band has taken as its base.
"We thought we would stay in Portland and see what turns up. We are still
waiting! But it is a good place. There are four seasons, just like it says in
the schoolbooks, and it is quite temperate. It's very like the UK, except we get
a good summer every year. I find that my spiritual home would have to be
Ireland, but since I have been living in Portland for 36 years or more, I would
have to say that's where home is. That's where I have got a key to the front
door!" Tickets £20 from 01323 841414 www.pavilionhailsham.co.uk.

Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.

Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's
going on.

1) Make our website your homepage at {http://www.eastbourneherald.co.uk/ |
www.eastbourneherald.co.uk/| www.eastbourneherald.co.uk/}

2) Like our Facebook page at
{https://www.facebook.com/pages/Eastbourne-Herald-and-Gazette/116997308330416|
Text to display | alt text}

3) Follow us on Twitter {https://twitter.com/Eastbournenews | @Eastbournenews |
@Eastbournenews}

4) Register with us by clicking on sign in' (top right corner). You can then
receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read
here.

And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!

The Eastbourne Herald - always the first with your local news.

Be part of it.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPEH


                       Copyright 2017 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 February 13, 2004 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

PROGRESSIVE FIDDLER IS CHANGING THE WORLD;
ANGER'S STRING ENSEMBLES CONTINUE HIS EFFORTS TO CHART NEW TERRITORY

BYLINE: ANDREW GILBERT, Special to the Mercury News

SECTION: EYE; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1016 words


In the Virtual Republic of Strings, fiddler Darol Anger may not be the paramount
leader, but he's certainly the standard bearer.

Since his first major gig with mandolin master Dave Grisman in the mid-1970s,
through his long tenure as a founding member of the jazz-infused Turtle Island
String Quartet and his work with neo-grass ensembles such as Psychograss and
Newgrange, Anger has spent a quarter-century in the vanguard of an international
movement of string players steeped in traditional musical stylesbut eager to
push into uncharted territory.

His latest project, the American Fiddle Ensemble, celebrates the recent release
of its gloriously eclectic album "Republic of Strings" (Compass Records) with a
series of Northern California gigs, including performances Wednesday at Espresso
Garden and Cafe and on Feb. 21 at Freight and Salvage in Berkeley.

While the band's moniker locates it in a specific geographic realm, the album's
cover art, an elegant, Anger-designed internationally recognizable string logo
seen on three colorful fluttering flags, gives a better sense of the music
contained within, which ranges freely around the globe from Appalachia and
Scandinavia to Motown and Mali.

"Working in the Dave Grisman Quintet from 1975 to 1984, the whole ethos of that
band was moving the music forward," says Anger, a longtime Oakland resident, in
a phone conversation from Hawaii. "I don't think I've ever been in a band that
didn't share that ethos, taking the string band and combining music from all
over the world.

"Now there's this virtual nation of string band players from all over the
world," he says. "They've built on the idea of the string band as a complete
little symphony in itself, a dance band that generates its own rhythms. That
goes back to the Hot Club of France combining jazz, gypsy and classical
influences, or to" jazz violinists "Joe Venuti and Stuff Smith, right up through
the Grisman Quintet."

The American Fiddle Ensemble is the latest manifestation of the string band as
sonic laboratory, a multi-generational Bay Area supergroup featuring guitar
virtuoso Scott Nygaard, cellist Rushad Eggleston and 17-year-old fiddler
Brittnay Haas. Anger describes the lineup as "a phenom, a master, a prodigy and
a legendary weirdo. Scott's the master; Rushad is the phenomenon; Brittnay's the
prodigy; and I'm the weirdo, though I think Rushad's working really hard to take
that title away from me."

For the Espresso Garden and Freight shows, Wayfaring Strangers singer Aoife
O'Donovan is scheduled to perform as special guest on Joni Mitchell's "Help Me"
and Stevie Wonder's "Higher Ground," vocals covered on the album by Laurie Lewis
and Sara Watkins, respectively.

The seeds of the American Fiddle Ensemble were planted several years ago, when
Anger and Nygaard were looking for opportunities to play together. Nygaard made
his reputation as one of the most prodigious modern bluegrass guitarists through
his work with Laurie Lewis' Grant Street and Tim O'Brien's O'Boys but had
largely dropped off the scene to spend more time with his family. His job as
editor of Acoustic Guitar Magazine still allowed him to play occasional gigs
around the Bay Area. So he and Anger formed an acoustic bar band called the
Improbables.

Through his educational work at clinics and music camps, Anger encountered
Eggleston, an amazing young cellist versed in bluegrass and jazz. Almost
finished with a degree from Boston's Berklee College of Music, where he's the
first string player awarded a full scholarship, Eggleston made his recording
debut in Fiddlers 4 with Anger, Michael Doucet and Bruce Molsky on a self-titled
Compass CD that was nominated for a 2002 Grammy.

"Basically, he does everything on the cello that I do on the fiddle," Anger says
of Eggleston. "He's a fantastic soloist with incredible flair. He has a great
grasp of musical structure and can play bass and drums on the cello
simultaneously."

Haas, who started playing violin at 4, first discovered old-time music at 8
while attending Alasdair Fraser's Valley of the Moon Scottish Fiddling School in
Boulder Creek. Later she began studying with Molsky, who eventually felt that
she had tapped him dry of information. With her growing interest in jazz, he
recommended she start taking lessons with Anger, which led to her joining the
American Fiddle Ensemble.

"I spent a year and a half teaching her pretty much everything I know about
playing the fiddle," Anger says. "She's just a wonderful, beautiful musician. As
my old boss David Grisman says, if you can't beat these kids, you better hire
'em."

For Haas, whose older sister Natalie plays cello on three "Republic of Strings"
tracks, performing in American Fiddle Ensemble has opened new musical doors. A
junior at Menlo School in Atherton, she wasn't familiar with the Joni Mitchell
and Stevie Wonder tunes covered on the album.

"It was really cool doing these songs," Haas says. "It made me go out andbuy the
CDs, and I checked out stuff I hadn't heard before."

The group's repertoire includes many Anger and Nygaard originals, as well as
tunes even more unlikely for string band arrangements than "Higher Ground,"
including a piece by the fusion band the Yellowjackets. American Fiddle Ensemble
not only has developed its own music and sound, but it also will be flying its
own flag soon, modeled after the faux-photo on the CD cover.

"Those are the beautiful colorful flags they fly over Moscone Center, and we
used some photographic trickery to impose this string logo that I put together,"
Anger says. "But we're actually making a flag of this virtual republic, and
we're going to bring it to some of these concerts. We're extending an invitation
to everyone interested in this music to become a citizen of the Republic of
Strings."
American Fiddle Ensemble
Where: Espresso Garden, 814 S. Bascom Ave., San Jose
When: 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
Tickets: $17
Call: (408) 294-3353
Also: 8 p.m., Feb. 21, Freight & Salvage, 1111 Addison St., Berkeley, $16.50,
(510) 548-1761, www.freightand
salvage.org

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: 'This virtual nation of string band players from all over the world is
built on the idea of the string band as a complete little symphony in itself, a
dance band that generates its own rhythms. That goes back to the Hot Club of
France combining jazz, gypsy and classical influences, right up through the
Grisman Quintet.'
- Darol Anger

                     Copyright 2004 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            April 29, 2010, Thursday

MUSIC;
Irish fiddler Eileen Ivers highlights pops concert

BYLINE: Julie Robinson, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1D

LENGTH: 518 words


WANT TO GO?

Eileen Ivers

"Irish Delight" with Eileen Ivers and the West Virginia Symphony Orchestra

WHEN: 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday

WHERE: Clay Center

TICKETS: Starting at $9 for adults and $5 for students

INFO: www.wvsymphony.org or 304-561-3570

Bet you can't keep from tapping your feet when Irish fiddler Eileen Ivers takes
the stage.

Ivers and her band, Immigrant Soul, join the West Virginia Symphony Orchestra in
the final pops concert of the season this weekend. Celtic and Irish music fans
won't want to miss the performances. Neither will jazz, bluegrass or classical
music fans. Ivers incorporates all those influences in her alternately poignant
and rousing music.

"I try to play and teach in the traditional way. I look at Irish music as a
living tradition. It's still pure, but it's evolving and changing," she said.
"The other styles make the music more accessible to audiences who might not
otherwise hear it."

In "Pachebel's Frolic," the symphony musicians play the classical favorite canon
straight as it evolves into a lively Irish fiddler reel. The haunting melody of
"Immigration Suite" often tugs on listeners' heartstrings, while they can't keep
from moving to the rhythmic, highly energized bluegrass in "Blizzard Train."

The daughter of Irish immigrants who settled in the Bronx, N.Y., Ivers learned
to play traditional Irish fiddle music on the violin. She's a nine-time
All-Ireland fiddle champion. Ivers' fame grew as the musical star of Riverdance
and a founding member of Cherish the Ladies.

Today, she plays an electric fiddle as she and her band perform more than 90
concerts this year. Critics say her virtuoso playing suggests the future of the
Celtic fiddler and rave about her adventurous musicianship.

And, just to clarify, fiddlers and violinists play the same stringed instrument.

"It's the music that you play and how you play it that makes the difference,"
Ivers said. "I conducted a master fiddle class at Clemson University. When asked
about the difference in the instruments, one of the students said that a violin
has strings while a fiddle has 'strangs'."

So what about those rumors the violinists lack respect for fiddlers? That's not
been Ivers' experience with the 40-plus symphony orchestras with whom she and
her band have performed.

"Violinists constantly come over and talk to us. They comment on how we're not
inhibited and how well we improvise," she said. "In turn, we greatly respect
classical players and admire their skill. They can read anything. We feel
privileged to be there with them."

Ivers looks forward to bringing her music to the Mountain State, where many
residents have Scots-Irish roots that tie to American old-timey music
traditions. Irish dancers will take the stage during some of the songs.

"There's such honesty in Irish music. It's heartfelt and joyous, uplifting and
raucous," she said. "We truly play from the heart. The band and I love to
perform. People tell us that we lift them up."

Photo courtesy of LUKE RATRAY

Eileen Ivers incorporates a variety of musical styles in her performances.

Reach Julie Robinson at julier@wvgazette.com or 304-348-1230.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            August 15, 2006 Tuesday

Novelist Nicole Galland signing books

SECTION: BAY AREA LIVING

LENGTH: 757 words


WHEN Nicole Galland's first novel, "The Fool's Tale," was published in early
2005, the author was finishing up her stint as dramaturg for Berkeley Repertory
Theatre.

With the success of the book, Galland decided to give writing her full attention
and her second novel, "Revenge of the Rose," is already on the shelves.

Galland's book is inspired by a medieval poem called "Romance of the Rose," or,
"William of Dole" by Jehan Renart.

"I was curious about all the little mysteries that lurked within its lines,"
Galland says.

So she wrote a novel to satisfy her own curiosity and find solutions for all the
poem's secrets.

Galland is in Alameda tonight for a reading and book signing at 7:30 p.m. at
Books Inc., 1344 Park St.

The author, who now divides her time between the East Coast and the Bay Area,
says she is working on her third novel.

-- Chad Jones

Fiddling siblings

They say that the family that fiddles together stays together. That's certainly
been the case with Tashina and Tristan Clarridge, the sister-and-brother act
that has been fiddling since early childhood.

Raised in Northern California, the Clarridge siblings have studied with such
accomplished players as Megan Lynch, Rob Diggins, Mark O'Connor, Darol Anger and
Natalie MacMaster.

All that time and effort has certainly paid off. The Clarridges are now a top
draw at traditional music festivals such as Yosemite's Strawberry and at major
folk clubs such as the Freight and Salvage Coffee House in Berkeley, where they
perform Wednesday..

Tashina and Tristan are both accomplished players. They've released three CDs,
including a collection of Celtic airs, strathspeys, jigs and reels titled "My
Lily." Between them they've won four Grand National Fiddle Championships, six
California State Fiddle Championships and two Western Open Grand Fiddle
Championships.

If you're a fiddle fan, you won't want to miss this show. The music starts at 8
p.m. Tickets are $17.50. The Freight and Salvage is at 1111 Addison St. Call
(510) 548-1761 or visit http://www.thefreight.org .

-- Jim Harrington

Tom, totally

Tom Stafford began his singing career at age 5 with a gospel song "Jesus the
Waymacker." Back then, in his native Kentucky, he sang with his mother and
sister in a trio that became known as the Stafford Family.

Since then, Stafford earned master's degrees in education, but he has not
forgotten his past. He has recorded seven albums and debuted in a successful
one-man show, "Totally Tom."

Saturday, he comes to the Sanchez Concert Hall with "Totally Tom II."

He will perform pop classics such as "The Way You Look Tonight," "Love Will Keep
us Together," and "Walk on By," tunes from the repertoire of Motown and The
Supremes. He will also perform some gospel songs.

The show starts at 7:30 p.m. at the Sanchez Concert Hall, 1220 Linda Mar Blvd.,
Pacifica. Tickets are $12-$20. (650) 355-1882 or visit
http://www.pacificaperformances.org .

-- Sasha Vasilyuk

CV Arts opens season

Castro Valley Arts Foundation, called CV Arts for short, has announced the
line-up for its inaugural season at the new Castro Valley Center for the Arts at
19501 Redwood Road in Castro Valley.

The season opens with a Bay Area treasure, jazz cabaret singer Paula West, at 2
p.m. Sept. 17.

Creative Voices, an a cappella chamber choir, performs "Cafe Buenos Aires" with
guest tango dancers at 8 p.m. Nov. 18.

Jazz guitarist Bruce Forman performs with the Cow Bop Band at 8 p.m. March 17,
and Joni Morris conjures a country legend in "Portrait of Patsy Cline" at 7:30
p.m. May 10.

Season subscriptions are from $100 to $125, and individual tickets are $30 and
$35. Call (510) 889-8961 or visit http://www.cvartsfoundation.org for
information.

-- Chad Jones

Volunteers needed

Audubon Canyon Ranch, a private nonprofit preserve and bird sanctuary in Marin
County, is looking for volunteers to help host visits from Bay Area
schoolchildren at its 1,000-acre Bolinas Lagoon Preserve.

The preserve, located just a few miles north of Stinson Beach off Highway 1, is
home to one of the largest great blue heron, great egret and snowy egret nesting
sites on the West Coast.

ACR's docent training classes begin in September and continue for 22 weeks
through March 2007. Taught by ACR's staff biologist and experts from around the
Bay Area, the class covers topics such as birds, insects, pond life and teaching
techniques.

A volunteer orientation meeting is set for 9:30 a.m.

Aug. 23 at the preserve, 4900 Highway 1, Stinson Beach. To sign up or for more
information, call (415) 868-9244 or e-mail acr@egret.org .

-- From staff reports

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             May 24, 2012, Thursday

Vandalia Gathering schedule of events

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5D

LENGTH: 668 words


All events are free and take place at the state Capitol Complex. For all contest
rules, visit www.wvculture.org/vandalia.

FRIDAY

7 p.m.: Vandalia Award Ceremony and concert: Emceed by Bill Kimmons with music
by Allegheny Echoes instructors and students and Augusta Heritage Center
instructors and students. Memorial tributes to Rush Butcher and Everett Lilly.

SATURDAY

Capitol Grounds

10 a.m. to 6 p.m.: Information, food and craft booths

11 a.m. to 5 p.m.: Children's activities (avian demo, art activities,
storytelling and more)

Great Hall

11 a.m.: Grand parade

11:30 a.m.: Scottish dancing

12:10 p.m.: Vandalia Dancers (Morris dancing)

12:30 p.m.: Davis and Elkins College Dance Collective

1 p.m.: Vandalia Dancers (English/European dancing)

1:20 p.m.: Audience participation dancing led by Don Dransfield

1:50 p.m.: Vandalia Dancers (Scottish/Irish dancing)

2:10 p.m.: Davis and Elkins College Dance Collective

2:40 p.m.: Irish dancing

3:30 p.m.: Cakewalk

Old-Time Stage

Contest registration runs 11 a.m. to noon.

Noon: Senior fiddle contest (awards at 1:30 p.m.)

1 p.m.: Jim and Valarie Gabeheart

1:30 p.m.: Youth fiddle contest (awards at 5 p.m.)

2:30 p.m.: Under 60 fiddle contest (awards at 5 p.m.)

4:30 p.m.: Emily Pritchard, 2011 lap dulcimer winner

Circle Stage

Contest registration runs 11 a.m. to noon.

Noon: Bluegrass banjo contest (awards at 2 p.m.)

1:30 p.m.: Dan Kessinger, 2011 fiddle winner

2:30 p.m.: Mandolin contest (awards at 4:30 p.m.)

4 p.m.: Jim Mullins, 2011 senior banjo winner

Dance Stage

Flat-foot and square dancing with callers Mack Samples, Lou Maiuri, Taylor
Runner and Bill Ohse and music by Mudhole Control (noon and 2:30 p.m.) and the
Bing Brothers (1:15 and 3:45 p.m.).

Culture Center Theater

12:30 p.m.: West Virginia Storytellers Guild

1:45 p.m.: Andrew Dunlap

2:30 p.m.: Swanagan Ray

3:15 p.m.: Brandon Green

4 p.m.: Elmer Rich

6:30 p.m.: Buck and Company Bluegrass Band, Jim Costa, Frank George with Poteen,
Lester McCumbers, Terry Vaughan and the Samples Brothers with emcee Roger
Bryant.

Plaza

1 p.m.: Pound cake and cupcake baking contests (registration 10 a.m. to 12:30)

SUNDAY

Capitol Grounds

10 a.m. to 6 p.m.: Information, food and craft booths

Noon to 5 p.m.: Children's activities (avian demo, art activities, storytelling
and more)

Circle Stage

Contest registration runs 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.

Noon: Pete Kosky

12:30 p.m.: Youth flat pick guitar contest (awards at 3:30 p.m.)

1:30 p.m.: Mountain Station

2 p.m.: Flat pick guitar contest (awards at 3:30 p.m.)

3:30 p.m.: Mike Morningstar

4 p.m.: Roger Bryant

Old-Time Stage

Contest registration runs 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.

Noon: Front Page

12:30 p.m.: Senior banjo contest (awards at 1:45 p.m.)

1:30 p.m.: Will Manahan, 2011 dulcimer winner

2 p.m.: Lap dulcimer contest (awards at 5 p.m.)

3:15 p.m.: The Appalachian

3:30 p.m.: Old-time banjo contest (awards at 5 p.m.)

Culture Center Theater

Noon: Storytelling with George Daugherty, Rich Knoblich and Bill Hairston

1 p.m.: Liars contest (registration at noon)

4 p.m.: Concert with Bare Bones, Angie Richardson, the United Gospel Singers and
Flying Colors, emceed by Bill Hairston.

Great Hall

Noon: Grand Parade

12:40 p.m.: Vandalia Dancers (Morris dancing)

1 p.m.: Scottish dancing

1:40 p.m.: Vandalia Dancers (English/European dancing)

2 p.m.: West Virginia 4-H Dance Ambassadors

2:20 p.m.: Helvetia Folk Dancers

2:50 p.m.: Vandalia Dancers (Scottish/Irish dancing)

3:10 p.m.: West Virginia 4-H Dance Ambassadors

3:30 p.m.: Helvetia Folk Dancers

4 p.m.: Irish dancing

Dance Stage

Flat-foot and square dancing with callers Mack Samples, Lou Maiuri, Steve
Ballman and music by the Full Moon Boys (noon and 2:30 p.m.) and Born Old (1:15
and 3:45 p.m.).

Photo courtesy of MICHAEL KELLER, W.Va. Division of Culture and History

The Bing Brothers - Dave, Tim and Mike (front row, from left) - will receive
this year's Vandalia Award in a free concert and ceremony at 7 p.m. Friday at
the Culture Center Theater. They're pictured circa mid-1990s at Camp
Wasington-Carver with bandmates John Blisard and Danny Arthur (back row, from
left).

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Coventry Evening Telegraph

                            August 13, 1999, Friday

FOLK: HIT BY BARRAGE OF PURE SOUND;
 GO2

BYLINE: Pete Willow

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 288 words


FROM Disneyland in California to last weekend's Fairport Convention Festival in
Cropredy, the Canadian fiddle band Barrage has established itself as a powerful
musical force.

The 11-piece fiddle band is touring the UK and appears on Thursday at the Hare
and Hounds in Keresley End, Coventry.

Covering a wide range of musical styles - from Celtic and Calypso to Cajun and
country - the line-up mixes voices, tin whistles, mandolin, electric, acoustic
and bass guitars and up to seven fiddles at once.

The effect is a stunning choreographed whirl with the fiddlers constantly
changing places centre stage. One critic has described them as "Riverdance
without Michael Flatley's ego."

The band's musical director, Dean Marshall, said: "So many different musical
styles in the world use fiddles. "We take music of different ethnic backgrounds,
tie it in with contemporary music and have a lot of fun with it"'

Since the band was formed in Calgary three years ago, their enthusiasm and
energy has won them friends the world over.

Their previous visit to the UK included a memorable tornado of a performance on
BBC TV's Blue Peter.

The Hare and Hounds concert starts at 9pm.

OUR own Queen and the King and Queen of Sweden are among the many who have
enjoyed the music of Harbury singer-songwriter duo The Harvesters. Their music
has taken Ian and Sue Hartland from the Falklands to the USA and across Europe
but Thursday sees them very much on home territory.

You can catch their highly entertaining set at the Malt Shovel in Gaydon.

WEDNESDAY sees a new monthly folk session at the Earlsdon Cottage pub in
Coventry. Starting at 8.30pm, admission is free and singers and musicians are
welcome.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FIDDLE BAND: Barrage is on tour and coming to the Hare and Hounds in
Coventry on Thursday

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 1999 Coventry Newspapers Limited


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                             March 16, 2012 Friday

The string's the thing: Old-time fiddlers' annual melodic invasion of Oroville
under way

BYLINE: By MARY WESTON - Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 607 words


OROVILLE   Rain drove the old time fiddlers indoors this year, but it hasn't
dampened their spirits.

Musicians started congregating Thursday for the 46th yearly California State Old
Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championships.

Competitions continue through Saturday with free admission at the Municipal
Auditorium, 1200 Myers St.

Donations are welcomed at the door.

Today, the fiddlers event runs 3-8 p.m. Awards for winners of senior,
senior/senior and oldest fiddler will be given at 6:30 p.m.

An Anything Goes competition kicks off at 6:30 p.m. and runs to about 8 p.m.
with awards.

Inside the Oroville Centennial Cultural Center on Thursday, fiddlers jammed and
supporters came to listen to and talk about the old time music.

Larry Jendro is the President of California State Old Time Fiddlers Association
for District 8.

On Thursday at the auditorium, Jendro said fiddle music is part of our cultural
heritage and the songs tell American history.

"When I play 'Soldier's Joy,' I am playing the same music Thomas Jefferson
played," Jendro said.

"The Girl I Left Behind," communicates sentiments from the 1600s.

"People know more history from the 'Battle of New Orleans' than from any book,"
Jendro said.

A history teacher made up the lyrics to the Battle of New Orleans to teach
students the history.

The teacher used music from "Eight of January" that was written to celebrate the
end of the battle.

Jendro started playing the fiddle in 2004 about two years after he moved to
Oroville, and discovered the fiddler community.

"Just making music is a wonderful thing, and doing it with the community is like
nothing else," Jendro said.

Rex Burress was a in the Centennial Cultural Center Thursday listening to
fiddlers play.

Burress has been supporting the fiddlers since he retired and moved to Oroville
in 1993.

"I like the old music," Burress said. "It has poetry to it, and the competition
is held on the Feather River, and I also love rivers."

A naturalist, photographer and artist, Burress writes the Mercury-Register
column The River Watcher.

Past district president and state director Bob Hedrick also came to support the
fiddlers Tuesday and give out information.

Hedrick said Floyd Chilton helped start the fiddle association in Oroville in
1974, along with Ben Chapman.

Hedrick spearheaded an effort to bring the state competition back to Oroville
around 1993.

Hedrick retired a couple of years ago but said he can't give it up after being
involved for 19 years. He said high gas prices and the rain could impact
attendance, but people will still come.

"People who have it in here," Hedrick said, pointing to his heart   "The old
time fiddlers' family will be here."

Thursday night country gospel groups played at the auditorium for Gospel Night.

Long-time restaurateur Bonnie Lombardi and volunteers have a kitchen inside the
auditorium as fundraiser for the Feather River Senior Center Association.

High school students are helping in the kitchen.

The kitchen will sell Hebrew hot dogs, hamburgers, cheeseburgers and chili dogs
topped with Lombardi's special homemade chili. Coffee, pastries, pie, and other
beverages will be available.

Saturday, the event runs from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. with youth, young adult and
adult competitions.

Hedrick said younger people have been changing the style of music, and some old
timers don't like that. But he welcomes the change.

"We had our time," Hedrick said. "Now put the young people on the top, and let
them have their time."

The event ends with a California State and Old Time Fiddlers Association officer
and board meeting at 8 a.m. Sunday.

Staff writer Mary Weston can be reached at 533-4415 or mweston@orovillemr.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A group participates in a jam session at the Centennial Cultural Center
on Thursday in Oroville as they prepare for the 46th yearly California State Old
Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championships this weekend. (Bill Husa/Staff Photo)

Joe Hunsinder (right), president of the District 8, Old Time Fiddlers of Ventura
County, takes part with others in a jam session on Thursday at the Centennial
Cultural Center in Oroville as they prepare for the 46th yearly California State
Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championships this weekend. (Bill Husa/Staff
Photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            August 18, 2005 Thursday

Dulcimer Daze held at MHCA

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 498 words

DATELINE: WILMINGTON


On Saturday, Aug. 20, at 8 p.m., Memorial Hall Center for the Arts will present
August Dulcimer Daze, a unique evening in celebration of this traditional folk
instrument, with The Margaret MacArthur Family, Heidi Muller, Don Pedi and Gail
Rundlett.

The MacArthur Family --Margaret, Gary, Dan and Megan, of Marlboro, are well
known throughout the Northeast. Their concerts are musical explorations of rural
life, adding contemporary compositions to traditional songs. Their rich vocal
harmonies are complemented by sensitive accompaniments on Dan's guitar, Gary's
fiddle or homemade mandolin, Megan's acoustic bass and Margaret's dulcimer or
harp zither. They can be heard on their many recordings, such as "Vermont
Ballads and Broadsides" and "MacArthur Road." Margaret MacArthur can also be
heard on "Masters of the Mountain Dulcimer."

Muller is an award-winning songwriter, guitarist and dulcimer player. In her 25
years of performing, she has performed in venues from concert halls to
festivals, taught dulcimer and produced five recordings. She is known for her
crystalline alto voice, insightful lyrics, spirited dulcimer playing and her
natural ability to connect warmly with her audiences.

Muller has also published two books, "So Sang the River -- Songs of Bill Stains,
Vol. 1" and "Dance with Orion."

Pedi began playing the dulcimer in 1968. Enamored with old-time fiddle music
that can be heard in rich doses in southern Appalachia, he embarked on the long
process of reproducing the mountain fiddle sound on the dulcimer. His music
includes playing fiddle tunes up to speed, including all the notes, with a
fiddle shuffle feel and the dynamics of the best fiddlers.

Pedi has won more than 30 first-place trophies and awards, has appeared three
times on TNN's "Fire on the Mountain" and on CBS' "This Morning." He has played
dulcimer in "The Journey of August King" and "Songcatcher."

Rundlett is one of the real treasures of Boston's folk community. Blessed with a
voice that exhibits purity, honesty and heart-touching soul, she is an endearing
and entertaining performer. She plays both guitar and mountain dulcimer and
draws her repertoire from traditional and contemporary sources. Her warm
presence erases boundaries between performer and audience.

A Boston Globe writer has described her as "one of the best ballad singers I've
heard."

Rundlett has performed and taught dulcimer since the early '80s. She has three
recordings, "Just in Time," "Farther Along" and "Full Circle."

For ticket prices and reservations, call the MHCA box office at 802-464-8411.
There are a limited number of free seats available for students of high school
age and younger, subject to restrictions. These seats must be reserved.

There is a companion weekend workshop available to hewn your skills on the
dulcimer, whether a novice or more advanced. Call Folk Craft Music at [802]
368-7437] for more information. Memorial Hall Center for the Arts is at 14 West
Main St.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 3, 2015 Thursday

State brief

BYLINE: From Staff Reports

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 300 words


STATEWIDEBlood drive is planned FridayA&nbsp;tailgate party will greet blood
donors at all Oklahoma Blood Institute centers on Friday. &nbsp;From 9 a.m. to 4
p.m., donors get their choice of Oklahoma State University orange or University
of Oklahoma crimson game-day T-shirts.&nbsp;The Oklahoma Beef Council will
provide hot dogs as it teams with OBI to 'beef up' the blood supply for the
Labor Day weekend.&nbsp; Donors will be entered in a contest to win two tickets
to the 2015 Bedlam football game on Nov. 28.The OBI has centers at 901 N Lincoln
Blvd., 5105 N Portland &nbsp;Ave., 3409 S Broadway, Suite 300, in Edmond; and
1004 24th Ave. NW, Suite 101, in Norman.&nbsp;OBI provides blood for all
metro-Oklahoma City hospitals and medical facilities across the state. For
location information or to schedule an appointment, visit www.obi.org or call
(877) 340-8777.FROM STAFF REPORTS

GROVEFiddle camp is plannedFiddling and food are on tap at Grand Lake over the
Labor Day weekend. The Jana Jae Fiddle Camp will be Friday through Sunday at
Snider's Campground, south of Grove.Visitors are encouraged to bring lawn
chairs.Barbecue will be served on Friday and fried fish on Saturday for
$8.Entertainment includes the Osage Stomp String Band, Cowboy Jim Garling and
Jae, followed by a jam session.The Amateur Fiddle Contest is scheduled for
Saturday, registration is $5 with cash awards going to the top three winners in
six divisions. Daytime fiddle workshops will be held at the Grove Civic Center
on Saturday and Sunday from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.&nbsp; All participants will be
featured in the Fiddle Camp finale at 3 p.m. Sunday at the Civic Center.&nbsp;
Admission is free.For more information or to register for the workshops go to
www.grandlakefestivals.com or call (918) 786-8896.FROM STAFF REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            April 24, 2013 Wednesday

Craft distillery plans opening in Lake Zurich as early as September

BYLINE: By Bob Susnjara bsusnjara@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 344 words


Now that village board approval is in hand, two men hope they can open a craft
distillery sometime in the fall in Lake Zurich.

Copper Fiddle Distillery co-owner Jose Hernandez of Hawthorn Woods said the
focus will be on six products, including a London-style dry gin and a
limoncello.

Copper Fiddle still must clear federal and state hurdles, plus receive a village
liquor license, before it can open.

If all goes well, Hernandez said, the small-scale Copper Fiddle will open at the
earliest in September in a 2,100-square-foot storefront on Route 22. Copper
Fiddle's timeline to open likely will make it just the 10th or so craft
distillery in Illinois, he said.

"The interesting thing about craft distilling is you're constantly
experimenting," Hernandez said Tuesday.

Bourbon, rye, gin, whiskey and other distilled spirits will be available at
Copper Fiddle, which plans tours and tastings.

Hernandez said limoncello -- a lemon liqueur rooted in Amalfi, Italy -- will be
among the featured offerings.

"We're going to call it Lemon Fiddle, which is a play on words," he said.

He said a clear gin product of 85 proof to 90 proof will be a London-style dry.
Limited release products are expected to include a honey whiskey that's 75 proof
to 80 proof.

Illinois law limits the production of distilled spirits to 15,000 gallons per
year, and only what is produced on site can be sold there. Hernandez, co-owner
Fred Robinson of Hawthorn Woods and five part-time employees are projected to be
the workforce at Copper Fiddle when it opens.

Copper Fiddle will join North Shore Distillery on North Herky Drive near Lake
Bluff has the second such operation in Lake County. Hernandez said Libertyville,
Volo, Wauconda, Island Lake, Barrington and Long Grove were among the villages
under consideration before Copper Fiddle's partnership pursued the Lake Zurich
building.

Lake Zurich officials have said it would be desirable for a microbrewery to
locate near Copper Fiddle Distillery. The village trustees earlier this month
voted 5-0 in favor of a special-use permit for Copper Fiddle..

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                           December 13, 2007 Thursday

NIGHT OF IRISH MUSIC;
SESSION PLANNED AS AN INFORMAL COMMUNAL GATHERING

BYLINE: DEONNE KAHLER

SECTION: TEMPO; Pg. TE-10

LENGTH: 517 words


By Deonne Kahler

Fans of traditional Irish music will be happy to know that opportunities to hear
it in Taos have just expanded. Roger Landes, ZoukFest founder and world music
enthusiast, is hosting a new regular event at Earth Garden Teahouse, and the
next one happens Wednesday (Dec. 19).

The event is called a seisiún (pronounced "sheh-SHOON" - commonly known as a
"session"), an informal, communal sharing of traditional Irish dance music,
including jigs, reels, hornpipes, slides, marches, mazurkas and waltzes. Landes
said it has its origin in the Irish house session, but was developed into its
current form among Irish immigrant communities in London pubs in the early 20th
century. It has since become the main outlet for this kind of music around the
world.

Sessions aren't performances, since they're really for the benefit of the
players, but listeners certainly get a lot out of the events as well. To
participate, a player needs to know a core repertoire of dance tunes and be able
to play them in the traditional Irish style. Instruments commonly featured are
fiddle, flute, tin whistle, concertina, button accordion, tenor banjo, mandolin,
bouzouki, guitar, and bodhran (Irish frame drum).

Landes said, "Moving to New Mexico in '99 was a bit like moving to an Irish
music wasteland." He played in Santa Fe and Albuquerque before attempting to
host a regular session in Taos in 2000, though it folded due to lack of
participation. Flute and tin whistle player Chris Knox and fiddle player Jamie
Wells approached Landes in 2005 about giving it another go, and along with
whistle player Richard McCracken and fiddle player Tim Hasson, they began
playing together regularly at the now defunct Western Sky Café. They then moved
to Eske's Brew Pub, where they've been ever since. (The next session at Eske's
happens Jan. 9.)

Those five players still attend the sessions today, as well as frequent
participant Peggy Nelson, who plays fiddle. Landes said, "At first I anchored
the session and taught a lot of the tunes, but it didn't take those folks long
to be able to sustain the session when I was out of town, and now I'm learning
tunes that they bring to the table."

Landes continued, "It's great to have a local session here, one that plays at a
level that you almost never encounter in such a small town as Taos. Though I
lead the session it's not really about me or my music -- it's about the Irish
music community that has been developing here over the last several years."

Wells (one third of the trio Return of the Snakes) said, "The sessions are a
great place to play tunes with friends, learn new ones, and otherwise just have
a great time playing music. There's no pressure to perform; we chat and tell
jokes and stories, and try to string a lot of tunes together to make a long run
of it." Come out and support this welcome addition to Taos's music scene.

Music starts at 7 p.m. There's no cover charge.

Earth Garden Teahouse is located at 101 Camino de la Placitas. Call (575)
758-4301. For more information, call Landes at (575) 751-3512 or visit online
pweb.jps.net/~jgilder/seisiun.html.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            November 17, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

With CD on hold, Celtic duo to perform at Duke

BYLINE: Dawn Baumgartner Vaughan dvaughan@heraldsun.com; 419-6563

SECTION: TRIANGLE LIVE; Pg. D11

LENGTH: 699  words


The last time Celtic musicians Jamie Laval and Ashley Broder were in Durham,
they had just finished an intense time in the Virginia mountains working on
their first collaborative CD. That was February. They return to the same
performance space, Kirby Horton Hall at Duke University, for a concert Saturday
night.

That CD they worked so hard on has been on hold while violinist Laval and
mandolin player Broder continued to bring their roots-based progressive acoustic
string music to audiences throughout the U.S. and Scotland.

After this weekend's performance, though, it's back to the CD.

"We had to force ourselves to slow down to finish it," said Laval last week by
phone from Berkeley, Calif., a stop on the current tour. So they plan to finish
it in four weeks, maybe ready for release in time to put in stockings, Laval
said.

Laval and Broder -- who have been a professional and personal duo for the past
year -- will take their break at their new home in Asheville. They bought a
house there just a few weeks ago and have only spent a few nights there. Neither
lived in North Carolina before, but became familiar with the state while
touring. Asheville has been a destination for gigs to accompany contra dance
events.

Laval said the first time he was there for a contra dance concert, there were
600 people dancing to the music. Asheville is home to plenty of folks who enjoy
Laval and Broder's style of music. Laval also plays the fiddle, and Broder also
plays the violin and cello. After asking around and hearing several suggestions
to choose Asheville as a home base, they did. Most of their time is spent on the
road, though. Performing isn't just a career choice, Laval said: It is built
into his genetic code.

"At this stage, it's such a foregone conclusion, that even if there were
financial ruin, somehow the performing would have to continue," he said.

Laval probably doesn't have to worry about that. He won the U.S. National
Scottish Fiddle Championship in 2002. Before joining with Broder, he performed
as both a solo fiddler and professional symphony violinist. The two met at the
National Old Time Fiddle contest in Weiser, Idaho.

Broder became a violin and mandolin player before she even hit double digits. An
elementary school music demonstration inspired her to learn. In her early teens,
she competed in local Camarillo, Calif., fiddle and mandolin competitions as
well as at the state and national levels. She won the Western Open Master Picker
Championship in 2003 and 2004. By the time she was 15, she performed with a
country rock band. Broder went on to study cello and violin at Moorpark College
in Ventura County. She describes her music with Laval as traditional Scottish,
Irish, Bretagne and bluegrass music with innovative hints of classical
refinement and ethnic music from around the world.

Laval's musical interest was also sparked in his youth. Growing up in Washington
state, he mowed lawns and delivered newspapers to fund the purchase of his first
musical instrument, a clarinet. He tried guitar and French horn before violin
caught and kept his attention. He said he buckled down at age 16, practicing
four to six hours a day to "make up for lost time." He left home his last year
of high school to attend the Victoria Conservatory of Music in British Columbia,
Canada.

The rhythm, bagpipes and forlorn emotion of traditional Celtic music appeal to
Laval. The music of a historically downtrodden and struggling people projects a
bleak sound into the music, he said. "It is inherently melancholy, even with a
fast tempo. It's dancing in spite of their pain," he said.

Even with the success of Laval and Broder together and apart, they are still
self-represented, with no frills and no management, Laval said. Touring involves
some sleeping on couches, but it also means seeing new places and "interfacing
with remarkable cool people," he said.

Plus, on stage, audience feedback is intoxicating.

"Inspiration comes from rehearsal at home, then is reproduced on stage," Laval
said. Sometimes, though, that homegrown inspiration begins to sizzle. "When it's
a really responsive audience, there's no missing it. You want to pour out more
of your own soul for them."

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jamie Laval and Ashley Broder will perform at Duke University on
Saturday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Durham Herald Co.


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             June 12, 2007 Tuesday

York businesses hope Revolution fans spread their money around

BYLINE: CHARLES SCHILLINGER The York Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 493 words


There's one major piece missing from Sovereign Bank Stadium that local
businesses are hoping to see soon -- the fans.

It is still not clear among businesses how many more customers the downtown
stadium will draw in, but all agreed it will mean more feet on the sidewalks of
the city.

And that's something to look forward to.

"People will be coming in and seeing the downtown is a beautiful and safe place
to be," said Harp & Fiddle Irish Pub general manager Tony O'Connor. "And maybe
the next time they go out for dinner, they'll choose downtown rather than
elsewhere."

Places like the Harp & Fiddle on North George Street and Cobblestones Restaurant
and Sports Emporium on South George Street are taking measures to draw in
baseball fans.

The Harp & Fiddle has added the Revolution's logo to its uniforms and beefed up
its summer menu, adding mini-pizzas and "riblets" -- small barbecued ribs.

Cobblestones is running promotions such as "Players Night Out" for fans to meet
the Revolution players. The next night out is July 25.

"For a lot of people that haven't been downtown for a while, this is really an
opportunity for them to see the improvements," said Cobble-
stones owner Vernon Shire. "I just think this is going to be real good for
downtown business."

More hours, staff: Others hope to add to their business with extended hours and
staff.

The Subway on North George Street, which normally closes earlier in the evening,
will stay open late at least for the first few home game nights, said manager
Regina Crew.

"We thought we'd give it a trial run, see what kind of business it does bring
in," she said. "Gloria's Grocery and Lottery sits at the opposite corner from
the new stadium. Store manager Bob Feiler said the business will stay open after
games finish at the stadium, but he's not sure if it will see more business.

"I guess we'll know soon enough," he said.

Central Family Restaurant sits just north of the stadium, and owner Karl
Spangler said it will add staff on game nights. And he said he's also talked to
staff about staying open late if games go longer than expected.

Business already up: Central Family has already seen a boost in business from
the stadium, Spangler said.

"It's kind of funny, but many, many dozens of people are coming down to look at
the stadium, and then they're coming in here to eat and talking about it," he
said. "If game nights are better than what we've already seen, we're going to be
real happy."

Even Damon's Grill, located outside the city on Route 30, is planning to
increase its staff on game days in case the restaurant sees additional
customers.

General manager Larry Briggs said he thinks downtown businesses will thrive
prior to the game -- but afterward people might also hit restaurants throughout
the area on their way home.

"The distance will be a factor, but, being a sports bar, I think some might
migrate toward us," Briggs said.

-- Reach Charles Schil linger at 505-5431 or cschillinger@yorkdispatch.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Harp & Fiddle Irish Pub and Restaurant server Cassandra Heller sports a
York Revolution jersey while working last week. The jerseys have become the new
uniform for the wait staff at the downtown York pub. (Bill Kalina photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             May 14, 2009 Thursday

Ned Landry relishes his new title

BYLINE: GERRY TAYLOR DOWNHOME MUSIC

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 1207  words


Some of the most exciting events in New Brunswick's long romance with the fiddle
are taking place this summer.

And this past weekend, folks who flocked to Harvey saw the kickoff: the 100th
anniversary of Don Messer's birth on May 9, 1909, in the nearby village of
Tweedside. That event was the first of several celebrating Messer's life and the
integral part he played in popularizing the down-east style of fiddle music
through his network radio and television shows, Canada-wide summer tours and
forays into the U.S. as early as the 1930s.

And last Sunday at St. Thomas University in Fredericton, three-time North
American fiddle champion Ned Landry, who began his long career with Don Messer's
New Brunswick Lumberjacks in 1934, received an honorary doctorate from St.
Thomas University at its 99th convocation. Ned, born Frederick Lawrence Landry
on Feb. 2, 1921, in Saint John, is a recipient of the Order of Canada. He has
also been honoured with lifetime achievement awards from the East Coast Music
Awards and the Canadian Grand Masters Fiddling Championships, which named a
trophy after him. He is an inductee of the North American Fiddling Hall of Fame,
the New Brunswick Country Music Hall of Fame and the Nova Scotia Country Music
Hall Of Fame. A biography about him, Master Of The Fiddle, was published as well
as many magazine and newspaper articles. Last year, tunes he composed were the
subject of a study at fiddle camps throughout Maine.

Ned credits his wife Mildred, who recently suffered a critical heart attack, for
providing the spark that led to his St. Thomas University doctorate. At a
Miramichi concert last summer Mildred, seated in the audience beside Professor
Shanahan, told him of Ned's many accomplishments and his significant
contributions to the world of music. She noted that Ned's cousin Tom Connors -
Stompin' Tom - had received two honorary doctorates, the first one from St.
Thomas in 1993. Ned said at the reception held at the university that although
he's an 88-year-old veteran of the Second World War with only a Grade 5
education, he is now a doctor - at least an honorary one. That statement and his
performance of a tune he recently composed, the STU (St. Thomas University)
Special, drew applause from the distinguished audience.

ATLANTIC fiddly GATEWAY CHAMPIONSHIPS

The first of two important fiddling events, the Atlantic Gateway Fiddle
Championships, takes place Saturday, May 30, and Sunday, May 31. In spite of
some of the richest cash prizes and trophies ever offered at a New Brunswick
fiddling contest, and the promise of an international audience descending on St.
Stephen, organizers are still seeking more contestants to register.

The two classes, an open and an under 13, will see fiddlers from both sides of
the border compete for $2,700 in cash prizes and trophies awarded the top five
in each. These competitions and three special concerts take place at St. Stephen
Middle School. Registration has been extended to May 18 to allow more fiddlers
to swell the ranks. For information on entering or to purchase passes and
tickets, visit www.chocolatetown.ca, call 466-7737 or write to Atlantic Gateway
Fiddling Championships, PO Box 361, St. Stephen, NB, E3L 2X3.

The idea for Atlantic Gateway came last fall during consultations between the St
Stephen-Milltown Kiwanis Club and Development St. Stephen on how to attract more
visitors and tourists to St. Stephen because the third border bridge would
bypass the town's downtown core. While great for reducing traffic and exhaust
fumes from summer's border-crossing congestion, it also meant a major loss of
dollars to St. Stephen and Calais businesses. Kiwanis member Duncan McGeachy,
who worked hard to make the fiddle project a reality, says this is only one of
several tourist draws they hope to have in place.

As for scheduling, on Saturday, May 30, the under 13 class competes from 9 a. m.
to noon and the open class 1 to 2:30 p.m., 4 to 5 p.m. and 6 to 8 p.m. On
Sunday, May 31, the top five finalists of each class will fiddle off from 1 to 2
p.m. In between there will be three special fiddle concerts featuring fiddling
greats from both sides of the border.

On Saturday at 2:30 p.m., Veterans Affairs Minister Greg Thompson will open a
Cross Border Extravaganza Concert to honour Iraq and Afghanistan veterans from
both sides of the border. Ned Landry, a Second World War veteran, will play a
medley of tunes. Then many other music stars will take the stage for the
international concert.

Saturday at 8 p.m., a Don Messer Memories Super Fiddle Show features Ned, the
Queen of the Down East Fiddlers Matilda Murdock, and such guests as Harold
Cleghorn, Maine's George Fowler and others. As well as playing tunes made famous
by Don, they will take a nostalgic look at the entire Messer era.

This first Atlantic Gateway event will finish with a Tribute to Ned Landry,
Sunday, May 31, an event organized by his grandson Terry Landry, Terry's own
famous son and daughter, Alexander and Allison, and other members of the musical
Landry family will perform during it.

N.B. OLD TYME FIDDLE CONCERT

The second big fiddling event of 2009, the 12th Annual New Brunswick Old Tyme
Fiddle Orchestra Concert, takes place June 6, 7 p.m., at Saint John's Imperial
Theatre. This concert, as in the past 11 years, will feature more than 100
fiddlers on one stage - fiddlers from Perth/Andover, the Miramichi, Moncton,
Fredericton, Sussex, St. Stephen, Hampton and Saint John, along with some fancy
fast-stepping dancers, cloggers and singers. Tickets are $12 at the Imperial's
box office or by calling 674-4100 or 1-800-323-7469.

SAINT JOHN FIDDLING TOMORROW

A fundraising concert Friday, 7:30 p.m., at St. Ann's Catholic Church, 135
Simpson Dr., Saint John features the Park Ave Fiddlers. Bring your dancing shoes
because there is lots of floor space to kick up your heels. Free tea, coffee and
doughnuts will be served at intermission. Proceeds go to the church's building
fund.

SUSSEX CRAWFORD BROS. SATURDAY.

A feature of the 2009 Antique Power Show Saturday, 7 to 9 p.m. at the 8th
Hussars Sports Centre in Sussex, is the laughs, comedy and songs of Winston
Crawford and the Crawford Brothers (Bobby, Frank and Richard), New Brunswick's
most popular comedic fiddle-driven band. Their special guest will be Sarah
Hayes. Everyone is welcome.

MONCTON KITCHEN SATURDAY

A Kitchen Party Saturday, 7 p.m., at St. John The Baptist at the Anglican Church
Hall, 28 Woolridge St., Riverview, features the great Sussex Avenue Fiddlers,
talented parishioners and guests. Admission is $5. Proceeds go to the Youth
Choir School. For details, call Bev at 386-3523.

HAMPTON UNITED SATURDAY

A Marie Short Country/Variety Concert Saturday, 7 p.m., at the United Church,
Robb Court, Hampton, features country singer Herb Isbill, accordionist Donna
Stephenson, country folk singer Stirling Nickerson, steel player Sam Aucoin,
drummer Tim Wallace, Denny James and host vocalist Marie Short. Guests include
Fiddlin' Matt Hayes, Dwight Bond, Betty Ann Cordly, Merab Klein, Pam Kelliher
and the Aussi-Scotts Duo (Sue King and Wendy Stewart). Admission is $10.
Proceeds are for the church's organ fund.

Gerry Taylor www.gerrytaylor.ca has covered folk and country music for over 30
years.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                           February 19, 2009 Thursday
                               STATEWIDE EDITION

THE POWER OF AN IDEA;
OUR VIEW;
MUSIC AND HOUSING * LEMAY AND FULLER SHOWED HOW INDIVIDUALS MAKE A DIFFERENCE

SECTION: CTOPINION; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 222 words


Never doubt the power of a good idea in the hands of someone with the energy and
talent to execute it. Two men who recently left us prove the point.

On the local level, Paul LeMay took the unlikely idea of a fiddle contest and
turned it into a major summer event in Hartford. Mr. LeMay started the New
England Fiddle Contest in 1974, in a fecund period of unconventional art in
Hartford. Mr. LeMay's red caboose bus, emblem of his nonprofit Peace Train
Foundation, could be seen all over the city. The fiddle contest drew tens of
thousands of fans from all over to Bushnell Park and later, Colt Park.

On the national scene, Millard Fuller left a successful business career to
devote himself to the poor. He used donated money, materials and labor to build
homes for low-income people. He required that the prospective homeowners
participate in the construction, with what he called "sweat equity."

The organization, of course, is Habitat for Humanity. The homes built by Habitat
are in 100 countries and house more than a million people, including many in
Greater Hartford. Mr. Fuller's idea led to one of the most effective social
action movements in the world.

Mr. LeMay died Jan. 30 at the age of 65; Mr. Fuller died Feb. 3 at 74. Both will
be missed.

What's your take? Share it with a Letter to the Editor:
www.courant.com/writeletter

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 17, 2008 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Fiddler's band to close out concert series

SECTION: MY METRO II; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 286 words

DATELINE: NORMAN


NORMAN - The Performing Arts Studio will close its eighth Summer Breeze Concert
Series season Sunday with a performance by the Byron Berline Band at 7:30 p.m.
at the Andrews Park amphitheater, 201 W Daws St. The final concert with Byron
Berline has become a tradition, as the band has closed every year since the
series began in 2001, Performing Arts Studio executive director Nancy McClellan
said.

"It is always a pleasure to have Mr. Berline and his band back in Norman,"
Steven White, concert series chairman, said. "He is truly a living legend in the
world of music, and we are very fortunate to have him as our final performer of
the Summer Breeze season."

A three-time national fiddle champion, Berline runs the Double Stop Fiddle Shop
in Guthrie. Joining him on stage will be John Hickman on banjo, Jim Fish on
guitar, Greg Burgess on guitar and fiddle, Richard Sharp on bass and Steve Short
on drums.

Hickman is regarded as one of the great masters of the banjo. His work can be
found on major studio sessions and soundtracks. Fish began his career playing a
washboard in a jug band in the early 1960s then switched to guitar.

Burgess has been playing guitar and fiddle for more than 30 years. He was won
the Oklahoma State Fiddle Championship numerous times and has ranked in the top
10 at many national fiddle contests. He is included in the folk life section of
the Oklahoma History Center.

Sharp and Short have been part of many recording sessions and shared the stage
with several well-known acts.

For more information about the Byron Berline Band, go to
www.doublestop.com/bbbandbio.html.

For more information, about the Summer Breeze series or other  events, call
307-9320 or go to  www.thepas.org.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Byron Berline Band performs during the 2007 Oklahoma Centennial
Parade. - OKLAHOMAN ARCHIVE PHOTO BY STEVE SISNEY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              June 29, 2008 Sunday

C I T Y F O L K

BYLINE: By Carol Simmons Staff Writer

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. G14

LENGTH: 337 words


About 20 performing acts are scheduled to participate in this year's free
Cityfolk Festival - taking place Thursday, July 3, through Saturday, July 5, at
RiverScape MetroPark in downtown Dayton. The musical styles and genres range
from the classic country of Marty Stuart to the Latin jazz of Poncho Sanchez -
headliners Friday and Saturday night, respectively. In between, there's
bluegrass and Celtic, zydeco and Hawaiian, gospel and world fusion. Here's a
listing of acts, with a brief description for each.

Ricky Nye

Genre: Blues, boogie-woogie and New Orleans-style piano.

Bio: Based in his native Cincinnati, Nye spent three years working with blues
guitarist Big Ed Thompson and has recorded with the likes of James Harman,
Junior Watson and Darrell Nulisch.

Nation Beat (right)

Genre: World fusion.

Bio: This Brooklyn combo features founder Scott Kettner (drums and percussion),
Sky Steele (violin and "rabeca," a Brazilian folk fiddle), Raphael McGregor
(guitar and lap steel), Eduardo Guedes (percussion) and Liliana Araujo (lead
vocals and percussion).

Marty Stuart and his Fabulous Superlatives

Genre: Traditional country.

Bio: A member of the Grand Ole Opry, a four-time Grammy winner and the
unofficial ambassador for traditional country music.

Les Chauffeurs a Pieds

Genre: Quebecois Celtic.

Bio: This combo out of Quebec City - Antoine Gauthier (fiddle, mandolin, banjo),
Benoit Fortier (recorder, harmonic, feet) and Olivier Soucy (guitar, banjo,
fiddle) - has recorded five albums since 1999.

Son del Caribe

Genre: Latin dance band.

Bio: This Latin music ensemble out of Cincinnati produces an eclectic
pan-Caribbean, pan-American sound the includes traditional salsa, merengue,
cumbia, son, bomba, plenas and bacheta styles with newer musical hybrids like
reggaeton.

Honolulu Hotshots with Leilani

Genre: Hawaiian.

Bio: This trio of Hawaiian steel guitarists features Bobby Ingano, making his
third festival appearance; Jeff Au Hoy; and Derrick Mau. Ingano specializes in
"nahenahe," the islands' sweet steel guitar style.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ruthie Foster Genre: American roots singer, songwriter and guitarist.
Bio: Texas-based Foster, who has five albums to her credit, blends blues, folk
and gospel with a little soul, jazz and R&B for good measure.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 12, 2015 Sunday

Bangor bluegrass busker hitting the road to perfect craft

BYLINE: Judy Harrison BDN Staff

LENGTH: 570 words


I'm headed back to see my baby


I'm goin' home no more to roam


I'm travelin' on to the one I love


I'm goin' back to the place that I call home


Although Max Silverstein wrote those lyrics and the bluegrass music that goes
with them, the 18-year-old Bangor High School grad is headed far from home to
perfect his passion.


He will be a freshman this fall at East Tennessee State University in Johnson
City, population about 62,000, near the Virginia border. Max will study in the
Department of Bluegrass, Old Time and Country Music.


"ETSU has the only bluegrass program in the country," Max said Sunday. "The
faculty is great at teaching you how to become a professional touring musician."


And that is what Max wants to do -- travel around the country and the world
playing in a bluegrass band.


He's well known close to home. For the past few years, he's been part of the
trio Maximum Blue that plays one Sunday a month at Paddy Murphy's Pub in
downtown Bangor.


He already has done some touring -- performing at bluegrass festivals throughout
the state. In May, he performed in Holland and Ireland with an Irish bluegrass
band.


On Thursday, he will head to the Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival in Oak Hill, New
York, about 35 miles southeast of Albany, to accept a scholarship totalling at
least $3,500. The amount could increase depending on donations made during the
festival.


Max also will perform at the event.


ETSU awarded Max a public performance scholarship that will allow him to attend
the school at in-state instead of out-of-state tuition rate, according his
father Jeffrey Silverstein, a criminal defense attorney in Bangor. Without the
scholarship, it would cost Max almost twice as much to attend the university.


To win the scholarship, Max had to audition a year ago for Daniel Boner, the
director of the program.


"I like bluegrass music because every song tells a different story," Max said on
Sunday. "It's very challenging to get the right bluegrass sound on the fiddle."


Max said he started playing classical music on the violin but fell in love with
bluegrass music after his father, who plays the guitar and fiddle, took him to a
music camp in Maine.


Jeffrey Silverstein tells a slightly different version of the story.


"I kind of pushed him into this in first grade," the elder Silverstein said in
October 2013, as Maximum Blue was about to release a new CD. "He wasn't psyched
on it. I said, 'This is the way it is in the Silverstein family. We all play a
musical instrument.' Within a year or two, he started doing pretty well at the
fiddle side of things.


"He continued to progress, so when he was about 10, I took him to the Maine
Fiddle Camp kicking and screaming, figuratively," he said. "When we got there,
he said, 'I'm here now but I'm not coming back.' The next day, he was having a
blast. From that point on, he's never looked back."


Max is looking ahead. In May, he released his first solo CD called "Traveling
On." He composed four of the five songs on the album, and he plays guitar and
mandolin in addition to the fiddle.


One place he will not be playing this summer is at the American Folk Festival,
scheduled for Aug. 28 to 30 on the Bangor Waterfront. In years past, Max and his
father have played on the sidewalk at the event.


Max must be at ETSU for orientation Aug. 20. If he isn't touring, Max could be
available during semester break to perform with his Dad on New Year's Eve, as
they've done in recent years.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 12, 2015 Sunday

Bangor bluegrass busker hitting the road to perfect craft

BYLINE: Judy Harrison BDN Staff

LENGTH: 570 words


I'm headed back to see my baby


I'm goin' home no more to roam


I'm travelin' on to the one I love


I'm goin' back to the place that I call home


Although Max Silverstein wrote those lyrics and the bluegrass music that goes
with them, the 18-year-old Bangor High School grad is headed far from home to
perfect his passion.


He will be a freshman this fall at East Tennessee State University in Johnson
City, population about 62,000, near the Virginia border. Max will study in the
Department of Bluegrass, Old Time and Country Music.


"ETSU has the only bluegrass program in the country," Max said Sunday. "The
faculty is great at teaching you how to become a professional touring musician."


And that is what Max wants to do -- travel around the country and the world
playing in a bluegrass band.


He's well known close to home. For the past few years, he's been part of the
trio Maximum Blue that plays one Sunday a month at Paddy Murphy's Pub in
downtown Bangor.


He already has done some touring -- performing at bluegrass festivals throughout
the state. In May, he performed in Holland and Ireland with an Irish bluegrass
band.


On Thursday, he will head to the Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival in Oak Hill, New
York, about 35 miles southeast of Albany, to accept a scholarship totalling at
least $3,500. The amount could increase depending on donations made during the
festival.


Max also will perform at the event.


ETSU awarded Max a public performance scholarship that will allow him to attend
the school at in-state instead of out-of-state tuition rate, according his
father Jeffrey Silverstein, a criminal defense attorney in Bangor. Without the
scholarship, it would cost Max almost twice as much to attend the university.


To win the scholarship, Max had to audition a year ago for Daniel Boner, the
director of the program.


"I like bluegrass music because every song tells a different story," Max said on
Sunday. "It's very challenging to get the right bluegrass sound on the fiddle."


Max said he started playing classical music on the violin but fell in love with
bluegrass music after his father, who plays the guitar and fiddle, took him to a
music camp in Maine.


Jeffrey Silverstein tells a slightly different version of the story.


"I kind of pushed him into this in first grade," the elder Silverstein said in
October 2013, as Maximum Blue was about to release a new CD. "He wasn't psyched
on it. I said, 'This is the way it is in the Silverstein family. We all play a
musical instrument.' Within a year or two, he started doing pretty well at the
fiddle side of things.


"He continued to progress, so when he was about 10, I took him to the Maine
Fiddle Camp kicking and screaming, figuratively," he said. "When we got there,
he said, 'I'm here now but I'm not coming back.' The next day, he was having a
blast. From that point on, he's never looked back."


Max is looking ahead. In May, he released his first solo CD called "Traveling
On." He composed four of the five songs on the album, and he plays guitar and
mandolin in addition to the fiddle.


One place he will not be playing this summer is at the American Folk Festival,
scheduled for Aug. 28 to 30 on the Bangor Waterfront. In years past, Max and his
father have played on the sidewalk at the event.


Max must be at ETSU for orientation Aug. 20. If he isn't touring, Max could be
available during semester break to perform with his Dad on New Year's Eve, as
they've done in recent years.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            August 21, 2011, Sunday

Appalachian String Band festival announces winners

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P2F

LENGTH: 517 words


CLIFFTOP - More than 2,800 people from 45 states and seven countries attended
the Appalachian String Band Music Festival at Camp Washington-Carver, at
Clifftop, Fayette County.

The contest winners at the five-day event, which ended Aug. 7, were:

Banjo: First place ($400), Walt Koken, Avondale, Pa.; second place ($200), Frank
Evans, Toronto; third place ($150), Bob Smakula, Elkins; fourth place ($100),
Rick Good, Spring Valley, Ohio; fifth place ($50), Luke Richardson,
Lawrenceburg, Tenn.

Youth banjo (15 and younger): First place ($100), Victor Furtado, Front Royal,
Va.; second place ($50), Matthew McShurley, Linden, Va.

Senior banjo (60 and older): First place ($200), Rick Good, Spring Valley, Ohio;
second place ($100), Walt Koken, Avondale, Pa.; third place ($50), Jimmy McCown,
Hardy, Ky.

Fiddle: First place ($400), John Showman, Toronto; second place ($200), Rafe
Stefanini, Elkins Park, Pa.; third place ($150), Polo Burguiere, Desaignes,
France; fourth place ($100), Genevieve Koester, Chicago; fifth place ($50),
Clelia Stefanini, Elkins Park, Pa.

Youth fiddle (15 and younger): First place ($100), Andrew Vogts, Chadds Ford,
Pa.; second place ($50), Roger Netherton, St. Louis; third place ($25), Tessa
Dillon, St. Albans.

Senior fiddle (60 and older): First place ($200), Walt Koken, Avondale, Pa.;
second place ($100), Jerry Correll, Elk Creek, Va.; third place ($50), Bill
Garbus, New Canaan, Conn.

Neo-traditional band: First place ($700), The Fish From Within, Lancaster, Pa.;
second place ($400), Westbound Rangers, Nashville, Tenn.; third place ($300),
Evil Diane, Oakland, Calif.; fourth place ($200), Jubal's Kin, Longwood, Fla.;
fifth place ($100), Festival Relations, Hurricane.

Youth neo-traditional band: ($300), Banana Express, Winchester, Va.

Best original song (ribbon and certificate awards): The Fish From Within,
Lancaster, Pa.

Best original tune (ribbon and certificate awards): The Goldie String Band,
Staunton, Va.

Traditional band: First place ($700), Ratchet Mountain Rock Farmers, Athens,
Ohio; second place ($400), Uncle Henry's Favorites, Crozet, Va.; third place
($300), Orpheus Supertones, Avondale, Pa.; fourth place ($200), Yeah Buddies,
Spring Valley, Ohio; fifth place ($100), Troublesome Creek String Band, Crozet,
Va.

Youth traditional band: ($300), Psycho Exploding Orangutans, Front Royal, Va.

Old-time flat-foot dance (15 and younger: First place ($75), Rebecca Molaro,
Asheville, N.C.; second place ($50), Jeffrey Amundsen, Longwood, Fla.; third
place ($25), Lulu Furtado, Front Royal, Va.

Old-time flat-foot dance (ages 16 to 40): First place ($75), Becky Hill, Elkins;
second place ($50), Josephine Stewart, Charlottesville, Va.; third place ($25),
Emily Pinkerton, Pittsburgh.

Old-time flat-foot dance (ages 41 to 59): First place ($75), Jay Bland,
Kennesaw, Ga.; second place ($50), Sharon Leahy, Spring Valley, Ohio; third
place ($25), Jan Scopel, Annapolis, Md.

Old-time flat-foot dance (ages 60 and older): First place ($75), Marilyn Branch,
Kalamazoo, Mich.; second place ($50), Maureen Terman, Morgantown; third place
($25), Jim O'Bermeyer, Crown Point, Ind.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 5, 2001 Monday

Bursting forth in a fiddling frenzy;
The Canadian group Barrage, being hailed;
as the next Riverdance, has taken the United States by storm;
and is setting its sights on London's West End

BYLINE: ALISON MAYES, Special to The Globe and Mail

SECTION: THE GLOBE REVIEW; Pg. R7

LENGTH: 1214 words

DATELINE: CALGARY


Barrage: It means a blitz or bombardment.

Safe in your bomb shelter, you may have missed the arrival of the Canadian
world-music fiddle group that goes by that noun. But the youthful troupe has
come blazing out of obscurity with a momentum that lives up to its name.

Like the blockbuster Riverdance, Calgary's Barrage has seen its dynamic concert
video reach millions of TV viewers as a pledge-drive special on the PBS network,
igniting a firestorm of popularity. The rest just might be history.

Barrage's new live extravaganza, A Violin Sings, A Fiddle Dances, had its world
premiere in Calgary on Saturday. The two-hour production, which surrounds
diverse styles of fiddle music with thunderous world-beat sound, fog effects,
boisterous choreography and rock-concert lighting, plays Vancouver tonight. The
group then heads south for the remainder of a two-month, 21-city tour, crossing
back into Canada for a March 17 appearance at Toronto's Hummingbird Centre.

Anticipation among U.S. Barrage fans is so great that the shows in Philadelphia,
Boston, San Francisco and Detroit are sold out, with tickets disappearing fast
in markets such as New York, Phoenix, Los Angeles and Washington.

"We've been wowin' people," says Dean Marshall, a folksy 35-year-old violin
teacher who is Barrage's composer/arranger/father figure. "We're just tryin' to
push the limits; push the boundaries of what people would think a violin and a
fiddle would be.

"I like to keep a level head about things. But, boy, were definitely makin' some
waves here, which is terribly exciting."

How big could Barrage get?

"We're aiming for the West End of London," declares John Crozman, another violin
educator who, along with Marshall and three other partners, hand-picked the
musicians in 1996-97 and orchestrated the group's rise.

Mary Alyce Buck, marketing director for Chicago-based Jam Theatricals, a
co-producer of the tour, believes that Barrage has the wow factor to make it to
Broadway. "I think this [show] could tour for five or 10 years," she says. "I
literally mean it when I say they could be the next Stomp or Riverdance. They
have that kind of energy; they have that kind of uniqueness and freshness."

Barrage is in such demand that a second troupe, known as the European cast, has
been hired in London.

The original 12-piece Canadian ensemble - seven top-flight violinists backed by
a drummer, percussionist, bassist, guitarist and keyboardist - has been
steadfastly paying its dues since it was assembled through auditions more than
four years ago. But the Canadian media have paid little attention, typically
assuming the group was either a cornball country band, or a Celtic act in the
Leahy mould.

In fact, the group's eclectic repertoire puts a contemporary spin on swing,
blues, country, klezmer, Celtic, Slavic, East Indian and other styles. And the
fiddlers are versatile: They sing, play tin whistles and mandolins, and kick up
their heels in surprising dance moves, made possible because their fiddles are
equipped with state-of-the-art wireless pickups.

Barrage's bread and butter has been regular gigs at Disneyland and Disney World,
well-received European tours, and concerts in smaller Canadian markets such as
Brandon and Medicine Hat. Barrage's creators say they deliberately avoided
playing major cities until the group could make a splash.

The fiddlers, all in their 20s and most of them bred on the Prairies, have
rosined up their bows for hundreds of corporate, charity, educational and
festival shows, and it hasn't all been glamorous. They recall being transported
to one Scandinavian gig in a wagon pulled by a tractor.

One unforeseen benefit of so much intense touring has been two marriages:
Fiddlers Denis Dufresne and Lynae Oliver fell in love and wed two years ago,
then guitarist Aaron Young and fiddler Roxanne Leitch followed suit.

The event that abruptly catapulted Barrage into the limousine league was the TV
broadcast of Barrage: The World on Stage. The show, a handsomely produced
one-hour concert video filmed in Calgary in late 1999, was broadcast by the
Detroit PBS station in March, 2000. It was so positively received that it went
national and was telecast a whopping 431 times on PBS stations in December. (It
is expected to air again during the next pledge period, in March.)

"The energy, the dancing, they just came right through the television screen,"
PBS spokeswoman Dianne Bliss says about the group.

In Canada, CBC-TV added to the Barrage buzz by airing both The World on Stage
and a tour documentary during the 2000 Christmas season.

It doesn't hurt that Barrage's three gal and four guy fiddlers are easy on the
eyes and funky in their fashion sense: They sport piercings, tattoos, hip
haircuts, and even tummy-baring tops.

The result of all this exposure? The number of hits on the Barrage Web site (
www.barrage.org ) leapt from roughly 200,000 per month last fall to a staggering
2.5 million in December. Most of the visitors, says Crozman, logged on to find
information on concert dates.

So the ever-expanding Barrage empire is delivering the live experience to fans
of all ages at a tour cost of more than $1-million, while the publicity and
marketing effort shifts into overdrive. The group now has the same Vancouver
agent as Bryan Adams and Diana Krall, and the same U.S. publicist and agent as
Riverdance. Its lone studio recording, Barrage, was rereleased on Jan. 9 and has
reached the Top 10 on the North American world-music sales chart.

The World on Stage is being officially released on home video and DVD tomorrow.
The group is hoping for a breakthrough appearance on one of the major U.S. talk
shows, such as Letterman, Leno, Rosie O'Donnell or The Today Show.

Meanwhile, the 12 Barragers are nailing down the new show, which was still being
tinkered with on Friday as the Calgary premiere loomed. Performed on a set whose
elemental design owes a debt to Riverdance, A Violin Sings, A Fiddle Dances
restages most of the numbers from the concert video. It adds about 25 minutes of
new material, such as an exuberant display of French-Canadian spoon-clacking and
a steamy blues piece. Its unifying theme is that the instrument takes on
different moods, depending on whether it is played as a poetic violin or a
rough-and-ready fiddle.

Calgary-born band member Errol Fischer, 22, says the show's simultaneous
choreography and musicianship pose unique challenges.

"We're rolling and doing acrobatics with violins, and violins are not overly
resilient when you land on them," he says. "There have been a couple of violins
destroyed."

And lest the public think the players loll about in their hotel rooms in their
off-stage hours, Fischer says daily individual practice is essential to maintain
the technique that looks so effortless from the audience.

"I generally practise in the bathroom, because my roommate's sleeping, or is
even practising in the room. I could never find a place to put the music,
because the towel racks are too high or too low, and the sink's too low. So I
got some wood and built myself a music stand that hangs on the back of the
bathroom door."
Barrage performs A Violin Sings, A Fiddle Dances at the Vogue Theatre in
Vancouver tonight and at Toronto's Hummingbird Centre on Mar. 17.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              May 23, 2008 Friday
                                  City Edition

Footlights

BYLINE: LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: X; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 202 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


FIDDLING CHAMPIONSHIP TO BE HELD SATURDAY

The annual Monumental Fiddling Championship will be held Saturday at the
Homestead National Monument of America, west of Beatrice.

A fiddle workshop will be held at 10 a.m. by Greenblatt and Seay. Registration
for the contest begins at 1 p.m.

The competition starts at 2 p.m. and includes junior, senior and acoustic band
divisions. A concert of winners will be held at 7 p.m.

All fiddlers participating in the contest can register to win a fiddle donated
by professional fiddle-maker Nancy Rohn. The drawing will be held after the
competition and registrants must be present to win.

To learn more call (402) 223-3514.

MORRIS DANCERS PLAN EVENTS AT LINCOLN SITES

English Morris Dancers will mass dance at several sites in Lincoln on Saturday
when the 2008 Midwest Morris Ale convenes in Nebraska City. Teams from a large
number of states will participate.

Dancers will be at Holmes Lake Shelter No. 3 from 10:30 to 11:30 a.m. and at
both Antelope Park Zoo and the State Capitol Building from 1 to 3:30 p.m. The
entire group will perform from 4 to 5 p.m. in Antelope Park.

Morris dancing is a festive English tradition and features sets of four, six or
eight dancers in precision.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 12, 2015 Sunday

Bangor bluegrass busquer hitting the road to perfect craft

BYLINE: Judy Harrison BDN Staff

LENGTH: 571 words


I'm headed back to see my baby


I'm goin' home no more to roam


I'm travelin' on to the one I love


I'm goin' back to the place that I call home


Although Max Silverstein wrote those lyrics and the bluegrass music that goes
with them, the 18-year-old Bangor High School grad is headed far from home to
perfect his passion.


He will be a freshman this fall at East Tennessee State University in Johnson
City, population about 62,000, near the South Carolina border. Max will study in
the Department of Bluegrass, Old Time and Country Music.


"ETSU has the only bluegrass program in the country," Max said Sunday. "The
faculty is great at teaching you how to become a professional touring musician."


And that is what Max wants to do -- travel around the country and the world
playing in a bluegrass band.


He's well known close to home. For the past few years, he's been part of the
trio Maximum Blue that plays one Sunday a month at Paddy Murphy's Pub in
downtown Bangor.


He already has done some touring -- performing at bluegrass festivals throughout
the state. In May, he performed in Holland and Ireland with an Irish bluegrass
band.


On Thursday, he will head to the Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival in Oak Hill, New
York, about 35 miles southeast of Albany, to accept a scholarship totalling at
least $3,500. The amount could increase depending on donations made during the
festival.


Max also will perform at the event.


ETSU awarded Max a public performance scholarship that will allow him to attend
the school at in-state instead of out-of-state tuition rate, according his
father Jeffrey Silverstein, a criminal defense attorney in Bangor. Without the
scholarship, it would cost Max almost twice as much to attend the university.


To win the scholarship, Max had to audition a year ago for Daniel Boner, the
director of the program.


"I like bluegrass music because every song tells a different story," Max said on
Sunday. "It's very challenging to get the right bluegrass sound on the fiddle."


Max said he started playing classical music on the violin but fell in love with
bluegrass music after his father, who plays the guitar and fiddle, took him to a
music camp in Maine.


Jeffrey Silverstein tells a slightly different version of the story.


"I kind of pushed him into this in first grade," the elder Silverstein said in
October 2013, as Maximum Blue was about to release a new CD. "He wasn't psyched
on it. I said, 'This is the way it is in the Silverstein family. We all play a
musical instrument.' Within a year or two, he started doing pretty well at the
fiddle side of things.


"He continued to progress, so when he was about 10, I took him to the Maine
Fiddle Camp kicking and screaming, figuratively," he said. "When we got there,
he said, 'I'm here now but I'm not coming back.' The next day, he was having a
blast. From that point on, he's never looked back."


Max is looking ahead. In May, he released his first solo CD called "Traveling
On." He composed four of the five songs on the album, and he plays guitar and
mandolin in addition to the fiddle.


One place he will not be playing this summer is at the American Folk Festival,
scheduled for Aug. 28 to 30 on the Bangor Waterfront. In years past, Max and his
father have played on the sidewalk at the event.


Max must be at ETSU for orientation Aug. 20. If he isn't touring, Max could be
available during semester break to perform with his Dad on New Year's Eve, as
they've done in recent years.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 12, 2015 Sunday

Bangor bluegrass busquer hitting the road to perfect craft

BYLINE: Judy Harrison BDN Staff

LENGTH: 571 words


I'm headed back to see my baby


I'm goin' home no more to roam


I'm travelin' on to the one I love


I'm goin' back to the place that I call home


Although Max Silverstein wrote those lyrics and the bluegrass music that goes
with them, the 18-year-old Bangor High School grad is headed far from home to
perfect his passion.


He will be a freshman this fall at East Tennessee State University in Johnson
City, population about 62,000, near the South Carolina border. Max will study in
the Department of Bluegrass, Old Time and Country Music.


"ETSU has the only bluegrass program in the country," Max said Sunday. "The
faculty is great at teaching you how to become a professional touring musician."


And that is what Max wants to do -- travel around the country and the world
playing in a bluegrass band.


He's well known close to home. For the past few years, he's been part of the
trio Maximum Blue that plays one Sunday a month at Paddy Murphy's Pub in
downtown Bangor.


He already has done some touring -- performing at bluegrass festivals throughout
the state. In May, he performed in Holland and Ireland with an Irish bluegrass
band.


On Thursday, he will head to the Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival in Oak Hill, New
York, about 35 miles southeast of Albany, to accept a scholarship totalling at
least $3,500. The amount could increase depending on donations made during the
festival.


Max also will perform at the event.


ETSU awarded Max a public performance scholarship that will allow him to attend
the school at in-state instead of out-of-state tuition rate, according his
father Jeffrey Silverstein, a criminal defense attorney in Bangor. Without the
scholarship, it would cost Max almost twice as much to attend the university.


To win the scholarship, Max had to audition a year ago for Daniel Boner, the
director of the program.


"I like bluegrass music because every song tells a different story," Max said on
Sunday. "It's very challenging to get the right bluegrass sound on the fiddle."


Max said he started playing classical music on the violin but fell in love with
bluegrass music after his father, who plays the guitar and fiddle, took him to a
music camp in Maine.


Jeffrey Silverstein tells a slightly different version of the story.


"I kind of pushed him into this in first grade," the elder Silverstein said in
October 2013, as Maximum Blue was about to release a new CD. "He wasn't psyched
on it. I said, 'This is the way it is in the Silverstein family. We all play a
musical instrument.' Within a year or two, he started doing pretty well at the
fiddle side of things.


"He continued to progress, so when he was about 10, I took him to the Maine
Fiddle Camp kicking and screaming, figuratively," he said. "When we got there,
he said, 'I'm here now but I'm not coming back.' The next day, he was having a
blast. From that point on, he's never looked back."


Max is looking ahead. In May, he released his first solo CD called "Traveling
On." He composed four of the five songs on the album, and he plays guitar and
mandolin in addition to the fiddle.


One place he will not be playing this summer is at the American Folk Festival,
scheduled for Aug. 28 to 30 on the Bangor Waterfront. In years past, Max and his
father have played on the sidewalk at the event.


Max must be at ETSU for orientation Aug. 20. If he isn't touring, Max could be
available during semester break to perform with his Dad on New Year's Eve, as
they've done in recent years.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

St. Patrick's Fiddle Frenzy

BYLINE: Special to the Reformer

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 463 words


BELLOWS FALLS &GT;&GT; Wear green and attend the 11th annual St. Patrick's
Fiddle Frenzy on Friday, March 18 at 7:30 p.m., when Stone Church Arts
celebrates St. Patrick's Day. As always, this will be a foot-stomping good time,
filled with music from Celtic countries and the regions inspired to carry on the
musical traditions. Help us celebrate at the stone Church on the hill, Immanuel
Episcopal Church, 20 Church St.

This year we feature Vermont's own Pete's Posse. The show will be opened by
fiddler Sarah Blair and guitarist Flynn Cohen.

Pete's Posse is twin fiddles in tight, wild harmony over hi-powered guitar and
pounding footwork with mandolin, clawhammer banjo, jawharp and rocking keyboards
adding their voices to the mix. Old songs and tunes, lyrical and driving,
alongside brand new ones. That's the multi-generational heart and mind of Pete's
Posse, at work and at play.

Sarah Blair began playing Irish music in Rhode Island's thriving traditional
music community and honed her playing as a sought-after session leader in Boston
and in the world of American contra dancing. She has played at festivals,
concerts, and dances from Alaska to Quebec to Florida, as well as performing at
the US Embassy in Dublin as a member of a mission led by Senator Patrick Leahy.
Her most unusual gig was filling in for fiddler Liz Carroll on tour with The
Eagles' singer Don Henley. She has been featured in a Fiddler Magazine cover
story and is included in "Handy with the Stick: Fiddler Magazine's Best of Irish
Fiddling," a Mel Bay book profiling top Irish fiddlers.

Acoustic Guitarist Flynn Cohen has performed all over the world with many
notable acts in traditional and contemporary acoustic music. He can be seen in
concert with the American folk band LOW LILY (formerly known as Annalivia), and
legendary Irish Accordion player John Whelan, as well as solo and duo shows
playing music from his four solo albums.

Flynn has also performed with Ruth Moody, Halali, The Sevens, Aoife Clancy,
Cathie Ryan, Lawrence Nugent, Skip Healy, Joe Derrane and Frank Ferrel, John
McGann, Matt Glaser, Brian Wicklund, Tony Watt and Southeast Expressway,
Adrienne Young, Jake & Taylor Armerding, Gail Davies, Jilly Martin, Malibu
Storm, Bruce MacGregor, Lissa Schneckenburger, Laura Cortese, Mark Simos, Women
of Ireland, The Vancouver Symphony, the Orchestra of Indian Hill, Revels, and
Footworks Percussive Dance Ensemble, among others.

Join Stone Church Arts at Immanuel Episcopal Church, 20 Church St.,the stone
church on the hill in Bellows Falls. Tickets are $17 general admission and $13
seniors in advance ($20 and $15 at the door). Further information and tickets
are available at Village Square Booksellers in Bellows Falls, by calling
802-460-0110, and online at www.stonechurcharts.org .

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

Ohio: The Time Jumpers Featuring Vince Gill

LENGTH: 267  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Ohio Tourism department has issued the following news release:



  The Time Jumpers Featuring Vince Gill

 Event Overview



 Tap any member of multi Grammy nominated The Time Jumpers on the shoulder and
the face that turns to greet you will be that of one who's made major
contributions to the richness and vigor of country music. The current edition of
The Time Jumpers includes 10 members, each a master of his instrument. They are
Vince Gill (vocals, electric and acoustic guitars), "Ranger Doug" Green (vocals,
acoustic rhythm guitar), Paul Franklin (steel guitar), Brad Albin (upright
bass), Larry Franklin (fiddle), Andy Reiss (electric guitar), Kenny Sears
(vocals, fiddle), Joe Spivey (fiddle, vocals), Jeff Taylor (accordion, piano)
and Billy Thomas (drums, vocals). The Time Jumpers was established in Nashville
in 1998 by an assemblage of high-dollar studio musicians who wanted to spend
some spare time jamming with their sonically gifted buddies. The notion of
building a rabidly devoted following was the last thing on their minds, but
that's what happened. Experience this Who's Who of Country music on the
Niswonger stage.



 Event Details

 Dates:

 Sat, Feb. 04, 2017

 Hours:



     07:30pm - 09:30pm



 Listing Address:

 10700 St. Rt. 118

 Van Wert, OH 45891

 United States

 Phone Numbers:

 877-989-2282

 Event Type:

 Music - Country

 Rates:



     Balcony Center: $30.00 Balcony Left & Right: $25.00 Mezzanine Center:
$40.00 Mezzanine Left & Right: $35.00 Orchestra Seats: $45.00



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

Ohio: The Time Jumpers Featuring Vince Gill

LENGTH: 267  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Ohio Tourism department has issued the following news release:



  The Time Jumpers Featuring Vince Gill

 Event Overview



 Tap any member of multi Grammy nominated The Time Jumpers on the shoulder and
the face that turns to greet you will be that of one who's made major
contributions to the richness and vigor of country music. The current edition of
The Time Jumpers includes 10 members, each a master of his instrument. They are
Vince Gill (vocals, electric and acoustic guitars), "Ranger Doug" Green (vocals,
acoustic rhythm guitar), Paul Franklin (steel guitar), Brad Albin (upright
bass), Larry Franklin (fiddle), Andy Reiss (electric guitar), Kenny Sears
(vocals, fiddle), Joe Spivey (fiddle, vocals), Jeff Taylor (accordion, piano)
and Billy Thomas (drums, vocals). The Time Jumpers was established in Nashville
in 1998 by an assemblage of high-dollar studio musicians who wanted to spend
some spare time jamming with their sonically gifted buddies. The notion of
building a rabidly devoted following was the last thing on their minds, but
that's what happened. Experience this Who's Who of Country music on the
Niswonger stage.



 Event Details

 Dates:

 Sat, Feb. 04, 2017

 Hours:



     07:30pm - 09:30pm



 Listing Address:

 10700 St. Rt. 118

 Van Wert, OH 45891

 United States

 Phone Numbers:

 877-989-2282

 Event Type:

 Music - Country

 Rates:



     Balcony Center: $30.00 Balcony Left & Right: $25.00 Mezzanine Center:
$40.00 Mezzanine Left & Right: $35.00 Orchestra Seats: $45.00



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Ohio: The Time Jumpers Featuring Vince Gill

LENGTH: 267  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Ohio Tourism department has issued the following news release:



  The Time Jumpers Featuring Vince Gill

 Event Overview



 Tap any member of multi Grammy nominated The Time Jumpers on the shoulder and
the face that turns to greet you will be that of one who's made major
contributions to the richness and vigor of country music. The current edition of
The Time Jumpers includes 10 members, each a master of his instrument. They are
Vince Gill (vocals, electric and acoustic guitars), "Ranger Doug" Green (vocals,
acoustic rhythm guitar), Paul Franklin (steel guitar), Brad Albin (upright
bass), Larry Franklin (fiddle), Andy Reiss (electric guitar), Kenny Sears
(vocals, fiddle), Joe Spivey (fiddle, vocals), Jeff Taylor (accordion, piano)
and Billy Thomas (drums, vocals). The Time Jumpers was established in Nashville
in 1998 by an assemblage of high-dollar studio musicians who wanted to spend
some spare time jamming with their sonically gifted buddies. The notion of
building a rabidly devoted following was the last thing on their minds, but
that's what happened. Experience this Who's Who of Country music on the
Niswonger stage.



 Event Details

 Dates:

 Sat, Feb. 04, 2017

 Hours:



     07:30pm - 09:30pm



 Listing Address:

 10700 St. Rt. 118

 Van Wert, OH 45891

 United States

 Phone Numbers:

 877-989-2282

 Event Type:

 Music - Country

 Rates:



     Balcony Center: $30.00 Balcony Left & Right: $25.00 Mezzanine Center:
$40.00 Mezzanine Left & Right: $35.00 Orchestra Seats: $45.00



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 13, 1995, Monday, Final Edition

Folk Masters

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. D07

LENGTH: 873 words


The "Folk Masters" series launched its sixth season at the Barns of Wolf Trap
Friday night with a program called "Masters of the Folk Violin: Country, Celtic,
Scottish and Acadian." In other words, it was an evening of fiddlin' around.
Emcee Nick Spitzer, the artistic director of "Folk Masters," set a relaxed tone
as he joked not just with the performers and the sold-out house, but also with
the national radio audience, which will hear edited shows from the series next
fall. Spitzer's ability to keep the tone warm and casually nonacademic as he
brings on obscure but gifted folk performers has helped keep the series
listener-friendly.

Spitzer introduced three different styles of fiddlers from three different
generations. First up was 74-year-old Benton Flippen, who led North Carolina's
Smokey Valley Boys through a spirited set of old-timey, bluegrass and
traditional country numbers. Dressed in a black fedora and a bright turquoise
cowboy shirt, Flippen bent his fiddle notes to give them a distinctively bluesy
flavor. He was joined by two former band mates from the legendary old-timey band
the Camp Creek Boys, plus two younger musicians.

The middle set was delivered by baby boomer Liz Carroll and her piano
accompanist, Marty Flahey, both products of Chicago's lively traditional Irish
music scene. Carroll's tremendous control of the fiddle was best demonstrated
during a medley of Michael Coleman tunes when she played a passage of fast,
short bow strokes that gave her a hovering, bumblebee sound.

The final set featured Cape Breton's 21-year-old Joel Chiasson and Prince Edward
Island's 16-year-old Richard Wood. The two young men, accompanied by rhythm
guitarist Dave MacIsaac, combined for twin-fiddle duets, fiddle-piano duets and
fiddle/step-dancing duets. Chiasson elevated the art of Cape Breton piano to a
new level with his improvised stops and accents, and Wood's fast finger work and
full-toned sawing on the fiddle suggested an unlimited future.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              June 2, 2014 Monday

In Brief

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 484 words


Southern tunes featured at Sunday house concert

BRATTLEBORO -- Max Godfrey and Elias Alexander present "Back to the Roots:
Southern Traditional Music" on Sunday at 7 p.m., at the home of Louisa and Josh
Engle. Suggested donation is $10. E-mail mgodfrey218 @gmail.com for directions.

Join Godfrey and Alexander for a raucous, foot-stomping evening of southern
traditional songs and tunes. The performance will include mountain ballads,
fiddle tunes, work songs and country blues on fiddle, guitar, banjo, harmonica
and cajon. Many of the songs invite participation, so come ready to cut loose,
sing out and have a great time.

Godfrey is a fiddle player and singer from the Georgia old-time string band
Sourwood Honey, as well as the duo Max and Maggie. Alexander is a
multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, composer, singer and member of the groups Cat
and the Moon and Fresh Haggis in Boston.

Group pays tribute to George Shearing at VJC

BRATTLEBORO -- On Saturday, June 7, at 8 p.m., the Vermont Jazz Center presents
"Sounds of Shearing," an all-star group comprised primarily of alumni from the
working bands of the great pianist, George Shearing.

Led by vibraphonist Charlie Shoemake, the ensemble pays tribute to George
Shearing, performing his elegant arrangements and bringing to life his legendary
"cool jazz" sound.

Joining Shoemake are Frank Potenza, guitar, Joe Bagg, piano, Luther Evans,
acoustic bass, Bill Goodwin, drums and, special guest, vocalist Sandi Shoemake.

Tickets are $20, $15 for students. Purchase tickets through www.vtjazz.org or at
In the Moment, 143 Main St. For reservation and information, call 802-254-9088.

Cat Dail, Bluebird Orchestra coming
to Next Stage

PUTNEY -- Next Stage Arts Project presents Cat Dail & The Magnets and The
Bluebird Orchestra on Friday, June 6, at 7:30 p.m., at Next Stage, 15 Kimball
Hill, in a benefit for Next Stage.

Tickets are $15 general admission ($25 with signed CD) available at
www.nextstagearts.org , at Offerings in Putney and Turn It Up in Brattleboro.

Cat Dail & The Magnets is an indie pop rock band which combines elements of pop,
punk, reggae, funk, world beats and gospel. Opening will be Donald Saaf's
quartet, The Bluebird Orchestra.

For more information, contact Next Stage Arts at 802-387-0102 or
nextstagearts@gmail.com

Eriksen and Trio de Pumpkintown
play in Putney

PUTNEY -- Tim Eriksen & The Trio de Pumpkintown will play at Sandglass Theater
on Saturday, June 7, at 7:30 p.m.

The Trio brings a new, imaginative touch to the solid ground of acoustic folk
and Americana. Founded in Western Massachusetts in 2012, the Trio features
drummer Peter Irvine and fiddler Zoe Darrow. The June 7 show is a collaboration
with visual artist Sue Brearey of the Putney School, who will complement the
music with "magic lantern" projections.

Tickets are $16, $13 for students and seniors. Reservations are recommended at
info@sandglasstheater.org or 802-387-4051.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 7, 2016 Sunday

Once a Texas Playboy, always a Texas Playboy, Oklahoman is one of the last

BYLINE: BY ROBERT MEDLEY Staff writer rmedley@oklahoman.comÂ

SECTION:

LENGTH: 474 words


CHICKASHA - Joe Settlemires was in his 20s when he joined "the king of Western
swing," Bob Wills, in the early 1960s.Since 1934, Wills and the Texas Playboys,
a show band with fiddles, horns, drums and even a jazz guitar, had defined the
face of Western swing. Their home base was in Tulsa at KVOO radio and the music
was broadcast from Cain's Ballroom.Settlemires is one of the last of the Texas
Playboys who toured with Wills, who died in 1975.Wills' music is still
remembered in Oklahoma. The state country and western song is "Faded Love," and
every March there is a Bob Wills Day at the state Capitol.

Settlemires organizes a Bob Wills day in the troubador's hometown of Turkey,
Texas.Settlemires, 73, said he was a skinny man in a big cowboy hat when he
joined the Playboys in 1961. He recalls Wills pointing his fiddle bow at him
when it was time for him to do a guitar solo."He was so laid back and cool,"
Settlemires said. "He had a charisma about him that very few people had."Jeff
Moore, director of the Oklahoma History Center's OKPOP Museum project planned
for Tulsa, said Wills is one of the most iconic musicians in the state. The
Texas Playboys had about 10 members at any one time, and they toured over a
30-year period.&nbsp;"Bob Wills is one of Oklahoma's most influential icons of
popular culture. In 1934 he really began his career in Tulsa. Throughout the
Great Depression he boosted Oklahomans' spirits from the stage and on the radio.
He is in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Country Music Hall of Fame,"
Moore said.There are other surviving Texas Playboys who still perform today,
including Bobby Koefer, 77, steel guitar; Casey Dickens, 86, drums; Leon Rausch,
88, singer, and Herb Remington, 89. Rausch was known as the voice of the Texas
Playboys.Wills was never the lead singer, but a fiddle player known for throwing
in his famous "Ahh-ha," and bantering with the musicians during songs.Brett
Bingham of Tulsa, a music historian and Bob Wills aficionado, said women who are
known to have toured as a Texas Playboy were singer Ramona Reed of Clayton and
Louise Rowe, a vocalist who also played backup bass fiddle.Settlemires had a
long career as a guitarist and performed on a number of albums over the years,
including the last album of country singer Hank Thompson.Thompson was a frequent
headliner at the Golden Nugget in Las Vegas, and his Brazos Valley Boys was
another Western swing band that rivaled the Texas Playboys in the 1950s and
1960s.Settlemires played on albums for Vince Gill, the Platters and others. He
toured with Willie Nelson after leaving the Texas Playboys.He also taught
improvisation and show band as an adjunct faculty member at the University of
Science and Arts of Oklahoma in Chickasha. He's retired now and lives in
Chickasha.&nbsp;Settlemires was born in Roundhill in Coal County.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 7, 2016 Sunday

Once a Texas Playboy, always a Texas Playboy, Oklahoman is one of the last

BYLINE: BY ROBERT MEDLEY Staff writer rmedley@oklahoman.comÂ

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 474 words


CHICKASHA - Joe Settlemires was in his 20s when he joined "the king of Western
swing," Bob Wills, in the early 1960s.Since 1934, Wills and the Texas Playboys,
a show band with fiddles, horns, drums and even a jazz guitar, had defined the
face of Western swing. Their home base was in Tulsa at KVOO radio and the music
was broadcast from Cain's Ballroom.Settlemires is one of the last of the Texas
Playboys who toured with Wills, who died in 1975.Wills' music is still
remembered in Oklahoma. The state country and western song is "Faded Love," and
every March there is a Bob Wills Day at the state Capitol.

Settlemires organizes a Bob Wills day in the troubador's hometown of Turkey,
Texas.Settlemires, 73, said he was a skinny man in a big cowboy hat when he
joined the Playboys in 1961. He recalls Wills pointing his fiddle bow at him
when it was time for him to do a guitar solo."He was so laid back and cool,"
Settlemires said. "He had a charisma about him that very few people had."Jeff
Moore, director of the Oklahoma History Center's OKPOP Museum project planned
for Tulsa, said Wills is one of the most iconic musicians in the state. The
Texas Playboys had about 10 members at any one time, and they toured over a
30-year period.&nbsp;"Bob Wills is one of Oklahoma's most influential icons of
popular culture. In 1934 he really began his career in Tulsa. Throughout the
Great Depression he boosted Oklahomans' spirits from the stage and on the radio.
He is in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Country Music Hall of Fame,"
Moore said.There are other surviving Texas Playboys who still perform today,
including Bobby Koefer, 77, steel guitar; Casey Dickens, 86, drums; Leon Rausch,
88, singer; and Herb Remington, 89. Rausch was known as the voice of the Texas
Playboys.Wills was never the lead singer, but a fiddle player known for throwing
in his famous "Ahh-ha," and bantering with the musicians during songs.Brett
Bingham of Tulsa, a music historian and Bob Wills aficionado, said women who are
known to have toured as a Texas Playboy were singer Ramona Reed of Clayton and
Louise Rowe, a vocalist who also played backup bass fiddle.Settlemires had a
long career as a guitarist and performed on a number of albums over the years,
including the last album of country singer Hank Thompson.Thompson was a frequent
headliner at the Golden Nugget in Las Vegas, and his Brazos Valley Boys was
another Western swing band that rivaled the Texas Playboys in the 1950s and
1960s.Settlemires played on albums for Vince Gill, the Platters and others. He
toured with Willie Nelson after leaving the Texas Playboys.He also taught
improvisation and show band as an adjunct faculty member at the University of
Science and Arts of Oklahoma in Chickasha. He's retired now and lives in
Chickasha.&nbsp;Settlemires was born in Roundhill in Coal County.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday

MilkDrive to perform in concert in Norman

BYLINE: FROM STAFF REPORTS

SECTION:

LENGTH: 205 words


NORMAN - MilkDrive, a band based in Austin, Texas, will perform at 7 p.m. Sunday
at The Depot, 200 S Jones Ave., as part of the Winter Wind concert series.
Tickets are $20.MilkDrive plays a progressive blend of bluegrass, jazz and folk
and has sometimes been categorized as "jazz grass."Brian Beken (fiddle,
mandolin, guitar, lead vocals), Dennis Ludiker (mandolin, fiddle, harmony
vocals) and Noah Jeffries (guitar, fiddle, mandolin, harmony vocals) met as
youngsters and co-contestants in the National Oldtime Fiddlers' Contest in
Weiser, Idaho.Late-night jams resulted in musical kinship for the friends, who
eventually moved to Austin and joined forces to start MilkDrive. Bassist Jesse
Dalton joined recently, rounding out the low end for the band's sound.The name
MilkDrive is an homage to a country road in Idaho.The group's third studio
album, "Places You've Not Been," was recorded at Austin's Bismeaux Studio and
self-produced by the band. The project features predominantly original material
that is indicative of the group's extensive influences and talents.Previous
albums include "Waves," "Road From Home," and "MilkDrive Live '09."To purchase
tickets or for more information, call 307-9320 or go to www.normandepot.org.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday

MilkDrive to perform in concert in Norman

BYLINE: FROM STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 207 words


NORMAN - MilkDrive, a band based in Austin, Texas, will perform at 7 p.m. Sunday
at The Depot, 200 S Jones Ave., as part of the Winter Wind concert series.
Tickets are $20.MilkDrive plays a progressive blend of bluegrass, jazz and folk
and has sometimes been categorized as "jazz grass."Brian Beken (fiddle,
mandolin, guitar, lead vocals), Dennis Ludiker (mandolin, fiddle, harmony
vocals) and Noah Jeffries (guitar, fiddle, mandolin, harmony vocals) met as
youngsters and co-contestants in the National Oldtime Fiddlers' Contest in
Weiser, Idaho.Late-night jams resulted in musical kinship for the friends, who
eventually moved to Austin and joined forces to start MilkDrive. Bassist Jesse
Dalton joined recently, rounding out the low end for the band's sound.The name
MilkDrive is an homage to a country road in Idaho.The group's third studio
album, "Places You've Not Been," was recorded at Austin's Bismeaux Studio and
self-produced by the band. The project features predominantly original material
that is indicative of the group's extensive influences and talents.Previous
albums include "Waves," "Road From Home" and "MilkDrive Live '09."If you goTo
purchase tickets or for more information, call 307-9320 or go to
www.normandepot.org.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Kentucky

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 5, 2011 Tuesday

Fiddle Contest changes its venue

BYLINE: Missy Mudd Reporter, Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 451 words


July 05--The location for Kentucky's Official State Championship Old-Time
Fiddler's Contest may have changed, but the music promises to bigger and better
than ever.

This year's contest is set for July 15 and 16 at Rough River State Resort Park.

The Grayson County Rotary Club is the title sponsor for the event. Each year
club volunteer's help with putting on the contest.

Fiddler's Contest President Brent Miller talked about the new spot for fiddling
music.

"We had to change the location because the Corps of Engineers closed the tail
water area for the summer due to flood damage," Miller said. "The quickest fix
for this year was to move the contest to the grounds of Rough River State Park.
It will be over above the beach area. People already have had reservations at
the park for so many years. This seemed like the easiest fix. We will still
trolleys like we always have. The employees at the state park have been really
good to work with in helping us in our time of need."

Over $5,000 in prize money is up for grabs during this year's contest.

Friday's competitions will begin at 7 p.m. and Saturday's competitions will
start at 10 a.m.

Categories for the contest include: harmonica, beginner open, and bluegrass
banjo, flattop guitar, bluegrass band, old time banjo, pee wee fiddler (10 and
under), beginner fiddler (11-15), dulcimer, sr. fiddler (60 and over), old time
string band, Jr. fiddler (35 and under), mandolin, intermediate fiddler (36-59),
jig dancing, division I, jig dancing, division II, back-up musician of the year
and the fiddle off.

"In case of rain, the contest will be moved inside the lodge," Miller explained.
"We will also have vendors selling different items, and concession stands set
up. This year any honorable mention type will be Jim Holloway. He was a
long-time Rotary member and took care of all of the tractors and wagons. He got
all of that lined up. Jim also drove the tractor for many years."

For more information on the contest visit www.kyfiddler.com.

"People come from Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia, Indiana and Illinois to compete,"
Miller said. "They take this competition very seriously. We even had a couple
come in one time from Europe to play. The contest is all about good old-time
fiddle music, bluegrass categories and jig dancing. We want to emphasize the
importance of providing a family environment with good music."

To see more of the Grayson County News-Gazette, go to
http://www.gcnewsgazette.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Grayson County News-Gazette,
Leitchfield, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110705-SY-Fiddle-Contest-changes-its-venue-0705-20110705

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SY


                                 Copyright 2011


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 11, 2010 Thursday

BRIEF: Fiddlers pal around in Zumbrota

BYLINE: Tom Weber, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 220 words


Mar. 11--ZUMBROTA -- Brian Wicklund and the Fiddle Pals will perform in concert
and conduct a workshop March 20 at Crossings at Carnegie, 320 East Ave.

Wicklund has played in several touring bands over the years, and was a mainstay
of Laurie Line's Pop Chamber Orchestra for her annual Christmas concerts. He
currently plays with Brother Mule, as well as his own Fiddle Pals. In addition,
Wicklund has written the American Fiddle Method books and is much in demand as
an instructor.

Also in the band are Joe Cruz on guitar and Kevin Rowe on bass.

The concert is at 7:30 p.m. The afternoon workshop begins at 1 p.m. and will
cover bluegrass fiddle and mandolin, fingerstyle guitar and bass, wrapping up
with a jam session.

Tickets for the concert are $15 in advance, $17 at the door. Tickets for the
workshop are $35 for one class, $60 for two classes. For reservations and
information, call (507) 732-7616.

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100311-RC-BRF-Fiddlers-pal-around-in-Zumbrota-0311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2010 Post-Bulletin


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Mountaineer (Waynesville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

The fiddle sounds of Scotland

BYLINE: Lindsay Curtin, The Mountaineer, Waynesville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 461 words


Nov. 04--Jamie Laval, an artist originally from Seattle, now living in Tryon,
has been capturing audiences with his passionate performances of traditional
music of Scotland, Ireland, Brittany and Quebec.

He blends an ancient art form of celtic fiddle with stunning virtuosity and
contemporary flair that resonates with families, youth, seniors, and devotees of
ethnic, jazz, and classical music.

Now, he's visiting The Strand in Waynesville to showcase his talent at 8 p.m. on
Saturday, Nov. 7.

An evening concert experience with Jamie combines soaring melodies, toe-tapping
rhythms, and amusing stories to create a beautiful atmosphere of the Scottish
Highlands.

Laval initially studied classical violin at the Victoria Conservatory of Music
and made his living as a professional symphony musician, recording studio
artist, improvising violinist and contra dance fiddler.

However, his passion for the haunting sounds of rural Scottish folk music
eventually captured his attention over all other preoccupations and he now
devotes himself exclusively to Celtic music.

Laval explained why he wants to bring his talent to Waynesville.

"This is my second time in Waynesville. I remember the first time I saw the
town. I do a lot of performances in Asheville and I visited the area one day. I
thought 'Wow, this place is to die for and so cute.'"

Laval explained although performing in Waynesville was an easy decision, getting
a venue booked was a bit more tricky. He said he's glad to have matched his
talent with The Strand.

"At The Strand, the owners really understand that this kind of acoustic music is
not going to pull in a lot of profit, but it's extremely valuable for community
to experience. The people at The Strand are really pro art and pro musician,"
said Laval.

As far as what's next in Laval's career, he said a musician never stops growing,
not matter how much experience they have.

"There are several things technically I'm developing on the fiddle and violin--
its' about always getting better. I've also been changing things up with my
shows. I've been pulling singers and dancers into my performances every now and
again.

In 2002 Jamie won the U.S. National Scottish Fiddle Championship and his touring
career includes over 100 engagements per year throughout the U.S. and Scotland.
He has appeared on the NBC Today Show, Dave Matthews' Some Devil album and
performed for Her Majesty the Queen. Jamie's newest album, Murmurs and Drones,
won the popular vote for "Best World Traditional Album" in the 2012 Independent
Music Awards.

To purchase tickets, visit www.38main.com or call 828-283-0079.

___ (c)2015 The Mountaineer (Waynesville, N.C.) Visit The Mountaineer
(Waynesville, N.C.) at themountaineer.villagesoup.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151104-NC-The-fiddle-sounds-of-Scotland-1104-20151104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NC


                         Copyright 2015 The Mountaineer


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              June 10, 2007 Sunday
                                  City Edition

The fiddle class

BYLINE: JEFF KORBELIK, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: F; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1006 words

DATELINE: Avoca, NE


Husband and wife fiddling duo live in the Old Schoolhouse in Avoca, where they
also teach.

AVOCA - Sunlight fills the old schoolroom, brightening the hardwood floors,
teal-colored walls and chalkboards.

Five fiddle players sit in a semicircle around their teachers, who guide them
through a foot-tapping performance of "The Fox." Nine-year-old Rachel Jarvis of
Lincoln plays the harmony.

"She did better than I can do,"  says David Seay, looking up from his guitar
after they've finished.

He is in denim overalls and yellow T-shirt, his long dark hair falling about his
shoulders.

"Yes, dear, I know â?¦," his viola-playing wife, Deborah Greenblatt, replies.

She, too, is dressed in denim jeans and a top worn over a hot pink, long-sleeved
shirt.

Her comment brings giggles from their students.

It's Tuesday morning, the second day of Greenblatt's fiddle camp for beginners
at the Old Schoolhouse in Avoca, a quiet, scenic Cass County village just off
Nebraska 34.

Seay, 55, and Greenblatt, 56, are the Sonny and Cher of Southeast Nebraska,
where they provide music, and sometimes a bit of comedy, from the historic
building that they also call their home.

"When we first moved in, it was (in need of) water, heat, insulation, and it
took us a couple of years to get all that," Greenblatt said days earlier in the
dining room that once was the kindergarten room.

"First, it was Porta Potti," Seay reminds her.

"That's true," Greenblatt says back. "We had one of those big green things. It
came with its own flies. No extra charge."

So it goes.

Their witty banter is as much a part of their lives as it is their musical
performances. You can hear the love between them as they go back and forth.

Seay: "Our sons play in very loud bands in Omaha  very, very loud bands."

Greenblatt: "You can hear them from here."

Seay: "Earplugs required."

Greenblatt: "Diction optional."

Seay: "Our oldest plays in Emotional Baggage and claims it's the loudest band in
Omaha."

Greenblatt: "We're so proud."

Seay: "I'm very proud."

They smile at each other and laugh.

In July 1990, looking to expand their music teaching and publishing businesses,
Seay and Greenblatt left Omaha for Avoca. They've never regretted the decision.

"We both could be full of teaching all the time in Omaha and charging a lot
more," Seay said.

"And we would be miserable," Greenblatt added. "We need the air space."

Since coming to Avoca, the duo has carved a niche of sorts in the area's
performing arts scene.

In addition to private lessons and fiddle camps, they provide a performance
series at the schoolhouse.

"I find it fascinating to find their caliber in Avoca, Nebraska," said Jo D
Blessing, who came in from Elwood, near Lexington, to learn the fiddle during
the week-long camp. "It's not what I expected to find here."

Both Seay and Greenblatt are Nebraska Humanities Council performers.

Seay has four NHC shows, including his recent creation, "Train Songs and Tales
of the Westward Trails," in which he weaves tales of the railroad's expansion
toward Nebraska's western border in the mid-1800s with a variety of popular
train-inspired songs.

Greenblatt developed her show about poet James Whitcomb Riley, creating fiddle
tunes from his works.

"'Frost on the Pumpkin' is 'Turkey in the Straw,'" she said. "The fiddle tunes
are there. It was just so clear to me."

The duo also is well-known for its crowd-pleasing fiddle competitions, which
draw participants of all ages.

They recently hosted their ninth competition at the Homestead National Monument
outside of Beatrice. This fall will be their 11th in Avoca.

"They've done a lot of good things," said Avoca Mayor Harold Ehmke, who lives
across the street from the couple. "They can play just about any string
instrument."

Greenblatt came to Nebraska from the East Coast, where she grew up a classically
trained violinist with an appreciation for all types of music.

"I remember my father trying to explain to my mother that Bob Dylan was good,"
she said. "The trick was listening to Bob Dylan. He told her, 'Don't listen to
the music or his singing. Just listen to the words.' It was good advice to my
mother."

Greenblatt arrived in Omaha in 1977 as a violinist with the Omaha Symphony. The
following year she auditioned for a bluegrass band, which had Seay as one of its
members.

She played "Alabama Jubilee" for her audition. She struck a love chord with
Seay.

He had moved to Omaha from Alabama three months earlier. His father, a square
dance caller, used to call the song regularly.

"It was one of his favorite tunes," Seay said. "She just blew me away with her
version â?¦"

Seay moved to Omaha from Alabama as a tax appraiser and later became a computer
programmer for Douglas County. Music always had been a part of his life.

"I was a bugler in the Boy Scouts," he said. "I think it was the bugle that set
me up as a soloist."

The couple married in 1978 and by the early 1980s, after the bluegrass band
broke up, they decided to pursue music full time.

Together.

They taught from their house in Omaha and set up a publishing business.

Today, their library includes music books for violin, cello, viola, recorder,
tin whistle, harmonica and string arrangements and can be accessed through their
Web site at www.mastercall.com/g-s.

"We decided we could depend on each other," Seay said. "We decided to
concentrate on the duo."

The pairing has been quite musical, if not magical.

They raised  and home-schooled their two sons in the schoolhouse. Marks from the
boys' inline skates are still visible on the upstairs auditorium floor.

Greenblatt and Seay say they can't imagine doing what they do anywhere else than
the big brick schoolhouse in small-town Nebraska.

"About two blocks away from (the schoolhouse), I said, 'If it's not brick forget
it,'" Seay said. "It still took her five months to convince me. All I saw was
projects. She saw potential. She was right."

"It's been good for us, great for the business and great for the children,"
Greenblatt said.

The couple smile a knowing smile at each other.

Reach Jeff Korbelik at 473-7213 or jkorbelik@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. David Seay plays his guitar and sings during an intermission of the
fiddling contest held at Homestead National Monument last month. MICHAEL
PAULSEN/Lincoln Journal Star 2. Deborah Greenblatt and her husband David Seay
play their instruments during an intermission of the fiddling contest held at
Homestead National Monument on May 26. MICHAEL PAULSEN/Lincoln Journal Star 3.
Deborah Greenblatt and David Seay dance with students (from left) Emily Hammans,
8, of Omaha, Rachel Jarvis, 9, of Lincoln, and Jill Fox of Lincoln during their
Schoolhouse Fiddling Camp on Tuesday in Avoca. HEIDI HOFFMAN/Lincoln Journal
Star 4. David Seay passes Deborah Greenblatt while dancing during their
Schoolhouse Fiddling Camp in Avoca. HEIDI HOFFMAN/Lincoln Journal Star 5.
Deborah Greenblatt (left) and student Jill Fox (right) dance while David Seay
calls out steps during Seay and Greenblatt's Schoolhouse Fiddling Camp in Avoca
on Tuesday. HEIDI HOFFMAN/Lincoln Journal Star 7. Deborah Greenblatt accompanies
Toby Allbritten, 7, during his performance in the youth division of the fiddling
contest on May 26.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           January 21, 2010 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Alberta troupe brings Joni's ballet to town

BYLINE: Grania Litwin, Times Colonist

SECTION: GO!; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 487  words


ON STAGE

What: Joni Mitchell and Alberta Ballet's The Fiddle and the Drum

Where: Royal Theatre

When: 7:30 p.m. Jan. 27 and 28

Tickets: $33 to $67, call 250-386-6121

Jean Grand-Maître is breathless in Vancouver.

The artistic director of Alberta Ballet -- who has worked with Paris Opera, La
Scala in Milan, and the national ballets of Canada, Cuba, Norway and Bavaria --
is working flat out to choreograph the opening, closing and nightly victory
ceremonies for the Vancouver 2010 Olympics.

But before that begins, he is bringing his famed The Fiddle and the Drum to the
Royal Theatre stage for the first time.

It's the piece he created with Canadian songstress Joni Mitchell in 2007, a
ballet that explores humanity's need to wage war and love, to consume, devour
and deceive, as well as to create beauty and environmental disaster.

And it's the work that put Alberta Ballet on the map, said Grand-Maître.

"The ballet was made into a Bravo TV film and I've had more than 100 impresarios
from around the world interested in touring the piece." It's in Vancouver this
weekend as part of the cultural Olympiad; after Victoria, it heads to Seattle
and Los Angeles.

"Working with Joni was an extraordinary adventure," said the choreographer.
"That woman is intense. She has more ideas in six seconds than I have in a year.
She is a serious artist, very involved. She did everything. Not just the sound
track but she was composer, lyricist, set designer, video editor. ..."

Intimidating at first -- "When that voice started to echo in the studio I had a
hard time thinking of even one step. It was like working with Bob Dylan."

The result is a show that features 30 dancers and Mitchell's melodies and
lyrics, but no literal translation of her words.

"When she talks about a guy picking up a newspaper, we don't have someone doing
that on stage. We don't necessarily tell a story in every movement," said
Grand-Maître, who has never done a ballet about the environment or war before.

"Those are very big subjects but all the while it was like I had a play in my
hands: text, words, and Joni worked out all the sequences." So he came up with a
fusion of styles, and "opened all the doors."

He said Mitchell was always ahead of her time, talking about the buckling
economy or bludgeoned environment long before others took up the battle cry --
"They called her Doomsday Joni" -- and her passion inflamed his creativity, too.

"Working with Joni changed me. When you become an artistic director there is art
and there is business and you can't be naive about the economy, the bottom line.
Something about her reminded me about the art. I trust my instincts more now."

The original one-act show is now a full-length ballet with four additional
songs.

"We also added an intermission because it is so athletic the dancers need a
break," said the choreographer, who has been working at full speed on the
Olympic ceremonies since Nov. 8.

glitwin@tc.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Alberta Ballet; Joni Mitchell and Jean Grand-Maître collaborated on The
Fiddle and the Drum, which plays Victoria Jan. 27 and 28.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2010 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           November 16, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Allan Block;
Fiddle player and sandal maker whose Greenwich Village shop became a hub of the
folk revival scene

BYLINE: Allan Block

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 85

LENGTH: 543 words


The New York "folk revival" of the early 1960s turned Greenwich Village into the
centre of a new creative counterculture from which such stars as Bob Dylan and
Joni Mitchell were to emerge. At the heart of the Village, and the heart of the
burgeoning scene, was Allan Block: a craftsman, fiddle player and sandal maker
whose shop became an impromptu hub for musicians, performers and folk
aficionados. Located near the Folklore Centre and Washington Square, Block's
shop became a magnet for musicians, who would drop in to jam with each other or
with Block himself, or just to hang around. The sound of the folk revival was
inspired by the old country and blues players documented on the influential
Anthology of American Folk Music in 1953, celebrated figures such as Doc Watson
and Bukka White.

Among their young admirers was the musician John Sebastian, the founder of the
Lovin' Spoonful, who in an interview recalled how Block's shop allowed him and
his friends "to sit in a small wooden kind of room and be with ... living
examples" of the folk scene.

Allan Forrest Block was born in Wisconsin in 1923. He trained in classical
violin and briefly studied journalism at university before joining the American
Field Service as an ambulance driver in India during the Second World War.
According to an old acquaintance, Block spent time translating Bengali poetry,
which influenced his own writings.

A talented craftsman, he learnt how to make leather sandals in New Haven before
opening a small shop in Greenwich Village.

Block's sandals were famous in their time. Each pair was individually crafted,
and the style became associated with the free-spirited folk scene. Faye Dunaway
and Joan Baez were among his customers.

However, Block soon became more noted for his sound than for his sandals.

His tiny shop became filled with mandolins, banjos and guitars, Block and his
fiddle in the middle of it all, stamping his foot and "holding down the beat".
"God help you if you wanted to buy a pair of sandals," the singer Dave Van Ronk
recalled.

His most notable visitor was the not yet freewheelin' Bob Dylan, seeking
inspiration in the earliest days of his career. Block's daughter, Rory,
remembered how "He'd be sitting in a chair and my dad would be working and
they'd be talking, and my dad said to me: 'You see that young man? He's a poet
first and foremost. He values his art above all else. He's been signed by a
label, but he really doesn't care about the business side of things.' " It
appeared that Block and Dylan had that trait in common. In 1969 Block moved to
New Hampshire and left his daughter to run the shop. According to his niece, he
continued to play at folk festivals, singing, fiddling and busking until the age
of 80. Speaking before one of his gigs in 1986, he explained the workings of the
folk tradition: "I scraped up this song, because that's the way you really learn
in this whole folk process. You hear a song, you hear someone singing and you
ask them a few questions about it ... that's the version you usually sing."

As numerous musical greats could testify, that's how it was in his shop.

Block is survived by three children.

Allan Block, folk musician and sandal maker, was born on October 6, 1923. He
died on October 23, 2013, aged 90

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Allan Block His individually crafted sandals became associated with the
free-spirited folk scene
Block plays the fiddle during a jamming session at his sandal shop in 1961
MARVIN LICHTNER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                            The Party Fiddle Factory

                             4666 1St Crossing Rd.
                              Florence,  WI 54121
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (906) 396-1391
URL: www.partyfiddle.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Party Fiddle Factory manufactures the Party Fiddle Stumpf Fiddle musical
instrument. The Party Fiddle Stumpf Fiddle is individually hand crafted and
assembled in the Town of Florence, Wisconsin in north eastern Wisconsin.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            March 25, 2004 Thursday
                                   D3 Edition

Bluegrass state of mind Annual Naperville festival prides itself on returning to
roots of American music

BYLINE: Amy Boerema, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 472 words


Britney Spears and Janet Jackson likely wouldn't stand a chance in the world of
bluegrass.

Bluegrass style is raw and real, not electronic or synthesizer- based, artist
Valerie Smith said. And there's no way bluegrass fans would put up with
lip-synching, for which Spears has been criticized.

"That's absolutely not acceptable at a bluegrass concert," Smith said.
"Bluegrass artists try to be conservative and try to make it as honest as
possible. They're not faking it."

Smith's band is one of 10 performing in Naperville's annual Bluegrass Music
Festival, which prides itself on returning to the roots of American music in
what often seems to be a music industry big on hype and show.

About 3,000 fans are expected to attend the family-oriented event, which begins
Friday and ends with a fiddle contest Sunday afternoon in the Holiday Inn-Select
at Naperville and Diehl roads.

Bluegrass is best known for its use of acoustic instruments, including banjo,
guitar and fiddles, and its emphasis on vocal harmony, said Terry Lease,
director of Midwest Festival Association. The music arrived on the national
scene in the 1940s.

Fans will travel from around the region to enjoy national acts such as Valerie
Smith & Liberty Pike, Jesse McReynolds & the Virginia Boys, Special Consensus
and the Chapmans in four stage shows, Lease said.

Visitors also can talk with artists, take workshop sessions in Irish step
dancing and clogging, and play in impromptu jam sessions.

Smith, from Nashville, describes her band's style as progressive bluegrass. She
said she's not offended when people refer to bluegrass as hillbilly or hick
music.

"That's not a horrible thing to say," she said. "In the past, it has been kind
of that way. Bluegrass has just grown like any other style and progressed. It's
not necessarily hillbilly music anymore."

The music ranges from older songs from the Appalachian region to those laced
with Scottish and Irish influence, Lease said.

It's gained popularity in recent years, thanks to movies like "Cold Mountain"
and "O Brother, Where Art Thou?"

Country artists such as Dolly Parton, Vince Gill and Patty Loveless also have
helped its cause by releasing bluegrass albums.

And its fan base continues to climb as the style becomes more mainstream, Smith
said.

"It's become more and more popular," she said. "People are just starting to
realize it's been growing."

That's particularly true in Chicago, which has a large, enthusiastic bluegrass
following, she said.

"I think people are looking for something real," Smith said. "I think they're
looking for something more raw."

Lease said people appreciate the talent it takes for five people to harmonize.
And that it's performed live also fascinates people, Smith said.

"It even fascinates them when you make a mistake," she said.

Tickets go on sale Friday or can be bought at the door.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Art Stevenson, of Art Stevenson & High Water, is set to perform this
weekend at the 10th annual Bluegrass Music Festival. Paul Michna/Daily Herald
napfiddle_2ne032402naptj The annual Bluegrass Music Festival concludes Sunday
with a fiddle contest. Tanit Jarusan/Daily Herald, 2002

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Decorah Public Opinion (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 5, 2013

Former Decorah resident Harvey wants to share Hardanger fiddle with student

BYLINE: Decorah Public Opinion staff

LENGTH: 659  words


Former Decorah resident Helen Harvey studied violin since she was a child, but
has never enjoyed playing a stringed instrument as much as she does now.

Harvey, who lives in Sioux City, began playing the Hardanger fiddle, a
traditional Norwegian folk instrument, about a year ago, and it has completely
changed her musical perspective. She owns two and wants to share one of them
with a local student.

"It looks like a cross between a violin and a work of art with intricate
mother-of-pearl inlays and extensive black rosing designs on the wood," Harvey
explained.

She is accepting loan applications for her fiddle until Dec. 1. Applications are
available at Kephart's Music Center in Decorah and on line at
google.com/site/hhharding-fele/. E-mail inquiries can be sent to
HHardingfele@gmail.com Harvey will loan her fiddle for the calendar year
starting January 2014.

'Sheltered'

The Hardanger fiddle has freed Harvey from her serious musical training.

"I didn't even know people played the violin for fun. I worked at it, and I got
pretty good at it, but I didn't ever see myself wanting to stand in front of
people to perform," Harvey said in a phone interview.

"I was so sheltered, I didn't realize people got together and played in folk
music groups. I had strictly a classical background. I wish as a child I had
been exposed to folk music," she said.

Harvey said she has "dreamed" of having a Hardanger fiddle for 25 years after
seeing the instrument in the basement of Vesterheim Museum in Decorah. Since
purchasing her first fiddle online about a year ago, Harvey has been making up
for lost time, learning its in tracacies.

"It's a unique challenge ... it has a unique tone. The little extra complexity
is fun. And it's gorgeous," Harvey said.

Over the summer she attended the Hardanger Fiddle Association of America (HFAA)
workshop at Folklore Village in Dodgeville, Wis., where she and other workshop
participants played at dances.

"Hardanger fiddles are traditionally associated with Norwegian dances and
weddings, but are rare, expensive and generally inaccessible to students. I'd
like to help rectify that problem one student at a time," Harvey said.

She was inspired to loan one of her fiddles after learning the HFAA has a
program for youth to have access to half-sized and three-quarter sized Hardanger
fiddles. Harvey's is full-sized.

"Two young girls participated and posted some of their performances and their
playing. It's neat to see that," Harvey commented.

Applications for the fiddle will be accepted from anyone, but preference will be
given to Decorah-ar-ea students who already play a bowed string instrument,
Harvey said. Her Hardanger fiddle is "basically a full-sized violin" which would
be appropriate for students in grades seven and up, she said.

'Amazing'

Both of Harvey's fiddles are unlabeled, with no proof of their maker, which made
them affordable, she said.

"The plan was to get the first fiddle into the hands of a student, but after
playing it, I knew I needed one for myself and perhaps as a family keepsake,"
she said.

So she found a second fiddle on sale on the HFAA facebook page. Made in the late
1800s, it was brought to the U.S. from Norway, and passed down a couple of
generations. The family lost interest in the instrument, which was no longer
playable and had significant damage, and listed it for sale.

"I took a risk - a leap of faith - with the purchase, sent it to one of the
handful of Hardanger fiddle repairmen in the country and now have a gorgeous,
playable instrument. In the late 1800s, ebony was not used for fingerboards.
Believe it or not, the fingerboards were made from goat horn. Imagine what it
takes to turn a curved goat horn into a Mat inlaid fingerboard. Hardanger
fiddles are amazing works of art," Harvey said.

"The Decorah area has great support for their musicians and a vibrant
celebration of Norwegian heritage, so it is my pleasure to be able to make this
opportunity available to a student."

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPO

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 Decorah Public Opinion


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             April 24, 2015 Friday
                                  Main Edition

FIDDLERS TUNE UP FOR CONTEST Annual event is qualifier for national competition

BYLINE: Carolyn Lamberson<br> carolynl@spokesman.com, (509) 459-5068<br>

SECTION: C; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 454 words


"Arkansas Traveler." "Edelweiss." "Five Foot Two." "Festival Waltz."

These are just a few of the old-time songs contestants are likely to perform
this weekend during the 47th annual Northwest Regional Fiddle Contest.

The contest, which is a certified qualifier for the National Oldtime Fiddlers
Contest & Festival held in June in Weiser, Idaho, could draw as many as 130
contestants, said Ed Miller, the contest's chairman, president and "chief money
getter."

As of Monday, there were 114 contestants registered, Miller said, more than last
year. He expects to see more sign up at the event. He credits the improving
economy and low gas prices for the uptick in interest, as more families are
willing to drive their fiddlers to the contest.

But they'll also bring plenty of local talent as well. Accompanying the fiddlers
will be three award-winning guitarists, all from the Inland Northwest: Darin
Meeks, Terry Ludiker and Rod Anderson. Among the local fiddle contestants is
Justin Sherfy, who won the junior national title last year. Contestants will
range in age from 4 to 90, Miller said.

Judges are sequestered, so they can't be influenced by how adorable the kids
look in their outfits. Contestants are judged purely on the music, Miller said -
their intonation, their timing and the danceability or groove. They'll have four
minutes to play three songs and cannot use sheet music.

This year, the contest has expanded its boundaries beyond its usual region of
eight northwestern states (Washington, Idaho, Oregon, Alaska, Montana, North
Dakota, South Dakota and Wyoming) and the three western-most Canadian provinces,
Miller said. As the only remaining "regional" contest left in the nation, it
made sense to open the doors to other contestants. Fiddlers from Utah and even
California have signed up to compete, he said.

The event will also feature a tribute to Tony Ludiker, a five-time national
champion fiddler from Spokane Valley who died in December at age 52. Miller
hopes to get a couple of the contest judges up on stage to perform some of the
songs Ludiker was known for, such as "Sally Goodin.'"

"He was very important to the fiddle community around here," he said. "He and
his ex-wife JayDean are one of the big reasons fiddling is still around here."

SIDEBAR:

IF YOU GO

47TH ANNUAL NORTHWEST REGIONAL FIDDLE CONTEST

What: More than 100 fiddlers of all ages compete for the chance to advance to
the National Oldtime Fiddlers Contest & Festival in Weiser, Idaho, in June.

When: Music begins at 8 a.m. Saturday and 9 a.m. Sunday

Where: Trent Elementary School, 3303 N. Pines Road, Spokane Valley

Cost: Admission: $5 adults, 10 and younger FREE; discounts for families
available

Info: http:northwestregionals.com/.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2014 Wednesday

Nebraska: Alasdair Fraser, Scottish Fiddle, with Cali McKasson, piano - Arts for
the Soul Series

LENGTH: 282  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:



When
Mar 21 2014 - 7:30pm to 9:30pm
About this event
Description:
Friday, March 21, 7:30 p.m. In collaboration with LAFTA (Lincoln Association for
Traditional Arts) Alasdair Fraser, Scotland's premier fiddle ambassador will be
performing on the Arts for the Soul series accompanied by innovative pianist
Cali McKasson. Fraser has a concert career spanning 30 years, with a long list
of accolades, television credits, and feature performances on top movie
soundtracks including Last of the Mohicans and Titanic. He has been featured on
nationally broadcast Performance Today, The Thistle & Shamrock, and Mountain
Stage. Well-known pianist Cali McKasson has performed many times with Fraser,
and is steeped in the Cape Breton and Scottish traditions. (Note: this concert
was originally publicized to include cellist Natalie Haas. Due to a scheduling
conflict she is no longer performing). "Alasdair Fraser is the Michael Jordan of
Scottish fiddling." ~ San Francisco Examiner Fiddle workshop at First
Presbyterian, Saturday, March 22 10:00 a.m.-1:00 p.m. (Free and open to the
public) Tickets: Adults: $18.00 Seniors: $15.00 Students: $8.00 Children 13 and
under: FREE Tickets at:

http://fpclincoln.org/music-home/arts-for-the-soul/alasdair-fraser-scottish-
fiddle-natalie-haas-cello/
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
http://fpclincoln.org/music-home/arts-for-the-soul/alasdair-fraser-scottish-
fiddle-natalie-haas-cello/
Location
First Presbyterian Church
840 S 17th St
68508 Lincoln, NE
United States
Phone: (402) 477-6037


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              July 24, 1981 Friday

Fiddle Dancer Boy   looks for Heresy win

BYLINE: LARRY MILLSON; GAM

LENGTH: 505 words


By  LARRY MILLSON
   Fiddle Dancer Boy and Wayover finished inches apart in the Queen's Plate
 three weeks ago. They are scheduled to meet for the first time since that
 memorable race tomorrow, in the $29,300 Heresy Stakes at Woodbine.

There is a difference. The Plate was at 1 1/4 miles on the dirt; the
 Heresy is one mile on the infield turf course, which, after the recent hot
 spell, looks as if it has been treated with Shake 'n Bake.

And this time, as Plate winner, Fiddle Dancer Boy is carrying top
 weight of 126 pounds, 11 more than Wayover. The Plate was at scale weights
 with the colts each carrying 126. Three other Plate runners, Al Sarab
 (fourth), More Spirit (eighth) and Le Grand Seigneur (sixth) are in the
 Heresy's 12-horse field. Sonofagov, a ship-in from Chicago trained by J.
 J. (Buddy) Sarner, looms as the mystery horse in the race after finishing
 second, beaten by a nose, in an allowance race at Arlington Park July 6 in
 his first start on turf.

Also entered in the Heresy are Assez Vite, America Salutes, Bad Rascal,
 August Manner, Play The Hornpipe and Overtime Score.

Several of the Canadian-breds in tomorrow's race for 3-year-olds are
 being prepared for the Aug. 8 Prince of Wales Stakes at Fort Erie, the
 second event in the Ontario Jockey Club's Triple Crown. Some, including
 Fiddle Dancer Boy, are eligible for an allowance race at Woodbine on
 Sunday. In fact, it was a last-minute decision to enter More Spirit.

Fiddle Dancer Boy caused a bit of a stir Monday morning when the
 webbing on his saddle broke. He broke loose when the exercise rider,
 Bernard Girault, fell off. But there isn't a mark on the colt.

In the Plate, Wayover snaked through the stretch, something trainer Joe
 Attard hopes he can correct.
   Regal Stone, a 2-year-old that Kinghaven Farm lost for a claiming price
 of $75,000 at Belmont Park in New York on June 18, won the $50,000-added
 Tremont Stakes at Belmont on Wednesday. The Kentucky-bred colt, by Native
 Royalty, ran the six furlongs in 1:10 2/5. Before Kinghaven took him to
 New York for the $75,000 claiming race, in which he finished second, he
 had been fourth at Hialeah Park in Florida, first in a maiden race at
 Greenwood and third to Deputy Minister in the Victoria Stakes at Woodbine
    Regal Stone was claimed from Kinghaven by trainer Jose Martin for the
 Flying Zee Stable. In his first start for his new owners, Regal Stone
 finished fourth in the Juvenile Stakes at Belmont, July 8.
   Lord Elgin, a disappointing last in the Canadian Maturity on Sunday,
 lost a shoe during the race. Trainer Trevor Swan didn't say anything about
 it because he felt it was no excuse for the colt's poor showing. . . .
 Sam-Son Farm paid $170,000 at Keeneland for a colt by Seattle Slew from
 the mare, Glenaris, consigned by Art Stollery. . . . Bill Graham of
 Windhaven sold a Sham-Majestic Kahala yearling colt for $170,000. . . .
 The Ontario division of the Horsemen's Benevolent and Protective
 Association has a general meeting scheduled for next Wednesday at the
 Woodbine sales pavilion.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            January 20, 2017 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

Happily settled in two worlds

BYLINE: DENNIS ANDERSON; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: OUTDOORS WEEKEND; Pg. 1OW

LENGTH: 1081 words



HIGHLIGHT: Once a fiddling-fool of a kid growing up in Minnesota's outdoors,
Nick Hoffman has run with his fire for music and hunting.


With music in his head and ambition in his heart, Nick Hoffman climbed aboard a
Greyhound bus, his clothes stuffed in a suitcase, a fiddle in his hand.

The year was 1997, and Hoffman, just 17 and a year short of graduating from
Anoka High School, was destined for something - though he didn't know exactly
what.

Left behind that day were his family and home near Nowthen, Minn., just north of
the Twin Cities, while ahead lay the first stop on what has turned out to be one
wild ride: Branson, Mo.

"I started playing fiddle when I was 4 years old," Hoffman said. "Let's put it
this way: I don't remember not playing fiddle. My Grandpa was a fiddler and my
Grandma was an old-time piano player. They got me started early."

Now 37, Hoffman was speaking by cellphone en route to the Nashville airport.
This was just before New Year's and he, along with his wife and fellow musician,
Natalie Murphy, and Damien Horne, a band mate in the Nashville-based group, The
Farm, were flying to Kuwait for the holiday weekend to entertain U.S. troops.

Not bad for a fiddling-fool of a kid who, when he wasn't making music, wandered
the woods near his Minnesota home, a BB gun in his hand.

"We had a little farm north of Nowthen, and I was in outdoors heaven," Hoffman
said. "I was free to move around through the woods, the corn and the lake that
surrounded our house. I loved it. I always felt called to the outdoors."

Now Hoffman, who grew up dreaming of someday playing in the Grand Ole Opry, and
whose big break in country music came when Kenny Chesney hired him to play
fiddle in his band - a gig that lasted more than 10 years - is fast preparing to
film the second season of his popular outdoors TV show.

Appropriately titled "Nick's Wild Ride," the show is broadcast on the Outdoor
Channel.

Essentially a cinematic adventure travelogue in which Hoffman does some hunting
along the way, and fiddling, "Nick's Wild Ride" strays far afield,
intentionally, from the more traditional hook 'em and cook 'em TV shows that at
times can seem a parody of themselves, sprinkled as they frequently are with
product placements and freebie acknowledgments.

Hoffman's approach has paid off: "Nick's Wild Ride" was the top-rated new show
on the Outdoor Channel last year.

"We didn't want to do just a show about hunting, though I love to hunt," Hoffman
said. "My idol for this type of show is Anthony Bourdain, who not only takes the
viewer to a different place with each new show to talk about food, but who digs
into the culture and explains what a place is all about. That's what we try to
do on 'Nick's Wild Ride.' "

A sampling of shows from the first 13-episode season makes the point.

In one, Hoffman stands in the rain alongside a country road, cold, wet and
anxious for his ride to show up. When an oversized touring bus stops, Hoffman
climbs aboard and is greeted by the country music legend Charlie Daniels.

Daniels has done some fiddling himself, and once settled in, with cameras
rolling, Hoffman engages Daniels about his life and times.

Then the two violinists duel on Daniels' "The Devil Went Down to Georgia." And
as one might expect of musicians who have played the Grand Ole Opry, as both
have, and who have performed before millions of people worldwide (again, both
have), each is a match for the other - and both are better than their evil
provocateur:

The devil bowed his head

Because he knew he'd been beat

He laid that golden fiddle

On the ground at Johnny's feet

Johnny said: Devil just come on

Back if you ever want to try again

I done told you once, you son of a bitch

I'm the best that's ever been

· · ·

All of which is pretty good, Hoffman figures, for a guy who still can't read a
note of music.

"When I ran away from home for Branson, I just wanted to play my fiddle," he
said. "My ultimate goal was to get to Nashville, which I had been dreaming about
ever since I saw Roy Acuff play the Grand Ole Opry on television when I was 12
years old."

In Branson, Hoffman caught on with a musical act owned by Dolly Parton. He
enjoyed it. But in time he returned home, earned his high school degree and
joined the cover band High Noon, playing gigs far and wide with that
well-regarded group, including the Winstock Country Music Festival in 1999.

The next year, he moved to Nashville, and soon after caught a break: Chesney was
looking for a fiddle player, and someone told the budding country music
superstar about a fiddler-runaway from Minnesota.

With Chesney, Hoffman has performed with many of his musical idols, including
Tim McGraw, George Jones, Dave Matthews and Kid Rock, among others.

All the while, whenever he could, Hoffman hunted. Sometimes pheasants. Other
times turkeys, deer, whatever.

"Through my music, I started to meet various outdoor TV celebrities, and
occasionally I would be invited to hunt with them on their shows," Hoffman said.
"This would happen once or twice a year. Usually I'd bring my fiddle and play
some, too, and pretty soon a producer suggested I get my own show."

Mitch Petrie is a talent scout for the Outdoor Channel.

"Who wouldn't want to watch a fiddle-playing, beer drinking, adventure-seeking
Minnesota-Norwegian from Nowthen, Minnesota?" Petrie said, noting that "Nick's
Wild Ride" was originally slated to appear on a rival network.

"I knew he was on to something special," Petrie said. "Nick is passionate,
extremely talented, and driven to succeed. It's these attributes and more that
make Nick a character people are drawn to."

Episodes from the 13-show first season of "Nick's Wild Ride" will air until
July, when the second season begins.

Finding time to balance the show and its required travel to far-flung locations
such as Africa, Britain, New Zealand and Argentina, along with a busy life of
writing, producing and performing music, is challenging.

"Right now, I'm more hunter than musician," he said. "I've got to find a way to
balance the two and still find a way to stay home with my lovely wife and
6-year-old daughter."

Nashville musician Danny Myrick writes and produces music with Hoffman. He said
the Minnesota-kid-turned-Nashville-fiddler-turned-TV-star will find a way to
make it work.

"Nick is one of the most diversely talented people I know and is driven to
succeed regardless of whether he is in a deer stand, in front of a camera, on a
stage or in the studio," Myrick said. "He's a straight shooter - and not just
with a bow or gun - and a guy I would trust with my life. That, and his wife is
awesome. He married way up.''

Dennis Anderson · 612-673-4424

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2017 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Valdosta Daily Times (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 24, 2013 Sunday

Berrien's Smithsonian

BYLINE: Dean Poling, The Valdosta Daily Times, Ga.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 570 words


March 24--NASHVILLE -- Berrien County will host a bit of the Smithsonian this
spring.

"New Harmonies: Celebrating American Roots Music" will be exhibited from its
opening on May 18 through June 29 in Nashville's Downtown Community Center.
Nashville is one of 12 Georgia cities selected for the national Smithsonian tour
which returns to Washington, D.C., in 2014.

Given the town's music history, Nashville, Ga., is an ideal spot for the tour to
stop.

Dawn Morrison, City of Nashville economic development director and Nashville
Better Hometown director, cites an 1875 Atlanta Daily Constitution newspaper
article: "Every other man in Berrien County is a fiddler. The other Saturday a
crowd of one hundred, more or less, collected in Nashville and see-sawed the
whole evening."

Sponsored by the Georgia Humanities Council and funded by Congress, the exhibit
will include a local display focusing on Berrien County music. Morrison says
this local angle was an essential part of the application process.

"We had to develop a local exhibit explaining the history of music in Berrien
County," she says. "The Berrien County Historical Foundation took this challenge
on and created a a beautiful exhibit to share with the public. We also had to
commit to being open to the public and offering the event free of charge. Last
was to write a narrative explaining why the exhibit should come to Nashville."

The Berrien County angle "defines the role music has played in Berrien County
and tells the story of many of Berrien County's musicians," according to show
information. "The Berrien Roots exhibit features a 90-foot photographic and
artifact display," according to the show's notes. "Berrien County has been a
hotbed of fiddle players throughout its history, with Hall of Famers Stanley
Bailey, Theo McClellan, Red Lindsey, and Robert Gaskins all claiming local
roots. Because of Berrien's history with the fiddle, the grand opening of the
exhibit on May 18 will feature a Fiddle Jam & Festival. Fiddlers from all over
Georgia have been invited to play at the festival. The official opening of the
exhibit will also be a salute to local fiddler Frank Maloy and his contribution
to the fiddle and string heritage of South Georgia."

The Berrien County Historical Foundation is preparing an additional exhibit to
be displayed in the historic 1898 county courthouse.

"Gospel music is also deep rooted in the Nashville area, from the earliest days
of singing schools taught by Martin Taylor and the Singing Taylor Family to the
more recent Southern gospel groups, the Sego Brothers & Naomi, The Georgians,
and the Paffords," according to event notes.

A concert series will be held during the exhibit period.

"This is huge for Nashville's art scene," Morrison says.

"The city does not have a local art gallery or a performing arts center so this
exhibit is a wonderful opportunity for our community.

Nashville is hungry for art and music events. The event will afford our young
people the opportunity to view a top-notch Smithsonian Institution Exhibit that
otherwise may not have been possible. Field trips have been scheduled for
elementary through high school students in order to expose as many students as
possible to the exhibit." More information: Call (229) 686-5527.

___ (c)2013 The Valdosta Daily Times (Valdosta, Ga.) Visit The Valdosta Daily
Times (Valdosta, Ga.) at www.valdostadailytimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130324-VD-Berrien-s-Smithsonian-0324-20130324

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VD


                    Copyright 2013 The Valdosta Daily Times


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            February 18, 2013 Monday

Fiddling Around Can Lead To Something

BYLINE: Tom Knapp / Voices

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 555  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


My boyhood dreams didn't include being in a band.

I didn't play guitar or other "cool" instruments in my youth.

I was a violinist in the school orchestra, which meant even geeks and gamers
were afraid to be seen with me.

It didn't help being shy. In an orchestra, at least, I was one person among
dozens. No one, except for my proud parents and grandma, was going to pick me
out of the crowd.

When I graduated from high school, I did the reasonable thing: tossed my violin
in a closet and ignored it for five years.

I tried my hand at a few other instruments, but nothing clicked. Then a friend
invited me to a jam session on his porch and suggested I bring "that old fiddle"
along.

Fiddle? Hmm.

So I did. To my surprise, I enjoyed myself.

I began playing for fun, with friends and in private. I started teaching myself
Irish fiddle tunes and listening to recordings - almost obsessively - to better
learn the style.

Then a guy asked me to substitute for an absent fiddler in his Irish band while
I was visiting him in California.

The bug had taken its first bite.

Soon my fiddle and I (and a cheap bodhran, or Irish drum, I'd picked up on a
lark) were jamming regularly in my living room with a pal who sang and played
guitar.

Sometimes, we talked about what we'd name our band.

I came up with "Fire in the Glen," the name of a tune I didn't know and a song I
didn't really like. I just liked the sound of it.

We were kidding. At least, I was.

When the phone rang and the woman on the other end told me she wanted to hire my
band, I was confused. "What band?" I asked. "Fire in the Glen," she replied.

At first, I was angry at my guitar-playing friend. I learned later that he'd
slipped my phone number to the manager of a bar that occasionally featured Irish
music.

Why my number and not his? I don't know. As revenge, I went ahead and booked the
show.

We had three weeks to come up with a three-hour show.

And man, it was fun.

The frantic scramble to learn new music. All-night rehearsals, fueled by pizza
and Guinness. The purchase of a new fiddle when I realized my old student model
was falling apart - and, to be honest, not really of a quality for solo
performances.

Whoa. That's when I realized I was pretty committed to this "band" concept,
since it would take quite a few gigs to pay off that investment. Was it worth
it?

Oh, yes.

I rediscovered my love of music, which flourished now that I numbered myself
among that elite crew of performers.

I came out of my shell, evolving from a quiet fellow who never spoke on stage to
an effusive chatterer who rarely shuts up between numbers.

(To bandmates, past and present, I apologize - and not just because of the
terrible jokes I often tell.)

It's been a good, long while since that first gig on March 17, 1999. I sometimes
can't believe I'm still playing fiddle in the band I started because of an
unexpected phone call.

And I'm gratified to have shared the stage with such talented personalities over
the years - from John Varner, with whom Fire in the Glen took its first halting
steps, to Chet Williamson, Jason Mundok and Aaron Gagne, who helped refine its
sound.

Fire in the Glen now features Amanda Wells and Michael Filippo - both talented
singers and multi-instrumentalists - to round out the trio.

Being in a band is also how I met my wife, Katie - but that's another story.

tknapp@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             March 17, 2013 Sunday

Young fiddlers shine in competition in Oroville

BYLINE: By CHRISTINA RAFAEL-Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 431 words


OROVILLE -- Liberty Durbin, 8, of Oroville, sat atop a ledge in front of
Oroville Municipal Auditorium Saturday and pulled her bright-blue violin to her
chin as her feet dangled above the sidewalk.

While rehearsing, she looked frustrated and let out audible huffs when she
flubbed a note to "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star," one of the handful of songs
she's committed to memory since picking up the instrument in December.

Like many of the young contestants at the 47th annual California State Old Time
Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and Picking Championship, Durbin has been
rehearsing in her room every day in the weeks leading up to this weekend's
competition and was excited to perform.

"This year we had young adults and juniors, but the 'junior juniors' beat 'em
out (in talent)," said Richard Doak, District 1 Fiddle Association member.

After being founded by Arlene Berg of Paradise, the association has expanded to
14 districts and the competition is divided into eight categories by age:
Senior-Senior (70 and up), Senior (60-69), Young Adults (18-36), Junior (13-17),
Junior-Junior (9-12), Pee-Wee (8 and under), Adult (37-59) and open (any ages).

During the competition, which began Friday and will end today, judges were
isolated in a separate room across from the stage so they could not see
contestants. Many in the room tapped their shoes to the beat as each fiddler's
three-song melody filtered in through a speaker.

Each contestant, in every division, was required to play three songs (a
hoe-down, waltz and "tune of choice") by memory and was judged in four
categories: danceability and rhythm, old-time style, difficulty and intonation
clarity of notes.

Though divisions separate players by age, every person learns the instrument
through lessons with similar songs and naturally progresses in talent, said
judge Jimi Beeler, who instructs through Houser's Music and California State Old
Time Fiddlers Association.

"A child who's only been playing for a couple of months is learning the same
thing that an adult is learning who's only been playing a couple of months,"
Beeler said.

Many of the fiddler players in younger divisions were accompanied by family
members and needed their microphones adjusted to accommodate their small
statures as they played their tunes for the crowd and judges.

As Durbin awaited her turn next to her instructor, she watched her competitors
perform advanced songs. Though the competitors had been playing longer, some
even for four years, she sat confident.

"There's a lot of people watching me ... at first I was nervous but now I'm
not," she said.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Finneas Colescott, 8, of Mount Shasta, practices with Darren Reitan of
Red Bluff before they compete in the 47th annual California State Old Time
Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and Picking Championship in Oroville on
Saturday.(Jason Halley/Staff Photo) All Chico E-R photos are available here .
Liberty Durbin, 8, of Oroville practices with Jimi Beeler before they compete in
the 47th annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and
Picking Championship in Oroville on Saturday.(Jason Halley/Staff Photo) All
Chico E-R photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 9, 1990, Friday, Final Edition

Camper Van's Big 'Pictures'

BYLINE: Geoffrey Himes

SECTION: WEEKEND; PAGE N25; SPOTLIGHT

LENGTH: 713 words


IT'S MISLEADING, but Camper Van Beethoven is best known in some quarters for its
half-mocking, half-affectionate version of "Pictures of Matchstick Men." The
young folk-punk quintet from California was attracted to this silly bit of
British psychedelic pop because it was so downright quirky and yet still made
the top 20 for the Status Quo in 1968. Virgin picked the song as the first
single from Camper Van Beethoven's new album, "Key Lime Pie," and it has become
a college-radio hit. The group performs Sunday at Georgetown University's Gaston
Hall.

"We've been doing 'Pictures of Matchstick Men' in our live shows for years,"
explains Camper Van Beethoven frontman David Lowery. "We're a little more
raucous live than we are on record; we like to do bad covers, songs we barely
know, songs by ZZ Top, the Chocolate Watchband and the like. Rock bands are too
serious on stage; they don't give their audiences credit for being a little
lighthearted. It doesn't ruin the mood if you screw around for a little bit and
then go back to being serious."

Camper Van Beethoven has had problems in the past, though, in creating the wrong
impressions with its novelty songs. Their 1985 debut album, "Telephone Free
Landslide Victory," was released on a tiny Los Angeles label, Independent
Project Records, but it quickly became an underground hit thanks to two wickedly
funny sendups of the punk-rock scene: "Where the Hell Is Bill?" and "Take the
Skinheads Bowling." Sounding like a tipsy Gypsy campfire band, Camper Van
Beethoven skewered the underground rock scene's pretensions with an insider's
astuteness.

But the disproportionate success of songs like "Pictures of Matchstick Men" and
"Where the Hell Is Bill?" have skewed public perceptions of Camper Van
Beethoven. The core of the band's repertoire is an ambitious, impressive hybrid
of ageless folk traditions, punk bluntness and '60s-rock experimentation. The
new album contains moody meditations on Reaganesque nostalgia, the desperation
of poor people playing the lottery and the murder of Lee Harvey Oswald. Acoustic
guitars and fiddles mix it up with a garage-rock rhythm section.

"I like fiddles," Lowery says. "The fiddle was the instrument that got left out
when country and blues got combined into rock 'n' roll. In all the old folk
tales from all over the world, the fiddle is either the instrument of the devil
or else you play the fiddle and the devil can't stop dancing."

The first kinds of music Lowery learned to play, he says, were bluegrass and
country.

"When I started playing rock 'n' roll, I could never understand why bands didn't
use fiddles and other different instruments to play all kinds of music. Today
each band just plays one subgenre of music. The Rolling Stones, the Beatles, the
Kinks used to play all kinds of music -- brass bands, string quartets, folk
guitar, everything. I always thought that was the way rock 'n' roll was supposed
to be."

Lowery grew up in Redlands, Calif., 70 miles east of Los Angeles. "Everyone
thinks of California as just the coastal cities," Lowery complains, "but the
rest of the state might as well be the Midwest. It looks like the Midwest, and
most of the people came from the Midwest, like my dad. We lived in the last town
before you get to the desert. There's a lot of country music out there."

Even when Lowery moved the fledgling Camper Van Beethoven to the beach town of
Santa Cruz in 1984, he still felt safely isolated from the overheated
underground rock scenes in Los Angeles and San Francisco. And just as Prince did
in the safe isolation of Minneapolis or the BoDeans did in the safe isolation of
Milwaukee, Camper Van Beethoven fashioned its own peculiar sound without undue
influence from the latest trends in L.A., New York and London.

"We got this bad attitude about the trends in the big cities," Lowery recalls,
"because the bands we'd been in could never get gigs in the big cities. We said
we're just going to make up our own kind of music. We just followed our
instincts; we played fake ethnic music and purposefully played it wrong so it
would get all mixed up with rock and maybe make some new kind of pop music. Lord
knows, if we had been in Hollywood at that time, we might have ended up as a
retro-heavy-metal band."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, CAMPER VAN BEETHOVEN, FROM LEFT: VICTOR KRUMMENACHER, CHRIS
PEDERSEN, MORGAN FICHTER, DAVID LOWERY AND GREG LISHER.

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                            April 16, 2014 Wednesday

Best bets in Marin County, April 17 through 24, 2014

BYLINE: Compiled by Nick Bensen Marin Independent Journal

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 250 words


Spirit of survival

The Ross Alternative Works (RAW) Spring Festival, usually a showcase for several
short theatrical pieces, presents the world premiere of one single play from
April 18 through 27 this year. In Mercedes Cohen's drama "Giovanni is Here," a
young Jewish dressmaker and the daughter of the Catholic family hiding her from
the Nazis in World War II Italy share lessons about hope, determination and how
to find joy under the most serious circumstances possible. Performances are at
Fridays and April 19, 2 and 8 p.m. April 26 and 2 p.m. April 27 at the Ross
Valley Players' Barn Theatre at the Marin Art & Garden Center at 30 Sir Francis
Blvd. in Ross. Tickets are $15. Call 456-9555 or go to www.ross
valleyplayers.com .

Fiddler's call

Originally from West Virginia, Blaine Sprouse was born to be a fiddler. After
starting with a glued-together instrument he found in a dumpster, Spouse moved
to a proper fiddle and bow at age 11. He honed his craft by following Bill
Monroe's band around regional bluegrass festivals. Sprouse's masterful style
gained attention on Alabama's hit country single "If You're Gonna Play in Texas
(You Gotta Have a Fiddle in the Band)." He plays his signature fiddle, along
with some guitar and mandolin, in a show blending bluegrass, swing, jazz and
folk with guests including Tim Weed, Sharon Gilchrist and Paul Knight at 8 p.m.
April 19 at the Dance Palace at 503 B St. in Point Reyes Station. Tickets are
$10 to $20. Call 663-1075 or go to www.dancepalace.org .

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Blaine Sprouse performs at 8 p.m. April 19 at the Dance Palace in Point
Reyes Station. Courtesy of Dan Mankin
Maria (Arden Kilzer) and Belle (Jocelyn Roddie) in 'Giovanni is Here' running
from April 18 through 27 at the Ross Valley Players' Barn Theatre in Ross. Photo
by Mercedes Cohen

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2014 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            October 13, 2006 Friday
                                Michigan Edition

Eclectic Verch fiddles with Ottawa Valley traditions

BYLINE: By KAREN RIVERS, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: WEEKEND; WEEKEND; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 550 words


A rural place of rolling hills and thriving wilderness, the Ottawa Valley sits
tucked up north in Ontario. Once driven by the logging industry, the valley drew
immigrants from Ireland, Scotland, Germany and France. Late at night in the
lumber camps, workers traded fiddle tunes, and a musical tradition was born.

Also born into this beautiful place: singer/step dancer/fiddle player April
Verch.

Verch's sound and performance style draw from her Ottawa roots while offering a
flair that's all her own. Sunday, she performs at The Livery in Benton Harbor.

Asked for her take on her home turf, the 27-year-old says it seems as if the
Ottawa Valley is a generation behind -- in a good way.

"There's a strong sense of community, and that's why we have fiddling and step
dancing (there)," she says by telephone from a tour stop in Nashville, Tenn.

Both of those art forms came from social settings, she says, and they still
thrive in social settings today.

Verch got her first fiddle for her 6th birthday and started dancing at a young
age, too. She recorded and self-released two albums by the time she graduated
from high school. Verch went on to Boston's Berklee School of Music but left
after a year to pursue her career.

Since then, Verch has been touring, recording and refining her sound. At heart,
her albums are traditional, but they reveal a passion for many types of music.
There's a little bluegrass here, a little jazz influence there, some experiments
with Brazilian rhythms.

With her newest effort, "Take Me Back," Verch says she wanted to tap into a
broader market. She added some mainstream instrumentation (drums and an electric
guitar) but didn't go so far as to put a pop beat behind a fiddle tune. And on
this album she shows off her voice more than ever before.

Tracks on the CD include covers of a few Julie Miller songs, original
instrumentals and Verch's honoring of a few traditional tunes from the Ottawa
Valley.

Eclectic as her albums tend to be, Verch says she is always pulling from her
base: the Ottawa Valley sound.

It's a hard thing to define, but she gives it a go.

"It's a very articulate sound. There's not an emphasis on playing smoothly.
There's more an emphasis on driving rhythm," she says. "If you're not making
someone tap their toe or get up and dance, you're not doing it right."

As for the Ottawa Valley style of step dancing, she says it reminds some people
of tap, others of clogging or Irish hard shoe. It's very high energy with lots
of hopping, and it isn't straight-backed like other kinds of step dance.

Verch is actually able to play her fiddle and step dance at the same time. This
trick used to be pretty unusual, but she says there seem to be more people doing
it. What makes Verch a little different, however, is that she isn't just doing
one basic move over and over, she's actually using her feet as a kind of
instrument, creating a counter beat with her steps.

Verch will have her band of three, which includes husband and percussionist Marc
Bru, at The Livery.

The band will be pulling a lot from the new CD, and she says that although all
the tunes will feel like roots music, the set will offer a wide variety of
sounds.

After all, she jokes, even for a serious fiddle fan, two hours is a lot
fiddling.

Staff Writer Karen Rivers: krivers@sbtinfo.com (574) 235-6442

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fiddler April Verch performs Sunday at The Livery in Benton Harbor.
Photo provided
In concert April Verch performs at 8 p.m. Sunday at The Livery, 190 Fifth St.,
Benton Harbor. Tickets are $15. For more information, call (269) 925-8760, or
visit the Web site  www.liverybrew.com .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             May 13, 2010 Thursday

Rising stars Bearfoot coming to Hooker-Dunham

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 337 words


Thursday May 13, 2010

BRATTLEBORO -- Twilight Music presents an evening of bluegrass, Americana and
roots music with Bearfoot at Hooker-Dunham Theater & Gallery, 139 Main St., on
Sunday at 7:30 p.m.

The Anchorage, Alaska, quintet features Kate Hamre (acoustic bass), Mike
Mickelson (guitar), Jason Norris (mandolin), Angela Oudean (fiddle) and Odessa
Jorgensen (vocals/fiddle).

Bearfoot s rise from players in Alaska s small but vibrant music scene to an
established national touring band has been nothing short of meteoric. A mere two
years after their initial meeting teaching at their namesake s bluegrass camp
for kids, Bearfoot earned one of roots music s most prestigious awards --
Telluride Bluegrass Band Champions -- an honor they share with Dixie Chicks and
Nickel Creek. Soon after, they were touring extensively during summer breaks and
becoming crowd favorites at prestigious festivals including Wintergrass, Grey
Fox, Strawberry Festival, and six consecutive years at RockyGrass.

Although Bearfoot has nine years, major festivals and three albums under their
belt, their latest CD "Doors and Windows," contains many firsts. This is the
first Bearfoot CD to feature guest musicians, in this case Andrea Zonn of James
Taylor Band (fiddle), Andy Hall of The Infamous Stringdusters (dobro), Alison
Brown (banjo) and Larry Atamanuik, whose drums also represent another Bearfoot
first.

The band, all of whom sing, have also elected to rely more on a lead singer
approach, with newest member Odessa Jorgensen taking charge of the vocals.
California-born fiddle player and vocalist Jorgensen, formerly a member of The
Biscuit Burners, joined Bearfoot in 2008.

Produced by Compass Records  Garry West, "Doors and Windows" has 11 gorgeous
songs steeped in the bluegrass music tradition but unafraid to befriend other
genres.

Tickets for this show are $16 general, $14 for students and seniors. For ticket
reservations and information, call 802-254-9276. For more information, visit
www.bearfootband.com and www.twilightmusic.org .

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 19, 1995, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

By the numbers / Points mean wins when everything is all added up

BYLINE: David DuPree

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9C

LENGTH: 940 words


Every coach in the league will swear that defense wins games in the playoffs,
but it's still the regular season and scoring a lot of points seems to be the
best way to win.

The top five scoring teams in the NBA - Orlando, Seattle, Phoenix, San Antonio
and Utah - also have the five best records in the NBA, a combined 282-110
(.720).

The five lowest-scoring teams - Cleveland, Minnesota, Philadelphia, Atlanta and
the Los Angeles Clippers - are a combined 141-252 (.360). The Clippers,
Timberwolves and 76ers are lottery teams.

Of the big scorers, no one has won fewer than 56 games, and the best low-scoring
team has only 41 wins.

-- Other keys to success are assists and free throw attempts. Going into the
final week, only three teams had accumulated at least 2,000 assists - Orlando,
27.9 a game; Utah, 27.4; and Phoenix, 26.8.

-- Only four teams get to the foul line at least 30 times a game - Seattle,
Orlando, San Antonio and Utah.
Most free throw attempts             Fewest free throw attempts
Team                 Att.            Team         Att.
Seattle              31.4            Atlanta      23.2
San Antonio          30.7            Detroit      23.8
Orlando              30.4            Cleveland    24.3
Utah                 30.2            Washington   24.4

-- Which is the best-shooting team in the NBA this season? One way to figure
that is add field goal percentage, free throw percentage and three-point
percentage. Whichever team has the highest number is the best shooting team.
With that in mind, here are the three best-shooting and three worst-shooting
teams in the league this season:

Best team shooting percentage (rank in parenthesis)
Team            FG%            3-pt FG%      FT%            Total
Utah            51.4 (1)       37.6 (6)      77.6 (tie,1)   166.6
Charlotte       47.3 (10)      40.0 (1)      77.6 (tie, 1)  164.9
Seattle         49.3 (3)       37.8 (5)      76.1 (5)       163.2

Worst team shooting percentage (rank in parenthesis)
Team            FG%           3-pt FG%         FT%         Total
L.A. Clippers   44.3 (24)     31.1 (27)        70.6 (24)   146.0
Portland        44.8 (21)     36.6 (16)        69.9 (26)   151.3
Golden State    47.0 (11)     33.9 (23)        70.4 (25)   151.3

THE 170 CLUB: With one week to go in the regular season, how about a look back
at the exclusive 170 Club? To refresh your memory, to qualify, a player has to
shoot at least 50% from the field, 40% from three-point range and 80% from the
foul line. (Add 'em up: 50+40+80 = 170). Only three players have maintained
their membership this late in the season - Seattle forward Detlef Schrempf, 190,
and Utah guards John Stockton and Jeff Hornacek, 181 each (rank in parenthesis):
Player, team         FG%      3-pt. FG%    FT%
Schrempf, Seattle    53 (15)  54 (1)       83 (26)
Hornacek, Utah       52 (19)  41 (19)      88 (9)
Stockton, Utah       55 (8)   46 (4)       80 (NR)

IRONMEN: Only 15 players have started every game this season and two teams,
Seattle and Utah, had two players each do it - Detlef Shrempf and Gary Payton of
the Sonics and Karl Malone and John Stockton of the Jazz. The others are Hersey
Hawkins of Charlotte, B.J. Armstrong of Chicago, Dikembe Mutombo of Denver,
Vlade Divac of the L.A. Lakers, Glen Rice of Miami, Derek Harper of New York,
Dana Barros of Philadelphia, Buck Williams of Portland, Mitch Richmond of
Sacramento, Avery Johnson of San Antonio and Vin Baker of Milwaukee.

Baker also leads the NBA in minutes per game and is one of only three players
averaging more than 40 minutes. The leaders:
Player, team                     Minutes
Vin Baker, Milwaukee             40.8
Dana Barros, Philadelphia        40.4
Latrell Sprewell, Golden State   40.2
Larry Johnson, Charlotte         39.9
Hakeem Olajuwon, Houston         39.8

WHEN IN DOUBT, SHOOT: Going into the final week, only two players have taken
more than 1,500 shots (Shaquille O'Neal of Orlando and Jamal Mashburn of
Dallas); three have taken more than 500 three-pointers (Mookie Blaylock of
Atlanta, John Starks of New York and Dan Majerle of Phoenix); and three have
taken 650 or more free throws (O'Neal, David Robinson of San Antonio and Karl
Malone of Utah).

THIRD FIDDLE: Five players who were third fiddle on their own teams, yet had key
seasons that made their teams winners:

-- Nick Anderson, Orlando: third fiddle to Shaquille O'Neal and Anfernee
Hardaway; 43% from three-point range (171-410), 15.9 points, 4.5 rebounds and
4.1 assists.

-- Toni Kukoc, Chicago: third fiddle to Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen; 50%
from field, 15.9 points, 5.5 rebounds and 4.6 assists and has played three
positions.

-- Detlef Schrempf, Seattle: third fiddle to Shawn Kemp and Gary Payton; 54%
from three-point range, best in NBA; 19.1 points, 6.2 rebounds and 3.8 assists
and has played four positions.

-- Derrick McKey, Indiana: third fiddle to Reggie Miller and Rik Smits; 13.4
points, 4.9 rebounds, 3.5 assists; is team's best defender and has played four
positions.

-- Vlade Divac, L.A. Lakers: third fiddle to Cedric Ceballos and Nick Van Exel;
leads all centers in assists with 4.1; averages 16.1 points, 10.5 rebounds and
2.2 blocked shots.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Porter Binks, USA TODAY

NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 29, 1981 Saturday

Fiddle dances through workout

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 447 words


Queen's Plate winner Fiddle Dancer Boy worked a mile in 1:41 3/5 yesterday
 morning on Woodbine's main track in preparation for next Saturday's
 Breeders' Stakes.

Under jockey David Clark, Fiddle Dancer Boy galloped out the 1 1/8
 miles in 1:55 4/5.
    "He needed the work," trainer Jim Bentley said. "He was blowing a
 little, but he's really good right now."
    Fiddle Dancer Boy, owned by Jack Carmichael, went three furlongs in 36
 2/5 seconds, a half in 48 3/5, six furlongs in 1:15 and seven furlongs in
 1:28 4/5.

Sandy Hawley will fly in from California to ride Fiddle Dancer Boy in
 the Breeders', which is 1 1/2 miles on Woodbine's turf course and is the
 third event in the Ontario Jockey Club's Triple Crown for 3-year-olds.
 Fiddle Dancer Boy won the first event, the Queen's Plate, and finished
 third in the second event, the Prince of Wales at Fort Erie, won by Cadet
 Corps, after serious traffic problems.

Clark, who has ridden Fiddle Dancer Boy all season, missed the Prince
 of Wales because of a broken rib and bruised leg suffered in a training
 accident. Dan Beckon had the mount in the Prince of Wales.
    "Mr. Carmichael was concerned that David's ribs would still be painful,
 especially in a long race such as the Breeders', when he'll have to sit
 against this horse to rate him," Bentley said. "We decided to go for
 Hawley, one of the best in North America. I think David showed the class
 ride that he is by showing up in the rain this morning to work Fiddle
 Dancer Boy, knowing that the mount was Hawley's. Not many riders would do
 that, and I wouldn't have blamed him if he elected not to work the colt
 this morning. He's a gentleman."
    Fiddle Dancer Boy continues to have foot problems. The bar shoe has
 been removed from his right front foot, but now blacksmith Frank Huarte
 has put one on the left front.
    "He has developed just a slight crack near the heel of the foot,"
 Bentley says. "And the bar shoe was put on as a precaution. We don't want
 the crack spreading. We'll take the bar shoe off for the Breeders'."
    Hawley will ride at Woodbine only next Saturday. He will return to
 California after the Breeders' to avoid any problems in reaching Del Mar,
 where he rides Eleven Stitches on Monday.

At Fort Erie this weekend, the feature races are both on turf. Today,
 it is the Nassau Stakes for fillies and mares, at 1 1/16 miles, and
 tomorrow, it is the Summer Stakes, at one mile, for 2-year-olds.

Avenare, winner of the Victoriana at Woodbine in July, has been shipped
 to Fort Erie from New York. John Sikura has a strong entry in Turnablade
 and the 3-year-old Suave Princess, which had traffic troubles last weekend
 in the International Stakes against colts.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            March 18, 2009 Wednesday

A.M. STIR

SECTION: Pg. E-2

LENGTH: 654 words


ITUNES

TOP DOWNLOADED SONGS AS OF MONDAY

1. Right Round Flo Rida

2. Poker Face Lady GaGa

3. Kiss Me Thru the Phone Soulja Boy Tell 'Em

4. The Climb Miley Cyrus

5. My Life Would Suck Without You Kelly Clarkson

6. Here Comes Goodbye Rascal Flatts

7. Gives You Hell The All-American Rejects

8. Dead and Gone (feat. Justin Timberlake) T.I.

9. Heartless Kanye West

10. I Love College Asher Roth

CONTEST

IS JACKSONVILLE MAN AMERICA'S HOTTEST HUSBAND?

Doug Robbins of Jacksonville is on the shortlist for Redbook's annual Hottest
Husband contest, according to a news release from the magazine.

Robbins, who according to the magazine's Web site is a FedEx pilot and father of
four, is among 25 finalists from around the country. Readers can vote online at
www.redbookmag.com/hothusbands2009. The release says Robbins is 45 years old and
that his wife of 20 years, Ivonne, nominated him.

Times-Union

SAYINGS

YOU'RE FIT AS A FIDDLE, BUT WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?

Fits like a glove. Fits and starts. If the shoe (originally: cap) fits, wear it.
Fit to be tied. Fit as a fiddle.

We know the meanings of these sayings and can guess their references, except for
the last.

Fit as a fiddle? Healthy, yes, but why?

Sounds like a question for Bob Bohlken, retired semantics and linguistics
professor at Northwest Missouri State University and a collector of such
sayings. He wrote "Listening to Rural Midwestern Idiom/Folk Sayings."

Although people have been fumbling over the origin of "fit as a fiddle" forever
- pure nonsense, maybe, or just a phrase that sounds good - Bohlken thinks it
indeed refers to a violin and "fit" stands for "finely tuned."

Let's go with that.

So here's hoping you're "fit as a fiddle" and even "in fine fettle."

McClatchy Newspapers

POP QUOTE

GUESS THE MOVIE

Here's a quote from a movie that was popular sometime in the past 100 years. You
can figure out which movie it is, or you can just keep whispering the words to
yourself all day long trying to link them to something. (And yes, we know you
could just Google it, but that's a little something we call "not in the spirit
of the challenge.")

I am going to go with the balloon animal display. For the kids. And then when
she comes close to check it out, guess who is the broken man, haunted past? How
about you?

Answer: Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn), "The Wedding Crashers"

TRENDS

WHY WE LOVE BRITNEY'S STYLE

So what if her latest concert reviews are lukewarm? When it comes to what
counts, and that would be marketing, the divine Ms. Spears still has what it
takes to rule the (tween) world.

There will be more than 40 products for sale on the pop machine's "Circus" tour,
according to britneyspears.com, including velour sweat suits, top hats "and
much, much more!"

We've got our eyes on that "Womanizer" short-sleeved T-shirt, the one with red
hearts pierced by daggers, tattoo-style calligraphy and attached form-fitting
sleeves that give the illusion of (gasp!) real arm tattoos.

The only negative, from our point of view, is that the shirt is currently
exclusive to the "Circus" tour, meaning adults craving the T-shirts may have to
attend actual concerts, or strike deals with those who do

But enough about us. Here are the Top 10 reasons true-blue Brit fans are going
to be snatching up that "Womanizer" T-shirt.

10. Their parents are going to be seriously freaked out when they see those arm
tattoos.

9. Their parents won't be that freaked out, even old people can tell those
tattoo sleeves are fake.

8. OMG! That shirt is so freakin' HOT!

7. Nothing says "I went to the concert" like this T-shirt. Or maybe a
refrigerator magnet.

6. If Brit can get up there and lip-sync every night, the least fans can do is
wear a fake tattoo.

5. Real tattoos are for college.

4. The emo kids are going to be seriously bummed when they see Britney fans
ripping off their tattoo-sleeve trend.

3. The cute guy in math class might notice.

2. Their friends will be sooo jealous.

1. A fake tattoo goes great with a fake top hat!

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
No caption

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Florida Times-Union


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                            November 2, 2009 Monday

Musicians compete at Glenfiddich contests

BYLINE: Ross Davidson

SECTION: NEWS; ENTS; Music; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 179 words


MUSICIANS from across the world took part in the Glenfiddich Piping and Fiddle
Championships at the weekend.

The competitions, which were held at Blair Castle in Perthshire, involved eight
fiddlers and 10 pipers competing on Saturday and Sunday.

Stuart Liddell, 36, of Banks of Loch Fyne, Inveraray, came top in the piping
championships.

He said: "I am absolutely delighted to have won this year's Glenfiddich title.

"In the professional world of solo piping, it is without doubt the ultimate
accolade and it has been an incredible honour not just to win, but to compete
alongside such exceptional talent."

Aberdeenshire fiddle player Nicola Auchnie came second in the fiddle competition
for the second year in a row.

Miss Auchnie, 22, of North Cliftbog, Turriff, said: "I'm delighted to have come
second again.

"It is an honour to be invited, and this year I have enjoyed it even more as my
experience of last year meant that I had gained more confidence in playing in
such a prestigious competition."

Rebecca Lomnicky, from Oregon, USA, took first place in the fiddle championship.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2009 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Penrith Press (Friday) (Australia)

                             March 31, 2006 Friday

Fiddles for all at fun-filled festival

SECTION: Pg. 25

LENGTH: 221  words


FIDDLES will be firing when artists from around the world converge on Hawkesbury
for the National Fiddle Festival.

From April 7 to 9 there will be horse riding fiddlers, roller skating fiddlers
and even a flying fiddle among the 100 musicians in jazz, bluegrass, Celtic and
gypsy.

Australia's only High School Chinese Orchestra from Penleigh Essendon Grammar
School in Melbourne will be led by teacher Shen Pangeng.

The majority of the 23 members from Year 7 to Year 12 are of European descent
and have mastered traditional Chinese instruments such as the erhu (two-string
fiddle), sheng (mouth organ), ziue (flute) and zheng (dulcimer).

Also at the festival will be ''classical drop out'' Nigel Maclean, who travelled
to Australia before studying at Berklee College in the United States. He has
since gone on to collect the Australian Bluegrass Fiddle Champion award in
Tamworth and lead the Elizabeth film score.

Martin Lass returns after five years playing to great reviews in New York, and
rising star Daniel Weltlinger will also appear.

Students of all ages are invited to enjoy the free concert on Friday, April 7,
featuring George Washingmachine.

Friday is also Seniors Day with free entry for senior citizens before 2pm with a
matinee concert at 1.30pm.

For details and tickets, visit www.fiddlefestival.com or phone 4576 7023.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FPP


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            February 10, 2008 Sunday
                                 State Edition

Violinist Mark O'Connor expertly blends American music genres

BYLINE: Brandon Cobb AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: LIFE & ARTS; Pg. J08

LENGTH: 842 words


This being an election year, there is lot of talk about bringing people
together. But it isn't only the politicians who are reaching across the aisle.
Virtuoso violinist Mark O'Connor is revered by classical enthusiasts and folkies
alike for forging a new vision for American contemporary music by blurring the
lines between American folk, classical and jazz.

His Wednesday concert is sure to bring out the classical music sophisticates as
well as Appalachian hoedown regulars.

"Most fiddle players I know started off with Mark's books. I would learn
something like the 'Beaumont Rag,' then go to Mark's book for soloing ideas,"
says Elana James, a top-notch Austin fiddle player who had the opportunity to
play with O'Connor at a taping of "A Prairie Home Companion."

O'Connor has garnered the respect of his contemporaries for not only virtuoso
playing but his role as mentor to many aspiring musicians at his annual
Tennessee Fiddle Camp. Phoebe Hunt, last year's recipient of the Daniel Pearl
Memorial Violin award and fiddler with Austin's Belleville Outfit, has studied
with O'Connor at the camp for two years.

"It's really inspirational to see someone play with such virtuosity in so many
different genres," Hunt says. "His music bridges the gap between these different
styles of music, which is really a bridge between cultures. It's that kind of
ideology that brought our country together and what makes Mark's music really
American."

I spoke with O'Connor about his latest work, the acclaimed "Americana Symphony,"
and how looking back on American history is helping him shape the music of the
future.

Austin American-Statesman: It's been a while since you've been to Austin. Are
you excited to be coming back?

O'Connor: Oh, yes. Central Texas really reminds me of the sound of the Texas
fiddle. My first great mentor was Benny Thomasson, who was from Arlington. He
was one of the greatest fiddle players. Texas fiddle music was my principle
love, the music I entered fiddle competitions with as a teenager.

You've had some incredible teachers over the years.

I have. In fact, the last time I was in Austin was about four years ago with my
Hot Swing group with Frank Vignola and Julian Lage. That was a tribute to my
second great mentor, Stephane Grappelli. Benny Thomasson and he were the two
big-time mentors who bookended my childhood years.

You've become something of a mentor to younger players with your annual
Tennessee Fiddle Camp. How do you enjoy teaching?

Playing with these young musicians has been one of the greatest things over the
last few years. There is lots of exciting energy there. I really feel like we
are shaping musical careers there. Having that kind of influence is incredible.

We also conduct an annual string conference in San Diego which adds a cello and
viola to the mix. We're going to introduce another conference in New York City
in 2009.

Your list of collaborations reads like a 'Who's Who' of contemporary music. Are
there any other collaborative efforts on the horizon?

I recently recorded a guitar/violin duet with Sharon Isbin entitled "Strings and
Threads." That should be out sometime this year. I've also recently been
commissioned to write a guitar concerto for Elliot Fisk.

Your 'Americana Symphony' is a portrait of American westward expansion. To what
extent does history shape your compositions?

As a student of traditional music, I've always thought you have to look back to
go forward. With the "American Symphony" I was able to distill a compositional
concept I've been working on for 20 years - this idea of starting on the East
Coast and traveling west and capturing all the optimism and hardship that was
involved in that.

You are known for playing myriad different styles. How did these styles come
together for you while you were composing?

In my career I've tried to find the similarities in music, rather than focus on
differences. One of the things I discovered early on was that the great American
musical innovators were also great cross-pollinators of music. Texas swing, for
example, the music that Bob Wills and Johnny Gimble created, is a mixture of
jazz from Chicago, Dixieland from New Orleans, old-time fiddle music from
Appalachia with some Hispanic influences.

I feel like I've come along with my music at a good time. We've come out of an
era of isolated musical tendencies into a time like the '30s and '40s where
there was a real mixture of music going on. Right now I'm loving composing more
and more music and expanding this American style.

After composing such a massive work, how does it feel to be returning to the
stage?

Well, I composed the "Americana Symphony" for 10 months, and when I got done I
realized that I really missed my violin. I started practicing again vigorously,
something I really hadn't done for a long time.

I think I'm a better player now.

Mark O'Connor
 When: 8 p.m. Wednesday
 Where: Bates Recital Hall on the University of Texas campus
 Tickets: $17 for the general public, $15 for UT faculty/staff, $10 for
students and are available at the door
 Information: 471-5401



LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 15, 2009 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

A Different Sort of Tap Dance

BYLINE: Story and Photographs by Mark Gail {vbar} Washington Post Staff
Photographer

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. 01

LENGTH: 298 words


The sounds of bows drawn across the strings of a dozen fiddles and the tapping
of feet filled the media center Saturday at St. Mary's Ryken High School during
a "fiddle and feet" workshop.

The public session was among three taught by the members of Genticorum, an
acoustic trio from Montreal that sings in Quebecois French. The group also
performed that evening at the school in Leonardtown.

Other workshops, held as part of the fifth annual Winter Celtic Festival of the
Celtic Society of Southern Maryland, covered guitar, flute and penny whistle.

Teaching the fiddle and feet class was Genticorum's Pascal Gemme. As he played
the fiddle, his foot tapping resembled clogging, although he was sitting down.

The class of fiddlers, who ranged from elementary school students to people in
their mid-50s, learned two tunes and the foot-tapping patterns to go with the
upbeat music.

Among them was JoAnn Dullahan, 53, who said she drove to Leonardtown from Fort
Washington. She said she took up the fiddle after listening to her daughter take
lessons for 12 years.

"I decided to have some fun and do something different after my 50th birthday,
and I have been playing for a couple years now," Dullahan said. "When you play
this type of music, it just puts you in a good mood."

For others looking to experience Celtic heritage, the Celtic Society of Southern
Maryland has two other upcoming events, said Sarah Brenzo, the group's
president.

The 13th annual Robert Burns Night is Saturday at the SpringHill Suites in
Prince Frederick. The event will honor the Scottish poet's 250th birthday with
food and music.

The 31st annual Celtic Festival and Highland Gathering is scheduled for April 25
at Jefferson Patterson Park in St. Leonard.

Send suggestions for Maryland Moments topics to gailm@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Pascal Gemme of the Montreal-based trio Genticorum gives a "
fiddle and feet" lesson Saturday in Leonardtown. JoAnn Dullahan, below, who took
up the fiddle a few years ago, was among the students.
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Music in the Parlor (March 26)

BYLINE: Silver City Sun-News

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 138 words


Saturday Afternoon Music in the Parlor: From 1 to 2 p.m. April 25 at the Silver
City Museum, 312 W. Broadway St. Eileen Sullivan will play traditional Irish
fiddle music in the Ailman Family Parlor. Relax in Victorian elegance while
enjoying the music of one of Silver City's finest local musicians. Sullivan is a
graduate of the Wisconsin Conservatory of Music. She plays and teaches
traditional Irish fiddle. She taught the course "Introduction to Traditional
Irish Music" through the Western Institute of Lifelong Learning and has taught
Irish fiddle workshops for the N.M. Musical Heritage Project at the University
of New Mexico in Albuquerque, Cascadia Irish Music Week in Washington State and
for Silver City's Pickamania! Her music is spirited, heartfelt and grounded in
the Irish music tradition. Free. Info: 575-538-5921.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Eileen Sullivan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Fox Valley Folk fest expands offerings with Saturday shows

BYLINE: Fox Valley Folklore Society

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 345 words


Illinois' largest folk festival is about to get larger.

This year, the Fox Valley Folk Music and Storytelling Festival will expand its
offerings with concert stages in downtown Geneva on Saturday, Aug. 31.

The festival, now in its 37th year, is traditionally held the Sunday and Monday
of Labor Day weekend in Geneva's Island Park. This expansion into Saturday will
introduce downtown shoppers to a few of the artists who will be performing on
Sunday and Monday, Sept. 1-2.

Free Saturday performances include:

* 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m., February Sky, Geneva Bank and Trust Stage, 514 W.
State St.;

* 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m., Regional folk music organization performers, Joschel
Plaza, South Third Street and Crescent, at the Metra depot;

* 12:30 to 2:30 p.m., Locust Honey String Band, Kane County Courthouse Lawn, 100
S. Third St.

From 7 to 9 p.m. Saturday, the annual live Radio broadcast on WFMT 98.7-FM
features more festival artists in a live show that is open to the public. The
show is broadcast from the 155-year-old Unitarian Universalist Society Chapel,
102 S. Second St., and is also streamed live on the Internet. Advance tickets
for the broadcast are $20 for adults and $15 for seniors, students and
volunteers; at the door, if available, tickets are $25/20.

The broadcast's featured artists include Ben Bedford, Harpeth Rising, Jeni and
Billy, Locust Honey, Zoe Mulford, Sparky and Rhonda Rucker.

The festival continues from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sunday and Monday, Sept. 1 and 2,
at Geneva's Island Park, Route 38 and the Fox River. It will present folk music,
dance and storytelling on eight stages featuring more than 36 Midwestern and
national folk music and storytelling acts. Concerts, hands-on teaching, dancing
and topical workshops are part of the event. Sunday evening features an Old-Time
Community Barn Dance from 6 to 7:30 p.m., and ghost stories in the big tent from
7:30 to 10 p.m. Suggested admission is $15 per day for adults, $10 for teens and
elders; children younger than 12 are admitted free.

For tickets or information, call (630) 897-3655 or visit .

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John Starks/jstarks@dailyherald.comRay Henaughan plays the fiddle and
Dave Simpson of St. Charles plays guitar in an impromptu jam by the Fox River
Monday. John Starks/jstarks@dailyherald.comRay Henaughan plays the fiddle and
Dave Simpson of St. Charles plays guitar in an impromptu jam by the Fox River
Monday.John Starks/jstarks@dailyherald.comTony Scarimbolo, of Harwood Heights,
plays the banjo while Cyndy Richardson, of Wilmette, plays the fiddle in the
shade by the Fox River Monday. John Starks/jstarks@dailyherald.comTony
Scarimbolo, of Harwood Heights, plays the banjo while Cyndy Richardson, of
Wilmette, plays the fiddle in the shade by the Fox River Monday. John
Starks/jstarks@dailyherald.com
 Even though its downtown is some distance from the Fox River, Geneva always has
been mindful of the river's potential. Here's a view from the annual Fox Valley
Folk Music and Storytelling Festival at Island Park. John
Starks/jstarks@dailyherald.com, 2012
 Tony Scarimbolo of Harwood Heights plays the banjo while Cyndy Richardson of
Wilmette plays the fiddle in the shade by the Fox River at the 36th annual Fox
Valley Folk Music and Storytelling Festival at Island Park in Geneva. This
year's festival takes place Saturday and Sunday, Sept. 1-2, with additional
shows added in downtown Geneva Saturday, Aug. 31.

 John Starks/jstarks@dailyherald.com, 2012
 Ray Henaughan plays the fiddle with Dave Simpson of St. Charles on guitar in an
impromptu jam by the Fox River at the 36th annual Fox Valley Folk Music and
Storytelling Festival at Island Park in Geneva. More than 120 performers are
expected at this weekend's show.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 29, 1991, Saturday, Final Edition

Dance;
The Heady Foot & Fiddle

Alan M. Kriegsman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE C8

LENGTH: 456 words


Along with the great tap revival of recent decades has come a burgeoning
appreciation of the manifold varieties of percussive dance. Anyone who caught
either or both of the Wolf Trap performances last week of the American Indian
Dance Theatre and the Russian Village Festival can testify to the worldwide
dispersion of such choreographic species. At the same time, our theatrical
stages are being invaded by kinds of dancing formerly to be seen only on city
streets, in clubs or cabarets, in ballrooms or dance halls, or at country fairs.

Among the most fervent and persuasive missionaries of these developments
domestically is a New York-based outfit, Pat Cannon Foot & Fiddle Dance Company,
which made its area debut last night at the Smithsonian's Baird Auditorium to
the immense pleasure of its spectators.

The Cannon troupe -- four dancers and three musicians -- falls into the same
general category as the superb Fiddle Puppet Cloggers.

Foot & Fiddle strays far beyond its Appalachian basics, and indeed; apart from
the cracker-barrel amiability of the performers, its major distinction may lie
in its idiomatic range. The Baird program of 12 dance numbers (with seven purely
musical entr'actes) spread itself across Appalachian clogging, Irish step
dancing, tap, Western swing, rockabilly style, and square dancing, with much
interbreeding along the way. The evening's finale, a free-for-all, even included
in its breakaway solos allusions to Russian style kazatskies and squat spins
(Jeff Casper); can-can high kicks and floor splits (Judith Rivera); cakewalk
struts and spectacular touch-toe jumps (Dexter Jones); and rodeo-style bronco
buckings from troupe director Cannon.

All this makes for lively changes and spirit, but it also sometimes allows, in
its informality and impromptu air, for slapdash execution. In the main,
moreover, Foot & Fiddle isn't for purists, either in its sonorities or its
choreographic formats. Cannon and her dancers seem less concerned with niceties
of "authenticity" or refinement than with a cheerfully relaxed eclecticism that
welcomes blendings and bendings of traditional forms. It's well to remember in
this context that there's no style in the world, whether classical or folkloric,
that isn't inevitably and naturally "corrupted" by influences beyond its own
origins, and by innovative individuals. Dance cultures are living things; they
change and grow against all attempts at conservation. Foot & Fiddle takes a
positive, even activist stance, toward such change, in quest of creative
fusions. Sometimes they work, sometimes not, but it's hard not to be charmed by
the attempts.

The musicians were Hank Bones, bass and guitar; Dave Keyes, piano; and Kenny
Kosek, fiddle.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday

Jay Ungar and Molly Mason return to Brattleboro for a concert

BYLINE: By Cicely M. Eastman ceastman@reformer.com @ReformerOvation on Twitter

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 872 words


WEST BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; Described as one of the most celebrated duos in
American acoustic music representing the heart and soul of American roots music,
Jay Ungar and Molly Mason will be at the Congregational Church in West
Brattleboro on Saturday in a long overdue return to the area where in the past
they have performed at Brattleboro's Dawn Dances and held concerts at
Brattleboro's Congregational Church and at the Latchis Theatre. They have many
ties to dancers and musicians from our area here who have attended annual
Ashokan Fiddle and Dance Camps that they have run since the late 1970s in
Ashokan N.Y. These camps offer an intensive environment to learn folk music of
many kinds with some of the most well-known instructors in the nation including
Mary Lea of the Brattleboro Dawn Dance Committee.

According to Lea, "Under their leadership, they brought together top musicians
to teach vocal and dance music as well as dancing traditions from Appalachia,
the deep South, and Cajun country, northern roots traditions such as Quebecois,
Cape Breton, New England, Irish and Scandinavian, as well as Swing and Country
music. Thousands of people, from very young to very old, have gained skills on
their instruments, danced to different kinds of traditional music, and learned
about the rich, varied musical traditions of our country. Jay and Molly's
leadership in these community enterprises have galvanized many people by now and
have had a huge impact on creating the vibrant folk music scene that we see
today. They are still at its epicenter."

Ungar, fiddler and singer, is originally from the Bronx, and Mason, guitarist,
pianist and singer, is originally from the Portland. Or. area. They met at a
folk club in upstate New York in 1977, Mason moved east in 1980 to join Ungar's
band Fiddle Fever. That band disbanded in the late '80s then Ungar and Molly
married in 1991, performing as a duo. These days they often unite with their
daughter Ruth Ungar, and her husband Mike Merenda, also known as the duo Mike +
Ruthie, as the Jay Ungar & Molly Mason's Family Band.

Ungar and Mason's concerts have continued to appeal to audiences of all ages
since rising to international fame in 1990 following their contribution of
historically correct fiddle music for the soundtrack of Ken Burns' "The Civil
War" PBS series. Ungar's composition Ashokan Farewell was the musical hallmark
of the series, winning a Grammy and nominated for an Emmy. On radio and
television, they have appeared on CBS Good Morning, The Rosie O'Donnell Show,
All Things Considered, A Prairie Home Companion, and the BBC's Transatlantic
Sessions, have had the honor of performing at the White House for two sitting
Presidents. They continue to broadcast their own live-performance radio show,
Dancing on the Air, and tour extensively delighting audiences across the U.S.

Among their well-known compositions is the title track of The Lovers' Waltz, an
album of romantic fiddle music from Appalachian, Scandinavian, Celtic, Klezmer,
and Swing traditions. "Harvest Home," a 1999 release on Angel Records,
culminates in their 20-minute orchestral work, The Harvest Home Suite, in which
they are joined by the Nashville Chamber Orchestra. With "Relax your Mind"
(Angel Records), Ungar and Mason, with their band Swingology, take a slightly
different direction: American dance music with a focus on country blues and
swing. Included are more of the beautiful waltzes that have become their
signature pieces. Their compositions of contemporary fiddle music are so deeply
rooted in traditional fiddle music that the songs may be mistaken as
100-year-old tunes.

In commemoration of the Battle of Fort Sumter they helped celebrate the 150th
anniversary of the re-raising of the flag last April in Charlestown, N.C. by
playing their composition of Sumter Soliloquy.

Mason said, "Our shows have a certain amount of season content. We play music to
the time, place and season that touches us in some way." For Saturday's concert
Ungar and Mason said that in honor of the upcoming spring planting season they
will perform a mix of their own compositions including much from their Harvest
Home CD, some work by other contemporary composers, and a number of traditional
music. Mason will sing an old favorite "Home Grown Tomatoes' plus a sneak peek
of their almost finished, soon to be released CD they are producing of carefully
selected healing music tunes,

Known for their wit and warmth, Mason feels the concerts are a way to introduce
people to fiddle music from the immigrants to the U.S. to fiddle styles from
around the world. "We love it all."

Each piece is introduced with a bit of history, where it comes from, and what it
means to them while having a little fun with the audience. It is apparent they
feel the music deep in their heart.

The concert will take place at the First Congregational Church, 880 Western
Ave., West Brattleboro. from 7:30 to 10 p.m. Tickets are $20. To learn more
about them and their music, or to purchase a ticket visit www.jayandmolly.com ,
Tickets may also be purchased at brownpapertickets.com or Everyone's Books, 25
Elliot St., or $24 at the door. For information call 802-257-1571.

Contact Cicely M. Eastman at 802-254-2311 ext. 261.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 29, 2009, Friday

Vandalia Gathering contest winners announced

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P2C

LENGTH: 603 words


Winners have been named for the West Virginia Division of Culture and History's
annual Vandalia Gathering, held May 23-24 at the state Capitol.

The winners are:

Youth Old-Time Fiddle (age 15 and under): first place ($75), Jerrica Hilbert,
St. Albans; second place ($50), Ray Cossin, Mount Alto; and third place ($25),
Annie Fowler, Scott Depot

Old-Time Fiddle (age 59 and under): first place ($400), Dan Kessinger, St.
Marys; second place ($250), Chance McCoy, Greenville; third place ($150), Greg
Bentle, Huntington; fourth place ($75), Jenny Allinder, Culloden; and fifth
place ($50), Doug Van Gundy, Elkins.

Senior Old-Time Fiddle (age 60 and over): first place ($400), Gerry Milnes,
Elkins; second place ($250), Lester McCumbers, Nicut; third place ($150), Elmer
Rich, Morgantown; fourth place ($75), Junior Spencer, Frankford; and fifth place
($50), Donald Jones, Scott Depot.

Mandolin (all ages): first place ($400), Robin Kessinger, St. Albans; second
place ($250), John Putnam, Looneyville; third place ($150), Brandon Shoping,
Williamson; fourth place ($75), Adam Hager, Kenna; and fifth place ($50), Luke
Shamblin, Elkview.

Bluegrass Banjo (all ages): first place ($400), Doug Cossin, Mount Alto; second
place ($250), Ed Price, Huntington; third place ($150), Butch Osborne,
Parkersburg; fourth place ($75), Swanagan Ray, Ripley; and fifth place ($50),
Brandon Shoping, Williamson.

Pound Cake (all ages): first place ($75), Ella Hoffman, South Charleston; second
place ($50), Tabitha Erwin, Scott Depot; third place ($25), Shonnette Koontz,
Charleston.

Fruit Cobbler (all ages): first place ($75), Valerie Burgraf, Elkview; second
place ($50), Lynna Middleton, Elkview; and third place ($25), Blair Chapman,
Charleston;

Youth (age 15 and under, $25): Blair Chapman, Charleston.

Youth Lap Dulcimer (age 15 and under): first place ($75), Hunter Walker,
Beckley; second place ($50), Will Manahan, Elkview; and third place ($25),
Shalor Gore, Charleston.

Lap Dulcimer (all ages): first place ($400), Chance McCoy, Greenville; second
place ($250), Hunter Walker, Beckley; third place ($150), Heidi Muller,
Charleston; fourth place ($75), Dave Haas, Cross Lanes; and fifth place ($50),
Bob Webb, Charleston.

Old-Time Banjo (59 and under): first place ($400), Chance McCoy, Greenville;
second place ($250), Tim Bing, Huntington; third place ($150), Andrew Dunlap,
St. Albans; fourth place ($75), Bob Shank, Bruceton Mills; and fifth place
($50), Bob Smakula, Elkins.

Senior Old-Time Banjo (age 60 and over): first place ($400), Jim Mullins, St.
Albans; second place ($250), Ken Sheller, Elkins; third place ($150), Mack
Samples, Duck; fourth place ($75), Steve Harrison, St. Albans; and fifth place
($50), Eugene Parsons, Orma.

Youth Flat Pick Guitar (age 15 and under): first place ($75), Logan Jones,
Charleston; second place ($50), Eric Campbell, Hurricane; and third place ($25),
Andrew Fry, Winfield.

Flat Pick Guitar (all ages): first place ($400), Matt Lindsey, Dunbar; second
place ($250), Swanagan Ray, Ripley; third place ($150), Dan Kessinger, St.
Marys; fourth place ($75), Richard Adkins, Cross Lanes; and fifth place ($50),
Jamie Rhodes, Culloden.

Biggest Liar (first place $100 and Goldenseal magazine's Golden Shovel award):
Pete Kosky, Charleston.

Bigger Liar (second place $75): Scott Hill, Ghent

Big Liar (third place $50): Alex McLaughlin, Charleston

Youth (age 15 and under, $25): Ellie Lepp, Charleston

Vandalia Gathering is a program of the West Virginia Division of Culture and
History. For more information, call Jacqueline Proctor, deputy commissioner and
communications manager for the division, at 304-558-0220.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             March 6, 2008 Thursday

'Fiddle Frenzy' returns to BF

BYLINE: Entertainment

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 316 words


BELLOWS FALLS -- On Saturday at 7:30 p.m., Stone Church Arts presents "St.
Patrick's Fiddle Frenzy," an ensemble of fiddlers led by cellist and artistic
director Eugene Friesen.

This year's concert will feature Emerald Rae, a national fiddling champion and
Berklee College of Music graduate who has recently returned from a year of study
in Scotland. Also featured will be fiddlers Eden Forman and Andy Reiner, both
students at Berklee in Boston, along with guitarist Stash Wyslouch.

After picking up the fiddle at age 7, Rae's insatiable interest in the music of
Scotland and Cape Breton has grown into passionate expertise and concerts all
over the world.

Over the past year, she has been delving into the 17th and 18th centuries,
studying the birth of Scottish music it is known today, as well as exploring the
contemporary Scottish music scene. Rae is also a talented Cape Breton stepdancer
and has danced for such fiddling giants as Alasdair Fraser and Natalie
MacMaster.

Vermont resident and Berklee professor, cellist Eugene Friesen, has invited the
young musicians to Bellows Falls for this concert and will introduce the
selections and perform with them. A classically trained musician who took a turn
toward folk and improvised music at a young age, Friesen admires the flexibility
of his students' technique, their highly developed ear training and rhythmic
skills.

The concert will feature airs, reels, jigs, stepdancing and original tunes by
the musicians.

All of the Stone Church Arts concerts are held at Immanuel Episcopal Church, 20
Church St. Admission is $15 for adults, $10 for seniors and children under 12
years of age.

Tickets are available at Village Square Booksellers (Bellows Falls), Heartstone
Books (Putney), Brattleboro Books, Misty Valley Books (Chester) and at
www.brattleborotix.com or at the door.

For more information, visit www.immanuelepiscopal.org or call 802-463-3100.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                  SEPTEMBER 7, 2003 Sunday N-MAINLINE EDITION

Ode to the old-time music;
Mountain, klezmer and bluegrass will be the featured sounds next weekend.

BYLINE: Mary Anne Janco INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: NEIGHBORS MAIN LINE; Pg. L03

LENGTH: 2243 words

DATELINE: BRYN MAWR


Bill and Fritzi Wisdom met at a square dance in the 1970s when he was playing
banjo and she was playing the fiddle.

They got hooked on old-time music - those backcountry tunes from the southern
Appalachian mountains - and they have been jammin' together ever since.

One of their favorite gigs is Chester County's Old Fiddlers' Picnic in Hibernia
County Park, where knots of musicians jam in the woods, filling the valley with
the sound of Irish fiddling, klezmer music, bluegrass, and old-time mountain
music, said Bill Wisdom, a semiretired Temple University philosophy professor.

Opening the Old Fiddlers' Picnic, which marks its 75th anniversary this year,
will be Cecil Miller and the Oxford Rhythm Boys. The event, which includes
square dancing and country-western line dances, runs from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Saturday. The rain date will be next Sunday.

"Fiddlers know it's a good time," Fritzi Wisdom said. "You're guaranteed to hear
some wonderful music in the grove."

"Everyone has their own taste," Bill Wisdom said. In addition to the mainstage
performances, "you can hear eight or 10 different kinds of music in the woods."

The gathering, which also serves as a reunion for fiddlers, got its start
outside Parkesburg, then moved to Lenape Park, and has been hosted by the
Chester County Parks and Recreation Department since 1980.

At the Old Fiddlers' Picnic, the focus is on American folk music, said Palmer
Loux, a fiddler with the Run of the Mill String Band. That band, which includes
Loux's husband, Greg, on guitar and Paul Sidlick of Malvern on banjo, will
perform old-time fiddle tunes, "early rags," and early recorded country songs at
about 3 p.m. on the mainstage Saturday.

The key instruments in old-time music are the banjo and the fiddle, Palmer Loux
said. The old-time tunes have roots in the British Isles, but the banjo is a
gift from Africa, she said. Over the years, the guitar and mandolin were added,
Bill Wisdom said.

Before folks had radios and phonographs, they made their own music, the Wisdoms
said. Old-time music is a live tradition with people in West Virginia, Kentucky,
Tennessee and North Carolina.

There always has been old-time music in the Philadelphia area, said Palmer Loux
of Havertown, but in the last 10 to 15 years, there are more people getting
together to share tunes and to jam. "We all know each other," she said. "We play
together every chance we get."

The Wisdoms, who fell in love with the old-time mountain tunes and have a band
called Wissahickon Drive, host a Friday night jam - a celebration of the music
and culture that has been handed down through the generations of mountain folk.

There might be four banjos, six fiddles, two or three guitars, a mandolin, maybe
a dulcimer or harmonica, jamming in the living room of their Bryn Mawr home, she
said.

"It's not chaotic," she said. The record is 30 musicians. "The best music
happens when it's about 12," she said of their jams. "It's not so raggedy. If
you have 12, that's sweet."

"It's such a sociable music. I think of the music as back-porch music, square
dance, hoedown music . . . the music of working people," said Fritzi Wisdom, a
retired nurse who grew up in Norristown. She played the violin in junior high
school and sang three-part harmony from a young age.

Said Bill Wisdom: "The father of a buddy of mine played banjo. I thought it was
the greatest sound I'd ever heard."

Bill Wisdom's father got him a banjo, but it was a four-string tenor banjo. "I
marched up Broad Street a couple times, then traded it in for a guitar, and
strummed my way through college," he recalled. "I still longed to play the
five-string mountain banjo."

So, he finally bought a $600 banjo and got some of his best lessons at the
campground of the Fiddlers Grove Ole Time Festival in North Carolina - one of
the festivals that the Wisdoms still try to attend each year.

Fritzi Wisdom said some fiddle playing is polished, fancy: "I sound a little
more country."

Together, the Wisdoms can make some fun, toe-tapping music.

On a recent weeknight on their back deck, after tuning their instruments, they
played "Five Miles to Town," "Katy Kline" and "Valley Forge."

"The instruments are just right together," Fritzi Wisdom said. "The fiddle
carries the melody, and the banjo is more percussion and emphasizes the rhythm
of the tune."

"It's not fancy," Bill Wisdom said of the music. "These old-time tunes are
simple and straightforward. You can whistle these tunes."

In fact, he said, his father, who grew up in northern Louisiana, "used to sing a
lot of the songs we now play . . . in the bathtub."

Send Arts news to suburban staff writer Mary Anne Janco, The Inquirer, 800 River
Rd., Conshohocken, Pa. 19428; e-mail it to PAarts@phillynews.com; or fax it to
610-313-8243. Contact Mary Anne Janco at 610-313-8217 or mjanco@phillynews.com.

The 75th annual Chester County Old Fiddlers' Picnic is scheduled from 10 a.m. to
6 p.m. Saturday at Hibernia County Park, four miles north of Coatesville off the
Route 82 exit of the Route 30 Bypass. Cost is $5 a car. There will be square
dances under the park's covered pavilions and county-western line dancing, as
well as homemade crafts, children's games and hayrides. Visitors can bring a
picnic lunch, lawn chairs and blankets. The rain date is next Sunday. For more
information, call the park office at 610-383-3812 or visit the county park Web
site at www.chesco.org/ccparks/index.html.

Special Events

Special Events

West Chester Railroad Market St Station, West Chester; 610-430-2233.
www.westchesterrr.net. Flea markets with antiques & collectibles. Last Sun of
month. Great Train Robbery ride. Noon & 2 p.m. Sat & 9/21. Call for times,
prices.

Chadds Ford Days Colonial fair with crafts, music, tours of John Chadd House;
art show & sale, more. Chadds Ford Historical Society, The Barn, Rte 100, Chadds
Ford; 610-388-7376. www.chaddsfordhistory.org. $5; $1 ages 6-12; younger free.
10 a.m.-5 p.m. Sun.

Craft Shows, Sales & Bazaars

Free admission unless noted.

Flea Market St Peter United Church of Christ, Rte 23, Knauertown; 610-286-7827.
8 a.m.-1 p.m. 3d Sat of month.

Harvest Market Handmade rugs, crafts, decorations, pottery, dolls, more.
Brandywine River Museum, Rte 1, Chadds Ford; 610-388-2700.
www.brandywinemuseum.org. Free with regular admission: $6; $3 seniors, students
& ages 6-12; younger free. 9:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m. Sats & Suns to 10/19.

Crafters Wanted

Call for Artisans Crafters & artists wanted for several area shows. Sponsored by
Gallery at Cedar Hollow, 2447 Yellow Springs Rd, Malvern; 610-640-2787. Various
times, days, locations.

Fall Fest Vendors wanted. Paoli Hospital, 255 W Lancaster Ave, Paoli;
610-648-1440. Spaces $40 day of event; $35 in advance. 8 a.m.-2 p.m. 9/20.

Trips

Registration required.

Coatesville Area Senior Center 610-383-6900. Delaware Park. $45. 10/15. Rainbow
Dinner Theatre for Green Holly & Gray Potatoes show. $65. 12/15.

Dresden, OH To Longaberger Basket Headquarters. Depart from West Chester
Municipal Bldg, 401 E Gay St, West Chester; 610-436-9010. $300-$325. 9/27-29.

Malvern AARP Chapter #5091 , Malvern; 610-644-1122 or 610-644-7615. Tropicana
Casino. 10/23. Christmas Show at Hunterdon Hill Playhouse. 11/11.

Art Exhibits

Art League Penn Medicine at Radnor, 250 King of Prussia Rd, Radnor;
610-859-0765. Board of directors' show, mixed media. Closes 9/12.

Barnes Foundation 300 N Latches Ln (2 blocks N of 54th St & City Ave), Merion;
610-667-0290. www.barnesfoundation.org. Work by Monet, Renoir, Cezanne,
Rousseau, Matisse, Van Gogh, Toulouse-Lautrec, other impressionists &
post-impressionists, African art & PA Dutch functional pieces. $5. 9:30 a.m.-5
p.m. Weds-Fris through August, Fris-Suns in Sept. 400 people allowed entry per
day. Reservations required: 610-667-0290 option 5.

*FREE* Berman Museum of Art Ursinus College, Main St, Collegeville;
610-409-3500. Permanent: changing shows, 19th & 20th century American sculpture,
paintings. 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Tues-Fris, noon-4:30 p.m. Sats-Suns.

*NEW* Brandywine River Museum Rtes 1 & 100, Chadds Ford; 610-388-2700.
www.brandywinemuseum.org. Free admission 9:30 a.m.-noon Suns, 9/7 through 9/28.
Art of the American West: 19th & 20th century paintings, sculptures. Opens Sat.
Closes 11/23. Harvest market: jewelry, rugs, dolls, wreaths, pottery, dried
flowers, quilted fabric items, more. 9:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m. Sats-Suns. Through
10/19. NC Wyeth house & studio tours. $3 additional; ages 6 & over only. Timed
intervals Weds-Suns through 11/23. $6; $3 students, seniors; free ages under 6.
9:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m. daily.

*NEW* Gallery at Cedar Hollow 2447 Yellow Springs Rd, Malvern; 610-640-2787.
Wearable art show. Closes 10/19.

Haverford College Cantor Fitzgerald, 370 Lancaster Ave, Haverford; 610-896-1287.
Linda Hoffman, Henry Richardson, sculptures; Tim Loose, photographs. Closes
9/21.

*NEW* Holland Art House 113 W Market St, West Chester; 610-701-9330.
www.hollandarthouse.com. Gabriel Stillwater, Dirk Jansen, Nico Koster,
photographs. Closes 10/2.

James A Michener Art Museum 138 S Pine St, Doylestown; 215-340-9800.
www.michenerartmuseum.org. Jon Lucien. $42. 8:30 p.m. 9/13. ArtCycle: bike rides
through Bucks Co, party at museum follows; benefits museum. $15 family ride (3
miles); $30 (20-, 35-, 50-mile rides). Staggered rides begin 8 a.m.; family ride
11 a.m. 9/7. Register. All depart Central Bucks W High School parking lot, 375 W
Court St. Ava Blitz, outdoor sculpture installation. Closes 10/26. Latin Jazz:
evolution of music in US & Caribbean with maps, film footage, interviews,
documents, photographs, audio-visual stations, musical scores, more. $4
additional. Closes 10/12. $6; $5.50 seniors; $3 students; free under age 6.
Hours: 10 a.m.-4:30 p.m. Tues-Fris (to 9 p.m. Weds), 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Sats, noon-5
p.m. Suns. Joint admission, Mercer Museum: $10, adults only.

*NEW* Salon des Amis 2321 Yellow Springs Rd, Malvern; 610-647-6010. Babette
Martino, paintings. Opening reception 2-6 p.m. Sun. Closes 10/8.

Swarthmore College List, Lang Performing Arts Center, 500 College Ave,
Swarthmore; 610-328-8000. MaPo Kinnord-Payton, sculpture. Talk, reception 4:30-7
p.m. 9/25. Closes 9/26.

*NEW* University of Delaware Old College, Main St & N College Ave, Newark;
302-831-8242. Inuit art show: drawings, sculptures, prints, tapestries,
artifacts. Opening reception, tour 4-7 p.m. Wed. Closes 12/14.

*NEW* West Chester University McKinney, Mitchell Hall, Church & Sharpless Sts,
West Chester; 610-436-2755. Assemblage Artist Group show, mixed media. Opening
reception 5-8 p.m. Wed. Closes 10/8.

Wharton Esherick Museum Horseshoe Trail & Diamond Rock Hill Rd (off Yellow
Springs Rd), Malvern; 610-644-5822. Call for tours.

Performing Arts

Music

In Concert

International Dance Music Jams Open to musicians, singers. Belmont School, 200
Anderson Rd, King of Prussia; 610-688-3284. www.phillydance.com/(tilde)intjam/.
$3. 8-9:30 p.m. 3d Mons.

Auditions & Rehearsals

Barley Sheaf Players 810 N Whitford Rd, Lionville; 610-983-0616.
www.barleysheaf.org.

Barnstormers Theater Ward & Tome Sts, Ridley Park; 610-769-3905.
www.ridleypark.net/Barnstormers. Play Sumissions: submit plays for direction to
The Barnstormers, PO Box 12, Ridley Park, PA. Attn: Play Selection. Or email
brouhaha64@hotmail.com.

Cue Curtain Players Immaculata University Art, Alumnae Hall, on campus off King
Rd, S of intersection of Rtes 30 & 352, Immaculata; 610-647-4400 ext 3720.
Antigone (opens 11/03), needed: four males. 7 p.m. Mon-Tue.

Lansdowne Symphony Orchestra 28 N Lansdowne Ave, Suite 1, Lansdowne;
610-284-3719. www.lansdowneso.org. Ongoing auditions. Call for appt.

Valley Forge Chorus of Sweet Adelines Main Line Martial Arts Center, Old
Lancaster Rd, Berwyn; 610-284-7150. www.valleyforgechorus.com. Rehearsals. 7:30
p.m. Tues.

West Chester Band Pierce Middle School, Burke Rd, West Chester; 610-793-4654.
Needed: percussionist, trumpet players. 7-9 p.m Weds.

Nature

5K Run For Youth & 1-Mile Fun Run/Walk Proceeds benefit Chester County Chamber's
Youth Leadership Program. T-shirts, refreshments, massages & prizes. East Goshen
Community Park, Paoli Pike, Malvern; 610-725-9100. www.cccbi.org. $15 5-K; $9
1-Mile. 5:15 p.m. registration. 6 p.m. run 9/25.

Ashland Nature Center Brackenville & Barley Mill Rds, Hockessin; 302-239-2334.
www.delawarenaturesociety.org. Four self-guiding nature trails on 200 acres of
meadow, marsh, pond & forest; plus habitat exhibits. Butterfly house: $2; $1
ages 3-12. 2-4 p.m. Mons-Fris, 9:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m. Sats through Oct. 8:30
a.m.-4:30 p.m. Mons-Fris, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Sats, 1-4 p.m. Suns.

Barnes Foundation Arboretum 300 N Latches Ln (2 blocks N of 54th St & City Line
Ave), Merion; 610-667-0290. www.barnesfoundation.org. . 12 acres of native,
European, Asiatic specimen trees, shrubs. $5. 9:30 a.m.-5 p.m. Fris-Suns
(Weds-Fris, July-Aug). Reservations required: 610-667-0290 option 5.

Bowman's Hill Wildflower Preserve River Rd (Rte 32), New Hope; 215-862-2924.
www.bhwp.org. Knowing Native Plants Class: Fall Flowers-Aster Family. $12. 10
a.m.-1 p.m. Sat. Pre-registration suggested. Guided walking tour: 2 p.m. daily.
$5; $3 seniors; $2 ages 4-14; free ages under 4. Center: 9 a.m.-5 p.m. daily.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: The Arts

GRAPHIC: HINDA SCHUMAN, Inquirer Suburban Staff
Bill and Fritzi Wisdom met over music and make it a big part of their lives: he
on banjo and she on fiddle. They will host a Friday night jam associated with
the Chester County's Old Fiddlers' Picnic. "It's such a sociable music," she
says.
The Wisdoms have their own band: Wissahickon Drive. They enjoy celebrating music
and culture that have been handed down through the generations of mountain folk.

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 7, 2011 Wednesday

Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky., Names & Notes column

BYLINE: Suzi Bartholomy, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 505 words


Sept. 07--Gabriel Gray, executive director of the International Bluegrass
Museum, has met many of the stars of bluegrass music and has collected anecdotes
about them that make for good storytelling.

She has a Bill Monroe story that really isn't about the father of bluegrass, but
of one of his band members -- the late Kenny Baker. But over the years it has
become "When I met Bill Monroe."

Gray grew up in Somerset oblivious to the music of her home state.

"My parents were musicians and I studied classical violin," Gray said.

About 1967, Gray was giving violin, viola and cello lessons in one of the
schools in Monticello and she heard "a racket down the hall" and went to
investigate.

"I went into the lunchroom and there was Kenny Baker playing the violin in a
captivating style I had never seen before or since. He called it a fiddle," Gray
said.

Gray said when Baker saw her slack-jawed expression, he came over to talk to
her. He said that by the way Gray was watching him play, he guessed she played
as well. "He asked me if I wanted to play his fiddle," Gray said.

He taught her the right hand shuffle and told her that if she could come to
Tennessee where he lived, he would teach her to play the fiddle.

"He said I would have to go once and week and it was four hours away," Gray
said. "I never did take lessons from him."

Thirty-six years later, she met Baker again and he remembered the young girl he
talked with.

Baker played numerous times in Owensboro and was slated to perform at the Bill
Monroe 100th Birthday Celebration at the RiverPark Center. Baker died in July.

Baker was a member of Monroe's Bluegrass Boys and was playing with him that day
at the little schoolhouse in Monticello.

"He introduced me to Bill Monroe. He (Monroe) was very nice."

Nashville songwriter has ties to Owensboro

This evening, Wynn Varble, a songwriter and performer, will be at the Bluebird
Cafe in Nashville. Varble's father, Claude William Hendricks Varble, and two of
his brothers were born in Daviess County. "Dad grew up in Owensboro," Varble
said.

Varble said he still has relatives in the area and invites them to the Bluebird
as well as the Sandy Lee Watkins Songwriters Festival that is Thursday and
Friday in Henderson.

Varble said his dad's name was so long a lot of people knew him as Joe. "He even
named one of my brothers Joe Jr.," Varble said.

Varble is considered by many to be one of Nashville's top 10 songwriters. His
"Have You Forgotten" was at No. 1 hit for Darryl Worley in 2003. The song was
nominated for Song of the Year by the Country Music Association. Two other songs
nominated by CMA for Song of the Year are ""Waitin' on a Woman," and "I'm a
Little More Country," recorded by Easton Corbin.

Varble moved to Nashville in 1982 and began writing songs. "I'm a 30-year
overnight success," he said.

Suzi Bartholomy, 691-7293, sbartholomy@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2011 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110907-OW-Messenger-Inquirer-Owensboro-Ky-Names-Notes-column-0907-20110907

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2011 Messenger-Inquirer


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     North Adams Transcript (Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 1, 2010 Monday

Grammy winner comes to BArT

BYLINE: Ryan Hutton, North Adams Transcript, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 721 words


Mar. 1--MONDAY MARCH 1, 2010

Adams -- The Berkshire Arts and Technology Charter Public School's
artist-in-residence program has attracted many talented musicians and visual
artists before, but this week the program will see Grammy Award-winning talent.

Mitch Reed, a fiddle player for the 1997 Grammy Award-winning zydeco band
BeauSoleil from Lafayette, La., will spend five days teaching BArT students
about fiddle playing, Cajun history and story telling.

Julia Bowen, the school's executive director, said she is thrilled to have the
artist participate in the school's program.

"I think it's a phenomenal opportunity for our students and for all of us to see
a Grammy Award winner at work," she said Friday. "He's also going to be talking
a good deal about practicing his music and developing his craft."

Reed is no stranger to teaching students music, having taught both in his home
and in classrooms for the last 20 years. He said he enjoys imparting his
knowledge to students, especially when it comes to the stories behind the Cajun
music he plays.

One example, he said, comes from a Creole song called "Blue Runner," which was
written by a Creole fiddle player who used to watch his grandmother collect eggs
from their hen house as a boy. Reed said the song is named after a kind of snake
that would wait beneath the straw in the hen houses trying to eat the eggs.

"One day, he was watching his

grandmother collect the eggs and put them in her apron," Reed said. "The blue
runner come out of the straw and scared her, so she ran out of the hen house. As
she was running, the eggs came spilling out of her apron, and he wrote a song
about it. That's the kind of stories that I'll be telling. Then I'll play the
tune and have the kids participate."

The students in the class will be asked to draw along with the music Reed plays
to see how they envision the song and the story that goes with it. Reed said he
will bring hand-made wooden spoons that Cajuns use as percussion instruments, so
the kids can play along with the fiddle for a number of songs. He will also
bring long, wooden dowels known as fiddle sticks for the children to play with
him.

"I'll tune my fiddle in this weird kind of tune where all the kids have to do is
hit the string with the fiddle stick and it plays these open notes," he said.
"I'll play the fiddle, and a kid next to me will strike the strings with the
sticks and we'll make music together. It gives the fiddle a percussive sound."

Reed said he looks forward to teaching the students about fiddle sticks because
the tradition of using them to play the fiddle has largely died out and is
really only active in Louisiana Cajun country and in the Appalachian Mountains.

"I'm just really looking forward to going to the school because I've heard a lot
of good things about BArT, and I'm excited to meet all the kids in a different
part of the country and spread the Cajun culture." he said.

At the end of his residency, he will perform a benefit concert for the school on
Saturday, March 6, at the Bounti-Fare restaurant on Route 8.

"He's going to be playing with some local musicians and then, I believe, he's
going to be letting people come on stage and jam with him, so it's going to be a
very interactive experience." Bowen said.

The concert will begin at 8 p.m., with tickets available in advance for $15 and
at the door for $20. For advance tickets, call BArT, 743-7311, ext. 532.

Reed said he looks forward to coming to Berkshire County, not only to spread
Cajun music and culture, but also for the change in climate from southern
Louisiana.

"I'm very excited to come there," he said. "I'm going to bring my 11-year-old
daughter with me. She's never seen snow before, so we're all very excited that
you're getting so much snow up there. She's excited to go sledding and playing
in it. It's going to be a very fun trip."

To reach Ryan Hutton,

e-mail rhutton@thetranscript.com

To see more of the North Adams Transcript, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.thetranscript.com. Copyright (c) 2010, North Adams Transcript,
Mass. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100301-QN-Grammy-winner-comes-to-BArT-0301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QN


                     Copyright 2010 North Adams Transcript


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, NC)

                              July 3, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Old-time fiddler receives National Heritage Fellowship

BYLINE: BETH VELLIQUETTE bvelliquette@heraldsun.com; 918-1042

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 420  words


MEBANE -- Joe Thompson, an old-time fiddle player who lives near the
Orange-Alamance county line, has won a National Endowment for the Arts National
Heritage Fellowship, considered the country's highest honor in the folk and
traditional arts.

Twelve fellowships, each including a $20,000 award, were given to people
involved in traditional arts, including musicians, poets, artists and film
makers.

Thompson lives on Mrs. White Road north of Mebane in Alamance County, and often
plays at local events. But he's also performed at Carnegie Hall and is playing
this week at the Festival of American Fiddle Tunes in Port Townsend, Wash., with
the Carolina Chocolate Drops. He could not be reached for comment.

Thompson was born in 1918 in Orange County and listened to his father and uncle
play music around the house at night after working in farm fields in the area.
Young Joe was entranced with the fiddle and tried to play on his own when he was
just a small boy.

By the age of 7, he played with his father and uncle at local square dances, and
after a bit, his brother, Nate, and their cousin, Odell, took up music and they
played at local parties.

Thompson was nominated for the award by Wayne Martin, folklife director for the
North Carolina Arts Council, which gave Thompson an N.C. Heritage Award in 1991.

Out of favor

In its biography of Thompson, the Arts Council said the type of music he played
eventually fell out of favor, but Thompson persisted in playing old-fashioned
dance music.

In the 1970s, Thompson was re-discovered and encouraged to play publicly again.

He's been a mentor and teacher for many musicians, including the Carolina
Chocolate Drops, a local string band that is carrying on the music tradition
that reaches back to slave days.

Barry Bergey, the NEA director of Folk and Traditional Arts, said Thompson's
nomination was accompanied by many letters of support. A panel of cultural
specialists sifted through 259 nominations, which included written material,
videos and audiotapes, and selected Thompson as one of the 12 winners, Bergey
said.

The NEA will honor the heritage winners Sept. 18 to Sept. 20 in Washington on
Capitol Hill. A banquet will be held in their honor at the Library of Congress.

The NEA National Heritage Fellows Concert will be held at the Music Center at
Strathmore in Bethesda, Md., on Sept. 20.

Mary Jane Queen, another North Carolina resident and an Appalachian musician
from Cullowhee, also won a fellowship. She died Friday, shortly after the news
of the awards was made public.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Submitted photo Joe Thompson, an old-time fiddler who lives near the
Orange-Alamance County, has won one of twelve fellowships given to people
involved in traditional arts.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Durham Herald Co.


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             July 22, 2010 Thursday

Hot Club of Cowtown

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: STEPPING OUT; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 205 words


Hot Jazz and Western Swing

Hot Club of Cowtown pays homage to two legendary groups from the 1930s: Django
Reinhardt and Stephane Grappelli's Hot Club of Paris and Bob Wills' Texas
Playboys.

The group's repertoire includes Texas fiddle tunes, Western swing, hot jazz, and
Tin Pan Alley standards, done with a modern sensibility.

Western swing, the popular dance music that emerged from Texas, Oklahoma, and
the lower Great Plains in the 1920s and 1930s, was an amalgamation of country
string-band music and old-time fiddle traditions of the Southwest combined with
big-band jazz, acquiring accents of other local styles along the way.

Fiddler and singer Elana James, who grew up in Kansas, studied classical violin
through college and discovered Western swing fiddle at age 23. She formed Hot
Club of Cowtown in 1997 with guitarist Whit Smith, whose vintage tone has earned
him awards from the Western Swing Hall of Fame. Bassist Jake Erwin completes the
group.

The band has opened for Bob Dylan, Willie Nelson, and the Mavericks. The band
was inducted into the Texas Western Swing Hall of Fame in 2004.

Schedule: Saturday, Boarding House Park, 8:30 p.m., Dutton Street, 5 p.m.;
Sunday, Boarding House Park, 3 p.m., JFK Plaza, 12:15 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 3, 2014 Tuesday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Beginners

LENGTH: 170  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Beginners
When
Jun 9 2014 - 9:00am to Jun 13 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The June Camp
(Monday, June 9 - Friday, June 13) is for folks who consider themselves
beginners. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221

For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Herald & Review (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 24, 2006 Thursday

Bluegrass roots run deep for Central Illinois family

BYLINE: Rob Stroud, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 813 words


Aug. 24--CHARLESTON -- Illinois' old-time string band music runs thick through
the blood of the Harrison family.

Four generations of the family have played that music, a Midwestern cousin of
Kentucky bluegrass and traditional country music from other regions.

Now 61, Steve Harrison plays in the Airtight Oldtime Stringband (named after a
bridge over the Embarras).

The family love affair with music continues, with one of the fresh ingredients
being fiddle player Genevieve Harrison, niece of Steve.

In the past year, Genevieve formed a trio with fellow Chicago area musicians
Smith Koester on banjo and Paul Hornik on guitar. They backed her on July 8 when
she won first place in the Midwest Fiddle Championship at the Old Town School of
Folk Music's Folk and Roots Festival in Chicago.

"I have decided to keep the tradition going and learn all the old Illinois
tunes," Genevieve Harrison said.

Genevieve Harrison said she has experience on the violin, piano and guitar, but
had always tended to be a spectator instead of a performer. Then she picked up
the fiddle about three years ago and realized how much she liked that
instrument, which her father, Garry, played with the Indian Creek Delta Boys.

Harrison's background

Banjo player Steve Harrison said his grandfather, John Mason, and father,
Clifford Harrison, were fiddle players. His father was part of the
Charleston-based Vagabond Plowboys from the 1940s to early 1950s and played live
on radio station WDZ in Tuscola. (WDZ moved from Tuscola to Decatur in 1949.)

Clifford Harrison met his future wife, Pauline Mason of Charleston, at the
station.

"She was billed as the 'Singing Cowgirl' on the radio station although she was
not a cowgirl. She was a farm girl actually," Steve Harrison said.

Clifford Harrison married the 'Singing Cowgirl" and they started a family that
included sons Steve, Garry and Terry. Old-time string band music was always part
of their Charleston household.

"I remember seeing dad's band practice in the house and remember seeing their
public performances," Harrison said.

Although their parents never pushed them into music, Harrison said he and his
brothers always figured they would become musicians. He said his brothers played
"every stringed instrument in the house."

Gathering tunes

Harrison said his father was debilitated by arthritis in the mid-1970s, limiting
his ability to play and teach old-time tunes to his sons. Instead, Clifford
Harrison sent them out to learn from his musical contemporaries.

"We started to get into some great old tunes, some great old melodies we had
never heard before," Harrison said. "What we were finding here in Illinois
eventually became documented as a unique musical style of its own, a prairie
style if you will."

The prairie style emphasizes everyone in a band playing the tune and backing the
fiddle, Harrison said. That contrasts with the bluegrass style's emphasis on
break-down solos, he said. He added that prairie style music was made to provide
a fast, "steppy," dance pace.

From the 1970s to the early 1980s, the brothers collected songs from Harvey
"Pappy" Taylor of Effingham and other veteran musicians.

The brothers also joined with like-minded musicians to form the Indian Creek
Delta Boys, a name inspired by their family camp site where Indian Creek and the
Embarras River converge. That band performed at music festivals and recorded
albums containing much of the old-time string band music they had recorded.

"The main focus of the band was to play in a public setting rare old tunes we
were uncovering," Harrison said.

Some of the music they collected is now on file at the Library of Congress and
has turned up in other artists' albums.

"We may have helped rescue great old tunes from extinction," Steve Harrison
said.

Further roots

Genevieve Harrison said her mother, Gaye Harrison, has also been a musical
inspiration to her. Gaye Harrison, also an Indian Creek Delta Boys veteran, has
played fiddle and mandolin with Motherlode for more than 15 years. That trio
also includes Althea Pendergast on bass and Wendy Meyer on guitar.

"(Motherlode) had all our kids running in and out of the early sessions. I think
by osmosis they picked up some of the music too," Gaye Harrison said.

Gaye Harrison said her daughter focused on the guitar for a long time, but her
"Harrison ear" led her to the fiddle. She said she is proud to see her daughter
carrying on the family tradition.

"As you get older, you realize what a great heritage it is and also what a good
pastime," Gaye Harrison said.

Contact Rob Stroud at rstroud@jg-tc.com or 348-5734.

Copyright (c) 2006, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060824-HV-0824-Bluegrass-roots-run-deep-for-Central-Illinois-family

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HV


                         Copyright 2006 Herald & Review


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            December 13, 2013 Friday
                                  Main Edition

VALLEY NATIVE'S BAND EARNS GRAMMY NOMINATION

BYLINE: Carolyn Lamberson<br>

SECTION: C; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 294 words


Spokane Valley's musical Ludiker family has reason to celebrate this week.
Kimber Ludiker is a Grammy nominee.

Ludiker is a founder of the Boston-based bluegrass quintet Della Mae, which last
week learned its second album, "This World Oft Can Be," had been nominated for
best bluegrass album.

Della Mae, which performed this past summer at Blue Waters Bluegrass Festival in
Medical Lake, will be competing against The Boxcars ("It's Just a Road"), Dailey
& Vincent ("Brothers of the Highway"), James King ("Three Chords and the Truth")
and the legendary Del McCoury Band ("The Streets of Baltimore"). "This World Oft
Can Be," released in May, is Della Mae's first album for Rounder Records, a
powerhouse label for bluegrass, Americana and folk artists. The band's first
record, "I Built This Heart," was self-released.

The other members of Della Mae are singer Celia Woodsmith, guitarist Courtney
Hartman, bassist Shelby Means and mandolin player Jenni Lyn Gardner.

Ludiker, herself a two-time national fiddle champion, is the daughter of Tony
Ludiker, a five-time national fiddle champion who now is based in Colorado
Springs, Colo., and JayDean Ludiker, an accomplished fiddler and teacher who
runs the Ludiker Music school in the Valley. She graduated from East Valley High
School in 2003. She and her brother Dennis were raised "bilingual" - as their
mother once put it in a Spokesman-Review article - they speak English and fiddle
.

Adding to the excitement for Della Mae? The band made its debut at the Grand Ole
Opry on Wednesday night. And coming up next year is a European tour that will
take them to Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Finland.

Meanwhile, the 56th annual Grammy Awards ceremony will be held on Jan. 26 in Los
Angeles.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            March 16, 2011 Wednesday

Musicians make lively sounds in Oroville

BYLINE: By BARBARA ARRIGONI - Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 412 words


OROVILLE   It was nearly impossible to keep still Wednesday with the lively
sounds of stringed instruments resounding through the Centennial Culture Center
in the afternoon.

The sounds were from fiddle, banjo, guitar, mandolin and bass musicians who
gathered to play and kick off activities for the 45th annual California State
Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championship.

Wednesday's event was supposed to be at Centennial Plaza, but was moved due to
inclement weather.

An audience of two dozen people, some of them fiddlers, listened as Oroville
fiddler Larry Jendro, his wife Merrily Stover and others made foot-stomping,
hand-clapping music.

"The whole purpose of this is to welcome fiddlers from outside the area," said
Jendro before launching into a new tune and inviting others to join in.

Two women from the audience did. Kathy Kampshmidt of Willows and Nicky Carlisle
of Stringtown whipped out their own fiddles, stood beside a table, and played
along. The two, both judges for the championship, later joined the ensemble of
musicians already at the microphone.

During a break from playing, Jendro talked briefly about the upcoming events.

Today, musicians will play during a mini street faire from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. on
Myers Street, between Montgomery and Bird streets, and at a St. Patrick's Day
dinner at the adjacent senior center.

Tonight, there will be a traditional gospel jamming event starting at 5:30 p.m.
at the Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St.

Jendro, who said he's played fiddle for about six years, explained
tongue-in-cheek the difference between a violin and a fiddle.

"A violin has four strings, a fiddle has four strangs," he said with a grin and
a twang.

However, Jendro added other differences. He said the bridge of a fiddle is a
little flatter than a violin bridge. Also, a fiddle has individual tuners that
are "sometimes tuned completely different for different styles of music."

Jendro said the purpose of the championship is to preserve and perpetuate
old-time fiddle music.

"We do it in a number of ways: We participate in the community at events and we
sponsor scholarships for people interested in learning to play," he said. Jendro
said anyone interested in learning can call him at 533-1413.

The fiddling and picking competition begins Friday at Municipal Auditorium and
ends Saturday.

All events are free and open to the public, but donations are accepted.

Staff writer Barbara Arrigoni can be reached at 533-3136 or
barrigoni@orovillemr.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Scott Grigoruk on mandolin (left), Larry Jendro on fiddle and Teddy
Cochran on guitar play a plaintive tune during a jam session Wednesday at the
Centennial Culture Center in Oroville, the kickoff day for the 45th annual
California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championship.(Barbara
Arrigoni/Staff Photo) All Chico E-R photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                December 4, 1999

Making magic
Martin Hayes and Dennis Cahill play together like flints striking off each
other; an initially unlikely-seeming combination of fiddle and guitar which
swiftly transforms into fire. 'We're like two hands on a piano', says Hayes

BYLINE: By ROSITA BOLAND

SECTION: CITY EDITION; WEEKEND; TRADITIONAL MUSIC; Pg. 64

LENGTH: 1242 words


The visitor to Ceol, the traditional music centre in Smithfield, is watching a
video of Martin Hayes playing the fiddle. She's sitting down, listening and
absorbed, in one of the labyrinthine rooms in the building. Other people enter
the room. The video plays on. Then there is the sound of another fiddle - a real
one.

For a few moments, the sound of the fiddle on the video and the sound of the
real fiddle in the room seep into each other, and then the tune becomes so
strong that the visitor realises someone is playing live. She turns from
watching Martin Hayes on screen to see the man himself in person, melded to his
fiddle, as a photographer snaps away. It is an extraordinary moment of shifting
realities, which spark off each other and create something quite magical in the
process.

Magical, that hoary old fey word which reporters and critics usually shy away
from like cats from water, is the bon mot here. Clare-born Martin Hayes and
Chicago-born Dennis Cahill, have been playing fiddle and guitar together for
some years now, developing a unique musical partnership, which critics have
likened to two jazz masters.

After the photo session, Hayes and Cahill perch together on the edge of Hayes's
hotel bed. It's a slightly unorthodox setting for an interview, but in keeping
with the spirit of the way they do most things. Their latest CD, Live in
Seattle, came out in September to huge acclaim, and they've been playing in
London, Edinburgh, and various Irish venues on this latest tour. Tonight is
Dublin's Vicar Street.

"On the days we're doing gigs, I'd visualise the venue all through the day; see
myself sitting on the stage," Hayes explains, peering out from under his
trademark nimbus of hair. "That's the whole focus of the day, the gig. We don't
do any sightseeing or anything, even if we're in some new city. It's important
to focus, to have a sense of occasion about performing."

The duo's astonishing live performances are events which critics and audiences
alike rave about. In an interview in 1998, Hayes likened describing performance
to "talking about electricity. I don't know what electricity is really but I can
turn a light switch on and off." The two musicians play together like flints
striking off each other; an initially unlikely-seeming combination of fiddle and
guitar which swiftly transforms into fire.

"Playing with an audience is like having a conversation," Hayes explains. "When
somebody empathises with you, you pour out more and more and take the music
further than you'd ordinarily go. If you're playing a really good gig, you're
like an observer. You look down and wonder what your fingers are doing. But when
it's not going well, you have to stop these destructive musical thoughts running
around, annihilating your gig. I don't want to sound too woosh, but there has to
be love in your playing."

When they go on tour, they have a set programme, but it "gradually becomes
mutated by the end of the tour. We don't have any big swaps, but the programme
goes through gradual changes; it evolves at a rate we can't control".

Hayes believes in an afterlife, but not any kind that can be easily defined.
"Most of my ideas are driven by some sense of spirituality these days. My music
would be informed by that, yes. Culturally, I'm a Catholic."

"Every musician, after you get to a certain stage, you question why you play,"
Cahill observes. "When you're playing, you're trying to express something bigger
than yourself. Look at the jazz musicians - they were all very spiritual."

Of the duo, it is Cahill who appears the more shadowy, elusive presence. In
performance, Hayes's hair flies in all directions; his fingers and arms are wild
streaks of quicksilver. Cahill has no hair to take flight, and he hunches
carefully over his guitar, hardly ever looking up. It's Hayes too, who speaks to
the audience and who fluently introduces the tunes with a natural sense of
humour, gravitas, and quickness that reflects his musician's superb sense of
timing.

The melodies of Hayes's fiddle seem at first like the larger sound of the two.
Yet what Cahill does, chasing, shadowing, and drawing out the melodies with the
unerring rhythm of his guitar chords, is as unpredictable as the movements of a
lion hunting a gazelle. Just because he sometimes flattens down in the long
grass doesn't mean he's not there.

"I kinda like being anonymous," Cahill confesses. "The core is the melody - the
fiddle. But the harmony of the fiddle and the guitar together can create
something quite different. It can enhance the musical experience."

"I couldn't play this sort of music if Dennis wasn't playing with me," Hayes
insists. "We're like two hands on a piano."

The fiddle lying in its box on the floor of Hayes's hotel room is the same one
which has been with him throughout his extraordinary musical career. "My father
had it before me (the redoubtable P.J. Hayes, longtime stalwart with the Tulla
Ceili Band). He bought it in the early 1950s; it's a German fiddle, late 19th
century. He didn't like it, so it got put up in the attic. When I was 12 and
needed a full-size fiddle, he brought it down for me. I've had it ever since -
it's what I record with, perform with, everything. It's rare to find an
instrument for life so early."

"Guitar players are very fickle," jokes Cahill. "We don't have the same
attachment to our instruments. I've probably been through five guitars since we
started touring together. They make such good instruments these days, that it's
not so difficult to find a guitar to suit you."

Martin Hayes's fiddle case is about the same size as the tiny suitcase on the
other side of the room; a suitcase which he says he would be quite happy living
out of all year. Although his base has been in Seattle for some years now, he
doesn't own property anywhere, and although he doesn't say so, the sense is that
he quite likes this nomadic perspective on the world.

"I come back to Ireland for about three months every year. I come back so often
that I don't feel disconnected from it. If I lived here, I'd probably spend as
much time away from Ireland as I do now. Playing in the Feakle festival (in east
Clare) each year is a must," he says.

"Clare," muses Cahill. "That's where I first learned to drink tea."

For 2000, apart from the traditional return to Feakle, they would like to play
in Asia. "I'd like to get out of the English-speaking world," Hayes says. "To go
playing in China or India." Perhaps it's no coincidence that these are the two
great tea-producing countries in the world.

After Hayes and Cahill's performance that evening at Vicar Street - at which
there are two brief appearances by guest singers with haunting voices, Helen
Hayes and Finola O'Siochru - they get a standing ovation. The walls of Vicar
Street seem to dissolve. We could be anywhere. For a couple of hours, the music
becomes a kind of fourth dimension, through which the audience make their own
individual journeys. The tunes flow into each other, effortless as the course of
water in a swift river.

It's no wonder their latest CD, Live in Seattle, with tunes such as Green-Gowned
Lass, Out on the Ocean, and Mary McMahon of Ballinahinch, is attracting rave
reviews: listening to it is the closest you can come to the experience of being
at one of their extraordinary concerts.

Live in Seattle, by Martin Hayes and Dennis Cahill, is available on the Green
Linnet label, at (pounds) 13.99

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 The Irish Times


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

James Kelly and Donna Long Irish fiddle and piano

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: TRAVEL; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 202 words


Miami-based James Kelly, is a native of County Clare, Ireland, where he learned
fiddle from his father, John Kelly, a respected fiddle and concertina player.

John Kelly and Sean O'Riada launched the modern revival of traditional Irish
music when they founded Ceoltóirí Chualann. James Kelly has developed his own
distinctive style but the ornamented styles of Clare and Sligo remain in his
playing, with Clare more even-flowing and Sligo bouncier.

Kelly is highly regarded in Ireland for his musicianship and contributions to
Irish music, including his compositions, his solo career and as a members of
such groups as Planxty and his research in Irish music. In 2006, he was the
Gradam Ceoil TG4 Traditional Musician of the Year, awarded by TG4, Ireland's
Irish-language TV station.

Joining Kelly is pianist Donna Long, whose incorporation of Cape Breton
techniques -- driving bass lines, unique chord progressions, and doubling the
melody with the fiddle -- give her accompaniment style a special excitement.
Like Kelly, Long's first teacher was her father, who instilled in her a love of
music.

SCHEDULE: Saturday, St. Anne's Churchyard, 3 p.m.; Sunday, Boarding House Park,
1 p.m.; St. Anne's Churchyard, 4:45 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: James Kelly

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

James Kelly and Donna Long Irish fiddle and piano

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: LATEST NEWS; Travel; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 202 words


Miami-based James Kelly, is a native of County Clare, Ireland, where he learned
fiddle from his father, John Kelly, a respected fiddle and concertina player.

John Kelly and Sean O'Riada launched the modern revival of traditional Irish
music when they founded Ceoltóirí Chualann. James Kelly has developed his own
distinctive style but the ornamented styles of Clare and Sligo remain in his
playing, with Clare more even-flowing and Sligo bouncier.

Kelly is highly regarded in Ireland for his musicianship and contributions to
Irish music, including his compositions, his solo career and as a members of
such groups as Planxty and his research in Irish music. In 2006, he was the
Gradam Ceoil TG4 Traditional Musician of the Year, awarded by TG4, Ireland's
Irish-language TV station.

Joining Kelly is pianist Donna Long, whose incorporation of Cape Breton
techniques -- driving bass lines, unique chord progressions, and doubling the
melody with the fiddle -- give her accompaniment style a special excitement.
Like Kelly, Long's first teacher was her father, who instilled in her a love of
music.

SCHEDULE: Saturday, St. Anne's Churchyard, 3 p.m.; Sunday, Boarding House Park,
1 p.m.; St. Anne's Churchyard, 4:45 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           October 26, 2006 Thursday

Bluegrass musicians to gather for Fiddle Fest

BYLINE: Rodger L. Hardy Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 275 words


PROVO -- Folk musicians will compete for cash and top recognition at the
upcoming daylong Bluegrass Fiddle Fest.

The competition begins at noon. There will be an evening concert, sponsored by
the American Music Institute, founded by Mark Geslison of Provo, the Provo Arts
Council and Tahitian Noni.

Most of the competitors are from Utahn, including musicians from the Brigham
Young University folk music program, said spokeswoman Sheri Cluff. They include
Kimball Creek from Cedar City, The Cluffs from Mapleton, River Ridge from Provo,
Utah County group Just Warming Up and Strung Together, a group of mostly state
champions from Utah and Salt Lake counties.

Large groups compete for $500 in first place money, second place $250 and third
place $125. Small group prizes are $300 for first place, $150 for second place
and $75 for third.

The evening concert includes a final round of competition and will then feature
the local folk group Cold Creek. Door prizes include a guitar from the Great
Salt Lake Guitar Company.

"The Institute of American Music Bluegrass Fiddle Fest provides musicians of all
levels of proficiency an opportunity to compete and showcase their musical
abilities in a group environment," Cluff said. "This competition features groups
of various ability levels. Large and small groups will compete for cash prizes.
Groups will be evaluated by a panel of judges and receive feedback." If you go

What: Bluegrass Fiddle Fest

Where: Tahitian Noni International, 333 W. River Park Drive, Provo

When: competition starts at noon with 7 p.m. concert, Oct. 28

Cost: $5/$25 family

Phone: 471-7008

Web: www.fiddlefest.net E-mail: rodger@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                             May 31, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Doc Watson;
Obituaries Folk musician whose virtuoso playing brought the guitar out of the
shadows

SECTION: FEATURES; OBITUARIES; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 649 words


DOC WATSON, who has died aged 89, was an American folk guitarist whose virtuoso
style of playing influenced musicians as diverse as Jerry Garcia of The Grateful
Dead, Clarence White of The Byrds and the country singer and instrumentalist
Ricky Skaggs.

Until the middle years of the last century, the guitar was generally employed in
folk bands as a backing instrument for the mandolin, fiddle or banjo. Watson's
high-speed "flatpicking" style of playing (in flatpicking the player uses a
plectrum to strike the strings) helped to establish the guitar as a lead
instrument both in folk and pop.

Watson was best known for traditional American country music - songs such as
Shady Grove and Deep River Blues, which he adapted for the guitar from the folk
tunes with which he had grown up in the mountains of North Carolina. But he
ranged widely, playing tunes by Bob Dylan and Tom Paxton, and once participating
in a jam session with Booker T and the MGs.

The sixth of nine children, Arthel Lane Watson was born on March 3 1923 at
Stoney Fork, North Carolina, into a poor farming family and grew up in the town
of Deep Gap. When he was two, he lost his sight due to an undiagnosed infection.

Encouraged by his parents, he became proficient on the harmonica. Later he took
up the banjo after his father made him an instrument with a "head" made from the
skin of the family's recently deceased pet cat. He got his first guitar at 13
and was soon learning to imitate the folk music he heard on Grand Ole Opry radio
broadcasts and on 78rpm records.

After leaving school Watson and an older brother began busking on street
corners, and aged 17 Watson began playing with a string band on local radio,
where an announcer gave him the nickname "Doc".

Inspired by Grady Martin, a Nashville session musician known for his virtuoso
playing on the electric guitar, Watson began to adapt fast fiddle tunes on a Les
Paul instrument, and in the 1950s he joined a dance band, playing an eclectic
mix of honky-tonk, country, pop, swing and square dance music. The band's fiddle
player did not always show up for gigs, and Watson often found himself called
upon to play the fiddle parts on his guitar - a technique he would later apply
to his adaptations of traditional tunes.

In 1960 he was discovered by the musician and folklorist Ralph Rinzler, who had
travelled to North Carolina to record the singer and banjo player Clarence "Tom"
Ashley. Watson was one of the musicians recruited by Ashley for the session.

Rinzler persuaded Watson to return to the acoustic guitar and traditional
country music, and arranged bookings for him on the folk festival circuit.
Watson's virtuoso renditions of Railroad Bill, Deep River Blues and other
favourites were soon causing a sensation.

In 1964 he was joined by his teenage son Merle on second guitar, recording and
performing "traditional plus" which, as Watson explained, meant "the traditional
music of the Appalachian region plus whatever other styles we were in the mood
to play". The pair produced albums including Doc Watson and Son (1965) and
Southbound (1966), the latter featuring Jimmie Driftwood's modern cowboy ballad
Tennessee Stud and the Chet Atkins instrumental Windy and Warm. In 1972 they
featured on the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band's Will the Circle Be Unbroken - a
rock-country album which sold more than a million copies.

In 1985, however, Merle was killed in a tractor accident and Watson gave up
touring. In 1988 he founded the MerleFest annual musical festival at Wilkesboro,
North Carolina, in his son's memory. It has grown into one of America's major
folk festivals.

Watson recorded some 60 albums, of which seven won Grammy awards. He also won a
Grammy lifetime achievement award and received the National Medal of the Arts
from President Bill Clinton in 1997.

Watson is survived by his wife, Rosa, and by a daughter.

Doc Watson, born March 3 1923, died May 29 2012

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Watson: adapted fiddle music
GETTY IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2012 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      May 14, 1998, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

WEEKEND AT HOME;
THE LATEST IN MUSIC, VIDEOS AND BOOKS;
A classic case of country

BYLINE: Miriam Longino

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 04D; Pg. 04D

LENGTH: 345 words


CLASSICAL/COUNTRY "MIdnight on the Water" Mark O'Connor. Sony. 18 tracks. Grade:
A. Verdict: Part hoedown, part high art. O'Connor melds two disparate music
forms to create an entirely new sound.

Take a look at the schizophrenic category we're filing this under and you get
immediate insight into why this new CD from virtuoso Mark O'Connor is so
appealing. Is he playing the violin? Or the fiddle? In this case, it's both.

"Midnight" is not a purely classical recording in the sense of the longhair
masters. But it's also a heck of a long way from the Nashville recording studio,
where O'Connor was one of the hottest session players of the 1980s and early
'90s, performing on hundreds of top country hits.

What he has done beautifully here is combine the spirited buoyancy and lonesome
wail of folk fiddle music with complex classical arrangements and techniques,
much like Aaron Copland's symphonies. For example, six original solo violin
caprices are dedicated to classical violinist and composer Niccolo Paganini. But
there's also a tribute to Texas fiddle great Benny Thomasson with a rousing
version of "Bonaparte's Retreat."

Calling from Washington D.C., where he was premiering a fiddle sonata on
National Public Radio's "Performance Today," O'Connor said, "I like bringing
together traditions from the past and trying to discover new ways to approach
music. I'm taking advantage of the beauty and spirit of folk music and blending
it with a classical form to make new music. It's part of the journey to see
where I can take my violin."

O'Connor's gift is his incredible proficiency on his instrument, no matter what
he's playing. Like someone who wears cowboy boots to a symphony hall, he
obviously feels comfortable in both worlds and shows both equal respect. Country
fans should check this out as an approachable and somewhat familiar gateway to
classical music. At the same time, classical supporters will appreciate how
O'Connor takes age-old musical techniques and applies them to from-the-soul
sounds of Appalachia. Access code: 825

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Metro Final Today's News

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Mark O'Connor marries fiddle soulfulness with violin virtuosity. / KIP
 LOTT / Warner Bros.

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                           November 4, 2004 Thursday

Flavor of the Irish in York

BYLINE: CHARLIE YOUNG The York Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 377 words


The Harp and Fiddle Irish pub and restaurant in York is on track for a Dec. 4
grand opening and is now hiring, said co-owner, Jimmy Fagan.

Irish authenticity: The wooden bar, a replica of one in a historic Dublin pub,
just arrived from Ireland on Monday and was being installed Tuesday, said Fagan,
himself a native of Ireland. Victorian-style furniture and decorations are
expected to arrive throughout the week.

The interior will be long on the dark wood and cozy cubbyholes famous in Irish
pubs. The first floor will have two fireplaces, and there is another on the
second floor.

The Harp and Fiddle also will import eight Irish bartenders and servers, who
will have 18-month visas to work in the U.S.

"It lends an air of authenticity to an Irish pub to have Irish people serving
you," Fagan said with a brogue that has seemingly faded little in his 20 years
in the United States.

Job openings: The Harp and Fiddle will employ 45 to 50 people. Job applications
will be taken at the CGA building at 135 N. George St. for the next couple of
weeks, Fagan said.

Although the Harp and Fiddle is trying to create an intimate feel, it will be
quite large. The pub will seat about 110 people at first-floor tables and booths
and another 30 at the bar. The upstairs will seat another 120.

Target crowd: Fagan, who owns the James Joyce pub in Baltimore's Inner Harbor
and another Irish pub in Arlington, Va., said the former Peter-
man Building at 110 N. George St. was the ideal location, with its high, tin
ceilings and original wood floors.

The building also now features second-floor access to a city parking garage,
offering both convenience and safety.

The Harp and Fiddle will focus on attracting everyone 21 and older, Fagan said.

"Typically, we get a lot of young professionals that don't want to be in the
night club scene but that do want to go out for a nice meal, hear some good
music and enjoy themselves," he said.

The menu will feature a mix of Irish cuisine and contemporary American dishes,
Fagan said.

Best sellers will likely be shepherd's pie, Guinness beef stew, fish and chips,
corned beef and cabbage, smoked salmon and mussels.

-- Reach Charlie Young at 324-0315 or cyoung@yorkdispatch.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                                 Copyright 2004


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Indian Valley Record (Greenville, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 28, 2012

Biq win for local fiddlers

BYLINE: Indian Valley Record staff

LENGTH: 205  words


Three local fiddlers won top honors at the California State Fiddling
Championships in Oroville the weekend of March 17.

Tallon Sandoval, of Janesville, and Johny McDonald, of Qaincy, placed first in
the Twin Fiddling division. They also placed second together in the Anything
Goes division with fiddle, cello and guitar. McDonald placed first in the Adult
division for the seventh time in the past 12 years. Holly

Sternberg, of Cromberg, placed second in the Young Adult division, accompanied
by Chris Retallack on guitar. Sandoval, 16, also placed fourth in the Junior
division.

Dave Johns, of Meadow Valley, accompanied Sandoval and McDonald in all four
divisions. The local five-piece "fiddle band" also entertained mid-afternoon to
a very receptive audience.

This is a very opportune time for the Twin division win because Sandoval,
McDonald and Johns are all traveling to Eugene, Ore., next month to record a
twin fiddle CD together. The twin CD will be released at the National Old Time
Fiddling Championships in Weiser, Idaho, in June. The musicians will also be
featured at a CD release performance at the Graeagle Mill Pond Wednesday, July
11, as well as a CD release party somewhere in Quincy to be announced at a later
date.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INV

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Indian Valley Record


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            August 30, 2007 Thursday

Labor Day weekend Dawn Dance rises again on Sunday

BYLINE: Entertainment

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 422 words


BRATTLEBORO -- On Sunday, dance aficionados from all over New England and beyond
will converge on town to take part in the biannual Brattleboro Dawn Dance, a
14-hour marathon of English country, contra and couple dancing in the
Gibson-Aiken Center at 207 Main St.

The Dawn Dance, which takes place each year on Memorial Day and Labor Day, draws
dancers from far and wide for the chance to dance the night away to a selection
of some of the finest dance musicians and callers in the country.

The Labor Day Dawn Dance begins with English dancing from 2:30 to 5:30 p.m. led
by Scott Higgs, a caller from the Philadelphia area known for his elegant and
fluent English dance leading. Music for the English dance segment will be
provided by Joyful Noise, with Barbara Greenberg on fiddle, Daniel Beerbohm on
clarinet and flute and Kathy Talvitie on piano.

At 8 p.m., caller Cis Hinkle of Atlanta will kick off the contra dance portion
of the evening with music by Ruthie Dornfeld on fiddle, Mark Roberts on flute,
banjo and percussion and Peter Barnes on piano and guitar.

At midnight, Elixir takes the stage for the second contra dance set. Elixir is
Nils Fredland calling and playing trombone, Ethan Hazzard-Watkins on fiddle,
Jesse Hazzard-Watkins on trumpet, Anna Patton on clarinet, Owen Morrison on
guitar and foot percussion, and Will Patton on bass and mandolin.

Combining Fredland's charismatic calling, driving fiddle and guitar and the rich
texture and rhythmic excitement of a full horn section, Elixir will keep the
energy high into the wee hours.

The final set of contra dancing begins at 3:30 a.m., with caller David Kaynor of
Montague, Mass., joined by Night Watch, with Naomi Morse on fiddle, Owen
Morrison on mandolin and guitar and Elvie Miller on accordion and piano.
Blending northern and southern musical roots, Night Watch features fiery and
flowing fiddling, facile improvisatory lead guitar and mandolin and groovy
accordion breaks and piano accompaniment.

Tickets are $10 for the English dance segment, $18 for the contra segment or $25
for both ($7, $14 or $21 for students and seniors). Tickets can be purchased
online at www.dawndance.org , in person at Maple Leaf Music in Brattleboro, or
at the door on Sept. 2, from 2:30 to 6 p.m. and again at 7:30 p.m. until sold
out.

For more information visit www.dawndance.org , e-mail info@dawndance.org , or
contact the Dawn Dance committee at 802-257-1571, 802-257-1006 or 802-257-9234.

Dancers should bring clean sneakers or soft-soled shoes to help protect the
dance floor.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              July 18, 2011 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FUNERAL NOTICES

SECTION: CLASSIFIED

LENGTH: 1557 words


LOIS DOROTHY FIDDLE On July 15, 2011 Lois Dorothy Fiddle passed away at Hospice
by the Sea after a six year battle with ovarian cancer. Lois was born on
September 7, 1935 in Binghamton, NY and lived there for the first fifty years of
her life. She spent the last twenty five years in Boynton Beach, FL. Lois was
predeceased by her parents, Shirley and Norman Marks, her sisters Carolyn
Steklof and Eleanor Marks, and her grandson Daniel Fiddle. Lois is survived by
her loving husband Seymour of fifty three years.

She is also survived by her three children and their families; her son Fred and
his wife Linda and their daughter Ava, her son Howard and his sons Evan and
Michael and her daughter Marci and her husband Paul and their sons Robert, Sam
and Max. Lois is also survived by her brother Josef Marks and wife Bonnie and
brother Jonathan Marks as well as in-laws Marvin Steklof, Rocky and Lewis
Klugman. Lois graduated from SUNY Brockport in 1957 and taught elementary school
in Rochester and Binghamton for many years. Lois and Seymour were married in
Binghamton in 1958. Lois was a dedicated teacher but her first love was always
her family and friends. Over the years Lois loved sports including tennis,
skiing and golf. She also enjoyed playing cards, bridge was her favorite game.
All those that were blessed to know her witnessed her tremendous determination
and zeal for life while always displaying a kind and compassionate disposition.
The funeral will be held at Beth Israel Memorial Chapel in Boynton Beach, FL, on
July 18 at 1:00 PM. If you are interested in honoring Lois, please send a
contribution in her name to The Daniel Jordan Fiddle Foundation, P.O. Box 1149,
Ridgewood, NJ 07451-1149. To express condolences and/or make donations Visit
PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries

JAMES R. HOWARD James R. Howard, age, 58, went to be with the Lord on July 15,
2011. Jim was a very dedicated Palm Beach County Firefighter for 16 proud years.
He retired in July 2010 due to his illness. He suffered and battled cancer for
five years and never lost his Faith in Jesus Christ. His courage and
determination were admirable until the very end of his life. A pure scripture
for Jim is 2 Timothy 4:7: "I have fought the good fight, I have finished the
race, I have kept the Faith". Jim was born on February 16, 1953 in Rahway, NJ to
James and Audrey Howard. He had one faithful sister, Cheryl who adored her
little brother. Jim had many interests growing up, such as: horseback riding,
surfing, skiing, fishing, boating, playing football in High School, fitness,
antique and classic cars, running, traveling, collecting memorable knives and
most of all, his fascination and excitement for motorcycles. Jim cherished his
Harley Davidsons and owned several throughout his life. He rode day or night and
always shared his passion for riding with family and friends. Jim was
intelligent, spiritual, protective and a well-respected husband, father,
grandfather, brother, uncle, nephew, brother-in-law, son-in-law, cousin and
genuine friend. Most of all, he was a Brother to all the Firefighters who
touched his life. He was a comforting and gentle spirit with a heart of gold.
Jim was truly a courageous man of strength, dignity, integrity and perseverance.
He leaves behind his loving and devoted wife, Barbara. She feels in her heart
Jim had all the characteristics of a Hero: Courage, Sacrifice, Loyalty,
Determination, Strength, Dedication and Endurance. He also leaves behind his
dedicated and devout sister, Cheryl; his beautiful niece, Cristi; his loyal
sons, Jonathan and Justin; Jonathan shares: "Jim will always be adored as a true
role model, a loving father and someone he will forever look up to." He leaves
behind his endearing five year old grandson, Omar; his brothers-in-law, Chris,
Peter and Steven. Thank you Steven for your extraordinary love and loyalty. You
always brought smiles and laughter to him. His compassionate and encouraging
sisters-in-law, Lorraine and Marlene. He also leaves behind his favorite Aunt
Sis and Uncle Bill who have loved, encouraged and inspired him since he was a
young boy. They had a very honorable and meaningful relationship. He will be
missed by his Darling female cousins, Bonnie, Kellie, Marion, and Laura. They
all grew up together and share precious stories to treasure forever. He also
leaves behind a true admirer, his father-in-law, Peter Gregory, age 91. They had
a very special bond. Also, the Howards, the Ziegenbalgs, the Parkinsons, the
Gregorys, the Ceceres, the Greenes, the Laurenzanos, the Gagnons, the Felbers,
the Majaks, the Myers, the Vances, the Parras, the Ropers and the Flahertys. Our
family wishes to thank all the Doctors at M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in
Houston, TX for their expertise and treatment of Jim's rare cancer,
Angiosarcoma. We also want to express our sincere gratitude to Dr. Hilary
Gomolin and Lisa Bodnar, ARNP for their knowledge, excellent care and grace.
Also, Thank You to the outstanding nurses and staff of Lynn Cancer Institute for
their true commitment. Our last Thank You is to the Palm Beach County
Firefighters Benevolent Association for their support, generosity, compassion
and prayers in our time of need. God Bless You All. Jim Howard would like to
dedicate this Scripture to his Firefighter Brothers: Proverbs: 17:17: "A FRIEND
LOVES AT ALL TIMES". In lieu of flowers, please donate to: St. Judes Children's
Research Hospital, 501 St. Jude Place, Memphis, TN 38105 or www.stjude.org in
Jim's honor. YOU WILL ALWAYS BE MY HERO. A visitation will be held on Wednesday,
July 20, 2011 from 11:00 AM to 2:00 PM at Lorne & Sons Funeral Home, 745 NE 6th
Avenue, (Federal Hwy. Northbound) Delray Beach, FL. Services will follow at 3:30
PM at Our Lady Queen of Peace Mausoleum, 10941 Southern Blvd., Royal Palm Beach,
FL 33411, (561) 793-0711. To express condolences and/or make donations Visit
PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries

CHARLOTTE CHALKLEY Age 68, formerly of Delray Beach and Boynton Beach, passed
away on July 14, 2011. A loving mother, she is survived by her children, Andrea
Jolly, Christine Hawkins, Romy Rozzo, and Manfred Koenig. Also left to cherish
her memory are her grandchildren, Anthony Goots, Jason Hawkins, Ricky Powell,
Carmine Rozzo, and Bianca Rozzo. A Memorial Gathering will be held at Babione
Funeral Home, West Chapel, on Monday, July 18, 2011 from 10:00 - 11:00 AM with a
Memorial Service to follow at 11:00 AM. Arrangements entrusted to Babione
Funeral Home, www.BabioneSouthFlorida.com. To express condolences and/or make
donations Visit PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries

MAX FUCHS Max Fuchs, born May 18, 1911, passed from this earth at the age of 100
on July 17, 2011 at 8:30 AM. He was born in New York City. Married to Etta
Schumer and lived happily for 62 years until her passing on August 23, 2006. Max
was a calm peaceful man with a kind soul. He lived a simple life and knew the
importance of finding the joys in everyday life. Max was the last living member
of his large family and he was blessed with two brothers and five sisters. He
will be remembered for his sparkling blue eyes, genuine kindness and the lesson
taught to his children and grandchildren "laugh and have fun in life." Preceded
in death by his beloved son Brian, Max is survived by his doting daughter Carren
(Julius) Dorian, three granddaughters, and three great grand- daughters... his
memory will live on. Memorial contributions to Hospice of Palm Beach County,
5300 East Avenue, West Palm Beach, FL 33407. Graveside service to be held at
3:00 PM today at Eternal Light Memorial Gardens Cemetery, Boynton Beach, FL.
Arrangements entrusted to Levitt- Weinstein Memorial Chapel, Coconut Creek, FL,
(954) 427-6500. To express condolences and/or make donations Visit
PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries

CLARA EAGAN ZABRISKI Daughter of Bruce and Sarah (Marmion) Zabriski, and sister
of brothers Evan and Neal, passed away on July 16, 2011. Born July 9, 2001, she
lived a wonderful and full ten years. She loved playing with her friends in the
neighborhood, doing Girl Scouts, lying on the big bed with her dog Stauch, and
most of all being home with her family. Along with her immediate family, Clara
is survived by her grandmothers, Barbara Woodward and Patricia Marmion; her
uncle Tierney and aunt Elizabeth and their children, Norah, Maeve and Niamh; her
uncle Don and aunt Sheila and their children, Conor, Clare and Liam; and her
uncle Peter and aunt Margaret and their son, Christopher. She was preceded in
death by her grandfathers, Harry Marmion and Peter Zabriski. Family and friends
are invited to a service in celebration of Clara's life at 3:00 PM on Thursday,
July 21 at JupiterFIRST Church. In lieu of flowers, contributions can be made in
her name to the Secret Sheperd Fund at JupiterFirst Church, 1475 Indian Creek
Parkway, Jupiter, FL 33458. The Zabriskis would like to thank all of the
talented and compassionate doctors and nurses who helped care for Clara during
her life. She was a fighter and she faced every challenge with courage. She
loved coming home and that was her inspiration and our peace. For online
condolences and directions, please visit taylorandmodeen.com. Taylor & Modeen
Funeral Home Family Owned & Operated (561) 744-2030, Jupiter, FL To express
condolences and/or make donations Visit PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                            April 16, 2009 Thursday

Fascinating instruments in San Anselmo shop inspire novel

BYLINE: Paul Liberatore

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 1197 words


Sadly, the musical institutions in Marin County - the authentic places like
Village Music, the original Sweetwater, New George's, the Lion's Share - have
been disappearing slowly but inexorably over the decades, leaving fans
frustrated and nostalgic and sometimes angry over what's been lost.

But Amazing Grace Music, the venerable acoustic instrument shop in San Anselmo,
is still with us after nearly 40 years. And there's no reason to believe that it
won't be around for 40 more.

For this we can thank George Lucas, Marin's movie mogul in a plaid shirt, who
lives in a Victorian mansion across noisy Redhill Avenue (aka the Miracle Mile)
from Amazing Grace.

He likes the small-town character of his neighborhood, and he can afford to keep
it that way. In 2004, Lucas bought the funky, low-slung Amazing Grace building,
once a railroad stop, preserving a local landmark that has been an acoustic
music mecca since folk singer Steve Young and his wife, Terrye Newkirk, opened
it in 1970.

In the process, he's saved a mom-and-pop business that famous musicians such as
Jerry Garcia and Ramblin' Jack Elliott, as well as devoted amateurs, old-time
music hobbyists, instrument collectors and school kids taking lessons, have
patronized for decades.

"George handed us the winning lottery ticket," grinned proprietor John Pedersen,
who has run Amazing Grace with his wife, Judy Kaufman, for 27 years, repairing
instruments in a claustrophobic workshop in the back. "Without him we would have
been bounced."

Their cozy establishment is redolent of wood oil, lacquer, polish and dust. The
walls are hung with vintage acoustic guitars, banjos, mandolins, dulcimers,
ukuleles, autoharps, anything a respectable string band might need or want.

The grandson of a noted Heldeberg Mountain fiddler in upstate New York, the
56-year-old Pedersen is a round-bellied man in blue work clothes with graying
hair and a salt-and-pepper beard.

He took up the fiddle when he was 13, and has a special affinity for them,
stringing his collection together like graceful wooden charms on a bracelet.

"They collect me, I don't collect them," he said. "Most of them have serious
issues that would keep them from being sold until someone comes along and
repairs them."

Hanging there, they form a palette of Rembrandt browns - dark mahogany, glowing
red cherry, hard black ebony, the blond hues of curly maple.

Fascinated by their histories, Pedersen takes pleasure in knowing that each of
these antique instruments, "the strange old fiddles I have in the back," has its
own storied past, its own memories, its own secrets.

"For an instrument guy like me, you're always looking for the great violin," he
said. "Violins essentially look the same, but you never know what's going to be
in that next nasty case. It's so exciting. I have loads of violins that have
stories with them. People come in and have no idea what to do with them, so they
leave them with me. After they tell me the story of the violin, how it was
played and where it was played, I usually write the stories down before I hang
them up. I keep the fiddles with the stories."

One gray and rainy morning, he took out a couple of fiddles that he plays in his
bluegrass band, the Roadoilers. One's called the Red Rocket. It found him when a
woman came in unannounced and gave him three violin cases she didn't want. To
Pedersen's surprise and delight, one of them had an unusual reddish fiddle in
it, inspiring its nickname. He repaired it and played it for the next 25 years.

"It had a crack in it," he recalled. "I had to take it apart to fix it. It was
like doing brain surgery on my own child."

The other goes by the name of Mill Valley, after the town where it was made in
1927. Attracted by what he calls its "hillbilly charm," Pedersen bought it in
pieces for $150 from a thrift store in San Rafael and put it back in playing
shape.

"I always thought it was the coolest thing in the world to have a fiddle made in
Mill Valley," he said. "I've played it for years and years. It's pretty, but it
sounds like a cannon. I've played it for so long that I know how to kick it, how
to make it drive the bus."

Both of Pedersen's fiddles figure prominently in his debut novel, "Scroll and
Curl: An Old-time Bluegrass Mystery." His protagonist is a bluegrass fiddler
named Dan Munroe, a character much like Pedersen himself.

Munroe buys a mysterious violin at a sidewalk sale in Manhattan while he's on
tour with his old-time string band, Sweet Evening Breeze, a fictional group
based on real bands that Pedersen has played in over the years - the Arkansas
Sheiks, Fennigs All Stars, the Swamp Root String Band, Highballers from the
Planet Hell.

"He realizes this fiddle is something special, but he doesn't know the extent of
it," Pedersen said, explaining the plot. "He arranges to have it looked at and
appraised by a violin dealer, and that's when the trouble starts."

The trouble would be the murder of the unfortunate dealer by someone who would
be willing to kill to get that violin. It's a mystery Munroe must unravel like
he does the frayed horsehair on one of his violin bows.

"Frankly, I don't think it's that farfetched," Pedersen said. "Instrument guys
on that level can be desperate. There are people who love the instruments so
much they might go to such lengths. Nobody I know, of course. But it could
happen."

Encouraged by San Anselmo mystery writer Joe Gores, Pedersen dove into writing
his novel, letting it unfold organically, using his own experience and the
stories of his friends as material, a classic case of writing what you know.

"The mystery developed day by day," he explained. "I had an outline, but the
actual story didn't follow the outline at all. I decided to write it day by day
and see what happened, to ask who could be after the violin besides everybody? I
modeled characters after people I know. The look of them, their mannerisms. A
lot of the wacky stuff happened to me or somebody."

"Scroll and Curl," a title taken from the decorative headpiece of a violin, the
scroll, and the curly maple some fiddles are made of, was published by the
Southern California company Firefall Editions.

In addition to being a luthier and instrument repairman, Pedersen also plays and
makes sets of Uillean pipes, the Irish version of the Scottish bagpipe, but
played with bellows rather than the breath.

The pipes he builds are like works of art made from bone and brass, fine woods
and leather. It takes him a year to finish a set.

The Uillean pipes play a role in Pedersen's second book, a novel he's working on
that's set in the San Francisco Irish session music scene, "sessions" being the
informal jams that go on in many Irish bars.

"The main guy in the next book is an accordion player, but the Uillean pipes and
pipers are certainly part of the story," he said. This time I'm getting to
describe myself as a piper through other people's eyes. That should be pretty
funny."

IF YOU GO

- What: "Scroll and Curl" reading and book signing with John Pedersen

- When: 4 p.m. April 25

- Where: Book Passage, 51 Tamal Vista Blvd., Corte Madera

- Cost: Free

- Information: 927-0960; www.bookpassage.com

Contact Paul Liberatore via e-mail at liberatore@marinij.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John Pedersen holds a fiddle that appeared on the cover of his new
book.
John Pedersen, owner of Amazing Grace music store in San Rafael, plays his
fiddle. He has written a book, "Scroll and Curl, an Oldtime Bluegrass Mystery."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2009 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 14, 2012 Friday

East Grand Forks to host fiddle, dance and clog workshop

BYLINE: Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 350 words


Sept. 14--An afternoon dance workshop and an evening community dance and concert
are scheduled for Saturday at the East Grand Forks Eagles Club sponsored by
North Country Fiddle and Dance.

Special guest band will be Pig's Eye Landing with The Wild Goose Chase Cloggers,
both from the Twin Cities, a news release said.

Pig's Eye Landing has been performing for 20 years and has recorded five albums,
playing for many dance camps, music festivals and concerts. The group toured
Sweden in 1999.

The dance workshop will be from 3 to 4:30 p.m. Saturday at the Eagles and the
concert and dance will be from 7:30 to 10:30 p.m. Saturday. Admission to the
concert and dance will be by donation.

Pig's Eye Landing -- sometimes called The Pigs -- likes to play different
musical styles and genres, said a news release from North Country Fiddle and
Dance. American old-time, French-Canadian, Irish and Scandinavian fiddle tunes
all provide grist for the mill and help to get the dancers moving.

The current incarnation of The Pigs features of Tim Reese (fiddle and
nyckelharpa), Jim Parker (mandolin and guitar) and Adam Kiesling (guitar, banjo
and bass). All three have spent time playing music for the Twin Cities-based
Appalachian clogging group, The Wild Goose Chase Cloggers, established in 1979.
Parker spent a few years clogging with them.

Families, singles and couples all are welcome at this event, where simple North
American folk dances will be taught and called to live fiddle/banjo style music.
You don't need to be an experienced dancer.

If you go

--What: North Country Fiddle and Dance workshop, community dance and concert

--Dance workshop: 3 to 4:30 p.m. Saturday, Eagles Club, 227 10th St. NW, East
Grand Forks

--Community dance and concert: 7:30 to 10:30 p.m. Saturday, Eagles Club

--Performers: Pig's Eye Landing with The Wild Goose Chase Cloggers, both from
the Twin Cities

--Admission: Donations at the door

More from around the web

___ (c)2012 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120914-GF-East-Grand-Forks-to-host-fiddle
-dance-and-clog-workshop-0914-20120914

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2012 Grand Forks Herald


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                The Fiddle House

                              1009 Clearview Ave.
                              Nashville,  TN 37206
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (615) 730-8402
FAX: (615) 739-6929
URL: www.thefiddlehouse.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Fiddle House is a full service string shop offering a fine selection of
great sounding fiddles, bows, strings, rosin, cases and other accessories. In
addition to being a great place to shop for your next fiddle or bow, we also
perform the finest violin repair in the Nashville area. Here's what some of our
clientele have to say!  "In all my travels I've never found a better fiddle shop
than the one six blocks down the street from my house. I can shop from a premier
selection of violins, have repair work done, buy a case, bow, strings, rosin,
and more than that I can talk music, hear music, play music, and otherwise
cavort and congregate alongside Nashville's top string players. Even if you
never picked up a fiddle in your life, the Fiddle House is the place to be."

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           August 14, 2014, Thursday

Appalachian String Band Festival winners

SECTION: GAZZ; Pg. P4D

LENGTH: 415 words


The 25th annual Appalachian String Band Festival was held July 30-Aug. 3 at Camp
Washington-Carver in Clifftop. Nearly 30 musicians, as well as nine dancers,
took home awards and, in some cases, cash prizes. The winners were:

* Banjo: 1st: Bob Smakula, Elkins; 2nd: Dan Gellert, Dayton, Ohio; 3rd: Joseph
Decosimo, Durham, N.C.; 4th: Victor Furtado, Front Royal, Va.; 5th: Brad
Kolodner, Baltimore, Md.

* Youth banjo (age 15 and younger): 1st: Victor Furtado, Front Royal, Va.; 2nd:
Trevor Hammons, Marlinton; 3rd: Nathan Bigham, Safety Harbor, Fla.

* Senior banjo (age 60 and older): 1st: Dan Gellert, Dayton, Ohio; 2nd: John
Morris, Ivydale, W.Va.; 3rd: Ian Alexander, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.

* Fiddle: 1st: Aaron Olwell, Nellysford, Va.; 2nd: Joseph Decosimo, Durham,
N.C.; 3rd: Rhys Jones, Warrenton, Va.; 4th: Dan Gellert, Dayton, Ohio; 5th:
Charlie Hunter, Birmingham, Ala.

* Youth fiddle (age 15 and younger): 1st: William Brauneis, Washington, D.C.;
2nd: Isabella Gorman, Charlottesville, Va.; 3rd: Kitty Amaral, Elk Creek, Va.

* Senior fiddle (age 60 and older): 1st: Dan Gellert, Dayton, Ohio; 2nd: Pete
Vigour, Crozet, Va.; 3rd: Betty Vornbrock, Hillsville, Va.

* Neo-Traditional band: 1st: No. 46-1/2, Beckley; 2nd: The Buck Stops Here,
Longwood, Fla.; 3rd:' Poor Taters, Athens, W.Va.; 4th: Goob Youth and the Old
Guy, Lancaster, Pa.; 5th: One Hundred and Eighty Proof, Asheville, N.C.

* Youth neo-traditional band (age 18 and younger): 1st: The Gypsy Hoppers,
Urbana, Ill.

* Traditional band: 1st: Bucking Mules, Durham, N.C.; 2nd: Big Foot, Marshall,
N.C.; 3rd: Bass Master Pros, Winchester, Va.; 4th: Uncle Henry's Favorites,
Crozet, Va.; 5th: All Day Breakfast String Band, Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

* Youth traditional band (age 18 and younger): 1st: Lost Hat, Berkeley, Calif.

* Best original song: One Hundred and Eighty Proof, Asheville, N.C.

* Best original tune: The Buck Stops Here, Longwood, Fla.

* Old-Time flat-foot dance (age 15 and younger): 1st: Victor Furtado, Front
Royal, Va.; 2nd: Luke Snuffer, Beckley.

* Old-Time flat-foot dance (ages 16-40): 1st: Sam Timmreck, Minneapolis, Minn.;
2nd: Greta Fitzgibbon, Montrose, W.Va.; 3rd: Phoebe Douthwaite, Leeds, England.

* Old-Time flat-foot dance (ages 41-59): 1st: Bill McGuigan, Hellam, Pa.

* Old-Time flat-foot dance (ages 60 and older): 1st: Steve Green, West Fork,
Ark.; 2nd: Jane Henderson, Bloomington, Ind.; 3rd: Rock Howland, Mount Airy, Md.

* Old-Time flat-foot dance grand champion: Sam Timmreck, Minneapolis, Minn.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                            February 12, 2007 Monday
                                 FIRST Edition

House music Pa-fect

SECTION: CLASSI; Pg. 78

LENGTH: 588  words


MUSIC

THE way Laura Ingalls Wilder used music to help weave her stories of life on the
US frontier struck a chord with Dale Cockrell because he and his son read the
Little House series nearly 10 years ago.

Now, the Vanderbilt University professor has his own record label, Pa's Fiddle
Recordings, and is recording a 10-CD set that brings to life all 126 songs
mentioned in Wilder's books.

With the 140th anniversary of Wilder's birth and the 50th anniversary of her
death this month, Cockrell was recently awarded a National Endowment for the
Humanities fellowship to help with part of the project.

''In looking back on it, I don't any books better capture the way music worked
in the 19th-century family,'' says Cockrell, a professor of musicology,
essentially a music historian.

''I came to the conclusion not only are the books rich in music making, but it's
virtually a playlist of first-century American music.''

Wilder biographer William Anderson says the fiddle music of Wilder's Pa, Charles
Ingalls, served as a rosy symbol in the midst of the family's struggles on the
frontier.

''The fiddle music was always the highlight of the day after all the work had
been done. Pa's fiddle really helped them keep going through tough times,''
Anderson says.

Pa's music covered a range of genres: patriotic music, folk music, spirituals
and hymns, even minstrel songs.

Other songs were featured during Wilder's time at singing school and social
gatherings.

Cockrell found the recordings of Jep Bisbee, a fiddler who was born eight years
after Pa was born and in the same Pennsylvania county. Bisbee moved west about
the same time as the Ingalls did and was often accompanied on piano by his
daughter, much as Pa was accompanied by a young Laura.

Bisbee's The Girl I Left Behind Me, recorded by Thomas Edison, serves as a segue
into the first album of the series, Happy Land: Musical Tributes to Laura
Ingalls Wilder, and is followed by a modern version of the song.

Cockrell and Butch Baldassari had help from several musicians. The best-known
among them the Grammy-winning quartet Riders in the Sky, the Grand Ole Opry
members famed for their cowboy-style western music.

Happy Land, released in June 2005, serves as a sort of anthology for the series,
featuring a sampling of what Cockrell saw as the best songs. The album contains
some songs still well-known today, including Sweet By and By, and Oh! Susanna.

Happy Land will be the first CD featured on the National Endowment for the
Humanities' We the People Bookshelf program, which provides classic books
related to a particular theme -- next year's is the pursuit of happiness -- to
2000 US libraries.

''I was convinced this was a wonderful thing to be able to hear these songs,''
says Elizabeth Arndt, a senior program officer who suggested the album for We
the People. ''When I was a kid, I wanted to know what some of these songs
sounded like.''

T HE National Endowment for the Humanities fellowship was awarded to Cockrell
for work on the scholarly portion of his Little House project -- a publication
he's called The Ingalls Wilder Family Songbook, which will include essays about
the music.

Cockrell hopes the albums appeal to fans of the Little House series and to a
broader audience that latched on to the 2000

O Brother, Where Art Thou? movie soundtrack of bluegrass and country music.

''The O Brother phenomenon kind of opened up the possibility of this. Of course,
I'd love it if people were to get on to it and just go 'What a great CD, what
great music and great performances'.''

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             May 31, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Housework or concerts: Easy choice

BYLINE: Richard Bercuson, Citizen Special

SECTION: CITY; Richard Bercuson; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 725  words


These are exciting times in Ottawa, and with good reason. They're also
expensive. By August, it's entirely possible many Ottawans will be broke.

Not that we should expect sympathy. We're a city capable of drawing many
emotions, and sympathy is rarely one of them.

Nevertheless, divesting ourselves of dough is a marvellous way to pass the time
in warm weather. People want to do it in one of two ways: buy tickets for the
plethora of concerts and festivals (and, um, oh yeah, a certain sports team), or
fiddle-faddle around the house and garden.

Frankly, tickets are the way to go. They provide instant gratification, the
soul's equivalent of a sugar high, with no lingering side-effects, unless you
count hangovers. Clothing choices are varied, venues are indoors and out, and
you can get your exercise via step aerobics by dancing over bodies or trash.

The fiddle-faddle approach does nothing for me. It's terribly time-consuming.
Mowing the lawn, just about the worst kind of fiddle-faddle, is a twice- weekly
nuisance at this time of year. I'd sooner spend the 45 minutes searching online
for Senators forward Brian McGrattan's career highlights.

All my neighbours fiddle-faddle a lot, oblivious to the wasted expense and
unaware that their money is more satisfactorily spent at a local festival.

One couple has a backyard birdbath. They put a flower bed around it and fixed
the bird feeder hanging nearby to provide a three-course meal.

It's lovely, and their bird visitors bathe in more luscious surroundings than I
do. One night when they're away, I may give it a try. The bath, not the food.

Fiddle-faddling is not cheap. A couple of doors away, a fellow had his veranda
rebuilt so that his home's facade resembles the front of a South Carolina
plantation. For the same price, he could have provided the entire street with
tickets to the Stanley Cup final, plus full passes to every local summer
festival.

Talk about a grandiose fiddle-faddle. He probably can't afford to go to any
summer concerts and instead will spend sticky evenings lounging on his new
outdoor wicker furniture. He's also a Boston Bruins fan, which explains plenty.

I was scanning festival websites the other day to prepare budget deliberations
with the bank. Of course, I told them ticket purchases are on hold till after
the playoffs, since it's hard to predict just how much I'll spend on partying
downtown.

Growing up in Montreal meant living with Stanley Cup parades and related events.
For many, I was too young. The ones later on, in the '70s, are a blur. I have no
clue what I spent except it was during my pre-fiddle-faddle home-ownership epoch
when discretionary income meant all of it.

Even then, it was called liquid assets.

The advantage to living in our house as long as we have is that fiddle-faddling
has become mostly cosmetic. The birdbath neighbours are too nice to openly
cringe at our pockmarked back lawn or the old TV cable dangling below a
second-floor window. By now, they understand my proclivity for the minimalist
approach.

On the other side, a neighbour who repaired his driveway wall himself (he's over
70) probably sees me as a curiosity. He's always fixing, cleaning or plant-

ing. I sit outside and scan the paper for something to go to, with nary a
compunction of guilt.

The way I see it, home fiddle-faddling has no endpoint. You could tinker with
flowers, lawns, soffits, windows, door trims, and caulking and never be done.
Daily trips to hardware stores add up. A new hose is about equal to three Fringe
Festival shows, or one at Magnetic North. Rain's cheaper.

At least when you go to an event around town, you know in advance what you've
spent. You leave with an inner glow. It comes from knowing the money you dropped
to see Bob Dylan survive a three-song set was a personal historic highlight.

How can anyone compare repainting a deck with the value of a ticket to the
Empire Brass at the Chamber Music Festival?

Imagine The Conga Kings in Confederation Park during the Jazz Festival (for just
$20), then try to justify rustproof spray paint for the porch railing.

(Exception: Westfest is free, but you'll still buy food and T-shirts).

In six months, we'll be covered in snow and the fiddle-faddling will, again,
have been for naught. But John Fogerty at Scotiabank Place? This will be money
well spent.

Richard Bercuson is an Ottawa teacher and writer.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            April 9, 2014 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

MUSICIAN, EMCEE WAS 'A NATURAL';
FIDDLER WAS MENTOR TO OTHER AUGUSTANS

BYLINE:  Don Rhodes  Music Columnist

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 622 words


Ed Hurt very humbly often described himself as just another bluegrass musician,
when in truth he was one of the greatest mandolin and fiddle players anywhere.

And he emceed some of the largest bluegrass and folk music festivals in the
South, including the Union Grove, N.C., National Fiddlers' Convention, which
drew around a quarter of a million people when it finally closed in 1979.

He also emceed the nationally known bluegrass festivals held in Lavonia, Ga.,
Myrtle Beach, S.C., Dallas, Ga., and elsewhere, where he introduced on stage the
who's who of the bluegrass music world including Bill Monroe, Lester Flatt,
Keith Whitley, Ralph Stanley, Ricky Skaggs, Jimmy Martin, Doc Watson, Jim &
Jesse McReynolds, Mac Wiseman, The Osborne Brothers and hundreds more.

"He never worked any on the festivals I had," said Norman Adams, of Dahlonega,
Ga., who promotes major bluegrass festivals in several states, "but I saw him
working at several festivals, and he was A-plus and a natural at it in my
opinion."

Hurt died Sunday at the age of 90 after being in longtime care of the Veterans
Administration's Hospice, Lenwood Division, in Augusta.

Graveside services will be 11 a.m. today in Hillcrest Memorial Park.

The native of Hazard, Ky., who lived in Augusta for 70 years, loved music from
an early age and began playing it when his older brother in the military in
Hawaii sent him a Hawaiian ukulele.

His father, seeing his son's serious musical interest, got him a Gene Autry
guitar. Hurt eventually began to focus his interest on the guitar and the fiddle
.

Hurt loved playing his 150-year-plus fiddle, supposedly carved by a Native
American with a small knife, and his mandolin made in 1923, the year he was
born.

The famous Renfro Valley (Ky.) Barn Dance Show hired Hurt, but then World War II
came along. While serving in the South Pacific he was wounded and was later
awarded a Purple Heart.

Hurt ended up in Augusta in 1951, when his brother was stationed at Camp Gordon,
and he became a bus driver for Continental Lines going between Asheville, N.C.,
and Augusta. A chance meeting with passenger C.P. Boardman led Hurt in 1952 to
join Boardman Oil Co., where he was clerk and fleet transport dispatcher for
many years.

Settling in Augusta led him to form country and bluegrass bands and to organize
the Peach Blossom Special live program shortly after WRDW-TV went on the air in
February 1954.

Among the Peach Blossom Special's regular guests was a pre-teen Brenda Lee, the
future rock/country legend.

Over the decades, Hurt became the mentor and instructor for many of Augusta's
budding musicians, including Doug and Talmadge Flowers, John Lamb and Eryn
Eubanks.

"Ed worked with me when almost no other musician in town would play with me,"
said Eubanks, who fronts her popular Family Fold band and her own music festival
and plays 15 instruments.

"I tell people I would not be the same musician and my band's repertoire would
not be the same if not for Ed Hurt. Many of the mandolin tunes I play are ones
that he taught me."

Legendary local singer Flo Carter, who knew Hurt for 60 years, said of him, "We
did so many shows together over the years including at the Morris Museum of Art.
I thought so much of him and his knowledge of music.

"I visited him at the VA hospital, and he would just come to life when he
started talking about his music and the musicians we both knew."

Hurt's longtime fan and wife, Nita, died in 2005, but he continued to carry on
the music they both loved.

"I don't think it will ever die," Hurt once said of bluegrass music. "It's one
of the last remaining things (bluegrass festivals) you can take your family to.
It's not a barroom type of music."

To his fans and friends, the memory of Hurt himself will never die.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hurt mug

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2014 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             May 31, 2006 Wednesday

Youth in Coastal Blue prep for bluegrass breakthrough

BYLINE: Tamara McClaran

SECTION: Pg. L-10

LENGTH: 616 words


Most kids today are listening to rap, hip-hop or pop music. Not 15-year-old Mike
Coker of Atlantic Beach. He loves bluegrass.

"It is kind of weird for a 15-year-old kid, but it is all he listens to," said
his father, Mike Coker Sr. "When he told me he wanted to learn to play the
banjo, I thought he was joking."

The younger Coker, who attends the Beaches' Foundation Academy, wasn't kidding.
Last year he joined Coastal Blue, the six-piece youth band of the North Florida
Bluegrass Association. The association was formed about 30 years ago by
bluegrass music lovers who like to "pick and play," said musician Cable Spence,
Coastal Blue's band coordinator.

Although the association has about 1,100 members, bluegrass music isn't the
popular choice among today's youth. Spence and other association leaders
recognized the need to attract more young people to the organization, not only
for the association's survival, but also for bluegrass music's continued
existence.

"We didn't want to miss a chance to pass on this music to other people," Spence
said. "We need youngsters to carry on the tradition of this very American
music."

There are a lot of bands in this organization, and they decided to form a youth
band to attract younger players. Initially only three kids showed up. Not
willing to give up, Spence and other leaders continued to promote the group.
Over the past year, other young musicians joined the band to take advantage of
opportunities to perform.

Coastal Blue will present its first concert as the featured band Saturday at the
Atlantic Theatres in Atlantic Beach.

In addition to Mike Coker Jr., the members of Coastal Blue are Macy Williamson,
13, on mandolin; Loni Taylor, 12, on fiddle; John Searcy, 12, on guitar; Joshua
Teed, 8, on fiddle and Kailey Oldenburg, 8, on guitar.

The band also appeared in the 60th annual Beaches parade last month. The
association's Grand Ole Opry float was built by the Cokers.

All the band members play their own instruments and several sing. The band's
music director, Jane Royal, said the musicians are working hard on their
individual skills as well as performing as a band.

"It's a whole new world playing as a band with other instruments," Royal said.
"These students are a joy to watch."

Royal said each band member is taking music lessons, and not just for bluegrass.
Several of the young musicians are focusing on classical studies. They spend
many hours each week practicing individually as well as rehearsing as a group.

"These kids and their families make a lot of sacrifices to be a part of this,"
Spence said. "What they have been able to accomplish as a group is quite
astonishing."

Mike Coker Sr. agreed being a part of the band and traveling to rehearsals and
performances takes a lot of time. Yet he said the experience has been worth it
and he believes learning an instrument has helped his son in many ways,
including improving his schoolwork and concentration.

Several adult musicians in the association have become mentors as well as
teachers to the young musicians. Spence said he has never seen a group of kids
so driven to succeed as Coastal Blue, and he hopes they can encourage other
young musicians to join the band.

"It gives youngsters an opportunity to play traditional bluegrass music the way
it should be played," Spence said. "The music will be part of them for the rest
of their lives."

IF YOU GO

Thursday's bluegrass featuring Coastal Blue youth bluegrass band along with
Flat, Broke & Lonesome and Woods & Bridges will perform from 2 to 6 p.m.
Saturday at the Atlantic Theatres, 751 Atlantic Blvd., Atlantic Beach. Tickets
are $10 for adults, $5 for children. For tickets, call 249-7529 or visit
www.atlantictheatres.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Special The Coastal Blue band members are Mike Coker, banjo; Macy Williamson,
mandolin; Loni Taylor, fiddle; John Searcy, guitar; Joshua Teed, fiddle; and
Kailey Oldenburg, guitar.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Out-of-towners fare well at fiddlers convention

BYLINE: Tom Joyce, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1111 words


June 13--While Surry County is considered a stronghold of traditional music,
out-of-towners gave the locals a run for their money at last weekend's 42nd
Annual Bluegrass and Old-Time Fiddlers Convention in Mount Airy.

A complete list of winners, released Wednesday, shows that contestants from the
greater Mount Airy area captured first-place honors in seven of the 23
competition categories listed.

The convention, held Friday and Saturday at Veterans Memorial Park, featured 615
adult contestants and 75 youth contestants, according to Michael Thorpe, an
organizer for the event.

This included 83 bands in the adult old-time division with at least four members
each and 33 bluegrass groups, with the winner of each receiving a $400 prize.
Overall, contestants vied for prize money totaling $2,630 along with ribbons.

Winning the title of best adult old-time band was The Slate Mountain Ramblers,
based in Mount Airy, while Crossroad, a Cana, Va., group, won in the bluegrass
division.

The most-promising youth trophy went to Carson Peters, a fiddling phenom from
Piney Flats, Tenn. He placed first in the youth folk song and bluegrass fiddle
contests.

Thorpe said the convention was a success from an attendance standpoint, despite
intermittent rain showers. "I would just say we were down a little bit on
campers, but it didn't really affect us that much," he added regarding gate
receipts compared to last year.

Those placing in the various competition categories were:

Adult Old-Time Band

First place -- The Slate Mountain Ramblers, Mount Airy

Second place -- Crooked Road, Crumpler

Third place -- Back Step, Mount Airy

Fourth place -- The Black Twig Pickers, Montgomery County, Va.

Fifth place -- The Round Peak Ramblers, Mount Airy

Adult Bluegrass Band

First place -- Crossroad, Cana, Va.

Second place -- The Destination Bluegrass Band, Mocksville

Third place -- Blue-Vue, Westfield

Fourth place -- Adam McPeak and Mountain Thunder, Meadows, Va.

Fifth place -- Tight Wire, Mocksville

Adult Folk Song

First place -- Carla Mullins, West Jefferson

Second place -- Sarah Osborne, Mount Airy

Third place -- Reanna Flemons, Brooklyn, N.Y,

Fourth place -- Elizabeth Dunlap, Winchester, Va.

Fifth place -- Dom Flemons, Brooklyn, N.Y.

Youth Folk Song

First place -- Carson Peters, Piney Flats, Tenn.

Second place -- Mary Tron, Pittsboro

Third place -- Eliza Meyer, Raleigh

Fourth place -- Tanner Henson, Asheboro

Fifth place -- Ruth Shumway, Charlotte

Youth Old-Time Band

First place -- The Hickory Flats String Band, Morganton

(No other contestants were noted, with none also listed for youth bluegrass
band.)

Adult Bluegrass Fiddle

First place -- Casey Driscoll, Nashville, Tenn.

Second place -- Crystal Shipley, Kingsport, Tenn.

Third place -- Stuart Light, Riner, Va.

Fourth place -- Henry Mabe, Walnut Cove

Fifth place -- Daniel Greeson, Jamestown, Pa.

Adult Old-Time Fiddle

First place -- Richard Bowman, Mount Airy

Second place -- Chris Testerman, Mount Airy

Third place -- Eryn Marshall, Galax, Va.

Fourth place -- Ivy Sheppard, Mount Airy

Fifth place -- Nick McMillian, Mount Airy

Youth Bluegrass Fiddle

First place -- Carson Peters, Piney Flats, Tenn.

Second place -- Mary C. Hooper, Elkin

Third place -- Marissa Colter, Clemmons

Fourth place -- Macy Henson, Asheboro

Fifth place -- Tanner Henson, Asheboro

Youth Old-Time Fiddle

First place -- Ruth Shumway, Charlotte

Second place -- Sylvia McGee, King

Third place -- Liam Purcell, Deep Gap

Fourth place -- Eliza Meyer, Raleigh

Fifth place -- Isabella Gorman, Charlottesville, Va.

Adult Bluegrass Banjo

First place -- Jay Adams, Pine Hall

Second place -- Hersie McMillian, Mount Airy

Third place -- Zachary Paschall, hometown not listed

Fourth place -- Jimmy Paschall, Yadkinville

Fifth place -- Steve Chrisley, Max Meadows, Va.

Adult Old-Time Banjo

First place -- Marsha Todd, Mount Airy

Second place -- Nathan Bowles, Blacksburg, Va.

Third place -- Kelly Breiding, Mount Airy

Fourth place -- Jared Boyd, Laurel Fork, Va.

Fifth place -- Nancy Sluys, Westfield

Youth Bluegrass Banjo

First place -- Travis Watts, Mount Airy

Second place -- Caleb Oakley, hometown not given

(No winners are listed for youth old-time banjo)

Adult Guitar

First place -- Steve Kilby, Mouth of Wilson, Va.

Second place -- Tommy Chandler, Mocksville

Third place -- Ben Watlington, Mocksville

Fourth place -- Jacob Greer, Jefferson

Fifth place -- Clifford Orange, Blacksburg, Va.

Youth Guitar

First place -- Pressley Barker, Traphill

Second place -- Gus McGee, King

Third place -- Abigail Martin, Ararat

Fourth place -- Choe Lang, Wake Forest

Fifth place -- Jessica Lang, Wake Forest

Adult Bass

First place -- David Campbell, Jonesville

Second place -- David Chrisley, Max Meadows, Va.

Third place -- Jaco Harbour, Danbury

Fourth place -- Tommy Nichols, Mount Airy

Fifth place -- Stacy Boyd, Laurel Fork, Va.

Youth Bass

First place -- Jacob Davis, Morganton

Second place -- Kyser George, Westfield

Third place -- Kaylee Oakes, Union Mills

Fourth place -- Katie Jones, Churchland

Adult Dobro

First place -- Tom Costner, Pilot Mountain

Second place -- Robert Ellis, Mocksville

Third place -- Donald Scott, Mount Airy

Fourth place -- Pammy Davis, Pleasant Garden

Fifth place -- Danny Hargis, Huntersville

Adult Dulcimer

First place -- Hunter Walker, Beckley, W. Va.

Second place -- Phyllis Gaskins, Port Republic, Va.

Third place -- Dick Lamb, Keezletown, Va.

Fourth place -- Gallone Amundsan, Longwood, Fla.

Fifth place -- Kirk House, Winston-Salem

Adult Mandolin

First place -- Nick Goad, Stuart, Va.

Second place -- Tyler Tuttle, Wilkesboro

Third place -- Greg Jones, Mount Airy

Fourth place -- Travis Chandler, Galax, Va.

Fifth place -- Taylor Baker, Winchester, Va.

Youth Mandolin

First place -- Samuel Oakes, Union Mills

Second place -- Emma Smart, Morganton

Third place -- Tatum Holloway, North Wilkesboro

Fourth place -- Andreas Kampouris, Clyde

Fifth place -- Tara Martin, Ararat

Adult Autoharp

First place -- Doug Pratt, Cary

Second place -- Michael Poole, Pittsboro

Third place -- Libby Kahn, Independence, Va.

Fourth place -- Wayne Seymour, Reidsville

Fifth place -- Christinge Olson, Garner

Adult Dance

First place -- Michael Motley, Mount Airy

Second place -- Marty Todd, hometown not listed

Third place -- Phil Jamison, hometown not listed

Fourth place -- Joshua Moad, hometown not listed

Fifth place -- Marsha Todd, Mount Airy

Youth Dance

First place -- Victor Furtado, Front Royal, Va.

Second place -- Mary C. Hooper, Elkin

Third place -- Macy Henson, Asheboro

Fourth place -- Elli Jones, hometown not listed

Fifth place -- Ruth Shumway, Charlotte

Reach Tom Joyce at 719-1924 or tjoyce@civitasmedia.com

___ (c)2013 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130613-NI-Out-of-towners-fare-well-at-fiddlers-convention-0613-20130613

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2013


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Award-winning fiddler to perform at Mabel Tainter

BYLINE: Rob Hanson, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 483 words


Jan. 12--Like many young children, April Verch wanted to do everything her older
sister did.

The fascination started with step dancing -- a big tradition in the Ottawa
Valley in southeastern Ontario where she grew up. But along with step dancing
came Verch's introduction to the fiddle and the realization of her own talent.

At just 6 years old, Verch's parents needed some convincing that their young
musician was serious about picking up the fiddle -- but it didn't take long for
the aspiring musician to show she was hooked.

"We were dancing, and I was around a lot of fiddle players," Verch said in a
recent telephone interview. "I just fell in love with the instrument."

Years later, Verch would become the first woman to win both of Canada's most
prestigious fiddle championships, the Grand Masters and Canadian Open. She also
was asked to represent her country's music at the opening ceremonies at the 2010
Winter Olympics in Vancouver, British Columbia.

With her self-titled band, Verch has toured an average of 250 days per year for
the past 12 years -- hitting places as far away as China.

On Sunday, the April Verch Band will make a stop in the Chippewa Valley to lead
a workshop at Offbeats Violin Studio in Eau Claire and an evening performance at
Mabel Tainter Center for the Arts in Menomonie.

The band originally played mostly traditional Canadian roots music, which stems
from the styles of fiddle playing that stretch across the provinces.

Her home in the Ottawa Valley is a place of origin of one of those styles, and
has been influenced by groups of settlers such as the German, Irish and
Scottish.

"There are a lot of them from coast to coast," Verch said. "So the Ottawa Valley
style is the one I grew up with and started with, and it's kind of a melting pot
of influences, and each of the styles is kind of determined by who settled
there."

The band's 2011 release and most recent album, "That's How We Run," isn't
distinctly Canadian -- though it has been nominated for a Canadian Folk Music
Award -- and has a common thread with much of the traditional American roots
music like bluegrass, country and some blues.

"The new CD is a lot of old-time American tunes, and that's because I've been
really exploring it," she said. "I tend to just play what I love, and that's
what I've been lovin' lately."

Hanson can be reached at 715-833-9206, 800-236-7077 or rob.hanson@ecpc.com

If You Go

What: April Verch Band in concert.

When: 7 p.m. Sunday.

Where: Mabel Tainter Center for the Arts, 205 Main St. E., Menomonie.

Cost: $15 for adults, $12 for students and seniors.

Info: aprilverch.com; mabeltainter.com; 715-235-0001.

For more information on the workshop at Offbeats Violin Studio, call
715-579-3016 or visit offbeatsviolinstudio.com.

___ (c)2012 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120112-EW-Award-winning-fiddler-to-perform-at-Mabel-Tainter-0112-20120112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2012 The Leader-Telegram


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      August 3, 1992, Monday, City Edition
                              Correction Appended

A twang in their hearts

BYLINE: JEFF CORYDON

SECTION: COMMUNITY TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1212 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Some folks think of early country-western music as a mere relic of the golden
past. Lou Al Chiaramonte and some hundred other country music lovers centered
around Tampa Bay think it also has a brilliant future, so they've joined forces
to keep the fiddles and banjos alive and picking.

    Chiaramonte is a founding member, and president since last fall v v of the
Society for the Preservation of Early Country and Western Music. It is a
non-profit educational group dedicated to preserving and promoting enjoyment of
traditional country-western songs and artists.

    A Tampa native, Chiaramonte got interested in country music as a child. He
and his mother would sit on their back porch in Palmetto Beach and listen to
neighbors who sang and played country songs.

    "Pure country-western goes back to the '20s," Chiaramonte said.
"Traditional tunes of the mountain people and back-porch singers in the South
were at the root of country music. Songs cowboys sang around campfires were the
original western music.

    "These two roots came together to make what we call early country-western
music. When radio started up, it got popular nationwide on shows like Grand Ole
Opry and National Barn Dance."

    At their meetings in Tampa, members lay plans for promoting their music and
enthuse over impromptu renditions by musicians in their ranks during the monthly
jam session.

    Musician members bring their fiddles, banjos, guitars and mandolins and get
up, round-robin style, to perform any music they want as long as it's
traditional country-western.

    The society also puts on three formal public shows a year, linked to major
area events: the Florida State Fair, the Pinellas County Fair and the Florida
Strawberry Festival.
 Passing on a legacy


   Members Hapi McKenzie and Patty Pfister, who play guitar and fiddle, have
opened Tampa Bay Performing Arts Center shows for visiting country music stars.
They head a group called Hapi and Patty and Their Crabgrass Cowboys, named "Best
of the Bay" for country and folk music in 1991 by Creative Loafing.

    McKenzie, who came to Seffner from Kentucky at age 5 and plays a
personalized bluegrass style, sees the society as a boon to all who love country
music.

    "Patty and I attend meetings and play every chance we can get," he said.
"The jam sessions are real interesting, because other folks dig up lots of songs
that we'd forgotten. Mainly, though, we do it because we love it."

    Not all members are musicians, but they all love the old-time country sound
and are concerned about whatever affects the country music community.

    The youngest is 10-year-old Becky Sue Moore of Tampa. Her grandfather
brought her along to a meeting some months ago, and she liked it so much she
joined up and attends regularly.

    "I liked all the people singing and talking and stuff," she said.  "And I've
been learning that kids ought to be listening to this, instead of rock music.
The words are much nicer, so now I don't like rock as much anymore."

    Chiaramonte said the society tries to promote interest in country-western
music at area schools. "We get out to schools as much as possible and give the
children a taste of the sound and a look at the instruments.

    "We've had the most success at elementary level. By the time children get to
junior high, they're already under too much peer pressure and into the newer
types of music."

    Sometimes country-western stars of yesteryear are coaxed to the monthly jam
sessions.

    "Patsy Montana, who's been a member for two, three years, came to entertain
us in May," Chiaramonte said. "She's been a real famous lady on the
country-western scene for over 50 years." In 1936, she was the first female
country-western artist to sell a million records, with I Want to Be a Cowboy's
Sweetheart.

    Among other stars who have played the society's stage are Kenny Roberts,
King of the Yodelers; Dolf Hewitt, King of the Barn Dance; Ferlin Husky; Jean
Shepard; and some lesser lights.
 A home for a radio show


   Some of the stars also have appeared on Chiaramonte's radio show. Now he is
looking for a new local home for the show, Country Music Memories.

    It had been a popular evening feature for 13 years on listener-supported
station WMNF-FM (88.5). The show was begun by society founder and former
president Roy Bodden and taken over by Chiaramonte last September. Bodden left
Tampa then to become station manager for Radio Cayman in the Caribbean.

    It was listeners' enthusiastic response to this country music and talk
program that led to the founding of the society in 1985. But because of
programing changes, the July 7 show was the last one on WMNF.

    "We just don't fit into their bucket anymore," explained Chiaramonte.
"Everything is money-oriented today, and the station seems to think they can do
better with blues in our time slot. My audience is particular, and probably not
geared to the people who mainly support the station."

    Randy Wynne, WMNF's program director, said canceling Memories was a hard
decision. "We're trying to move away from diversity and eclecticism something
for everybody. We needed to put on some new programs to hold our audience, so
something had to give.

    "We do feel bad, knowing there are people who relied on the program as the
only venue for that kind of music. But it's kind of outside our regular
listeners' interest and never got overwhelming support."

    "Anyway, we still play country music, because country is really hot right
now. It's more progressive, though, for a younger audience. It's different from
what Lou Al plays," Wynne said.

    Chiaramonte said he is not discouraged by WMNF's decision. " "We've lost a
battle but not the war' is a good way to put it. It's not going to be the end of
us. Hopefully, there'll be a silver lining. In six months or a year, I'll look
back and see that, if it hadn't happened, this or that wonderful opportunity
wouldn't have come along."

    Chiaramonte has tentatively arranged to start airing a one-hour taped
version of Country Music Memories on Bartow-based WBAR-FM this month. While the
signal isn't strong enough to reach most Tampa Bay area listeners, this will
keep the show going.

    "Losing WMNF won't affect our members much," he said. But it affects how
many other people we can reach with country music, because most of the radio
listeners aren't real members. After all, our main goal is getting more of the
public to hear and appreciate country-western music. Besides, for me it's fun
letting people share my record collection and all the historical background I
can give."
 Want to join?
 Anyone interested in joining the Society for Preservation of Early Country and
Western Music, or perhaps only enjoying an evening of traditional
country-western songs, will be welcome at the next meeting, 7:30 to 10 p.m. Aug.
24 in the Knights of Columbus Hall at Cypress Street and Matanzas Avenue (one
block west of MacDill).  Annual membership dues are $ 20. For more information,
call Lou Al Chiaramonte at 248-2992.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 8, 1992

CORRECTION:
Brandy O'Donoghue was misidentified in a photograph Monday accompanying a story
about the Society for the Preservation of Early Country and Western Music.

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Mack Goethe, (3); BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Mack Goethe, (3);
A steel guitar gets a workout; Larry Kirby sings and plays along with the
Society for the Preservation of Early Country and Western Music society members;
Patty Pfister raises her fiddle to guitar player Hapi McKenzie; Lou Al
Chiaramonte is president; Louie Murphy tucks his fiddle under his chin and
raises his bow; Becky Sue Moore and Randy O'Donoghue attend the society meetings

                            Times Publishing Company


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      North Shore News (British Columbia)

                           September 12, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Carrie Rodriguez: Cowgirl in demand; Rising star branches out on stellar new
album

BYLINE: John Goodman, North Shore News

SECTION: MUSIC; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1208  words


- Carrie Rodriguez opening for Alejandro Escovedo at the Biltmore Cabaret,
Tuesday, Sept. 16. Tickets $20 available online at www.ticketweb.ca. or at Zulu,
Red Cat and Noize To Go Records. Doors 8 p.m., show 9 p.m.

Carrie Rodriguez spent 13 years studying classical violin but it took just one
night on stage with Lyle Lovett to change her musical direction.

Lovett and her dad David Rodriguez, a much-admired singer/songwriter known for
his politically-charged work, were both involved in the Houston folk scene back
in the '70s. Musicians such as Lucinda Williams and Nancy Griffiths were also
considered family friends when Rodriguez was growing up in Austin, Texas.

She began studying classical violin at the age of five, worlds away from the
music her dad and his friends were playing. Her mother, artist Katy Nail, was a
big classical music and opera fan and that influenced her early on. "She would
paint to Verdi or Puccini blasting out of the stereo so that music was around me
-- it wasn't like I was just listening to folk songs."

Rodriguez studied violin at Oberlin Conservatory of Music in Ohio and then went
to the Berklee College of Music in Boston for further studies. When Lovett
invited her to play with his band on stage in Cleveland she was flattered but
intimidated by the situation.

"I guess he wanted to check me out," she laughs. "I'd played a little bit with
my dad but I didn't really know how to improvise or groove on the fiddle. I went
to the soundcheck and I just really didn't know what I was doing but I watched
the show that night completely in awe of his fiddle player (Andrea Zonn) and
that's when I decided I wanted to try playing the fiddle instead of classical
violin. She seemed like she was having so much fun. So I wanted to be able to do
that."

In 2001 Rodriguez began performing with singer/songwriter Chip Taylor after he
caught her in a band at the South By Southwest Music Conference. "He saw us play
and basically got my number and started hiring me for gigs," she says. "When he
would come to Texas I would play with him. Pretty soon it turned into tours."

Eventually Taylor and Rodriguez were performing as a duo and recorded several
albums together on Train Wreck Records. On the road Rodriguez got quite a
musical education graduating from fiddle player to singer and songwriting
partner although she claims that calling what she did "singing" is a bit of a
stretch.

"I wasn't even a backup singer," she says. "I'd never even done that. I actually
took a class when I was at Berklee called 'Singing for Nonvocalists' because I
thought it would be an easy A. I think I made a C. And that was my only
experience singing.

"I never really wanted to sing or thought that I had a particularly pleasant
singing voice. But when he hired me to play fiddle he said, 'Well, I will need
you to do some harmony vocals,' and of course I wanted the gig so I said, 'Oh
sure, I'll do my best.' For whatever reason he thought he heard something that
he liked enough to want to have me sing more and then do these duets which is in
turn what led us to eventually writing together."

Rodriguez learned a lot about songwriting from the veteran Taylor who wrote
several iconic songs in the '60s, including Wild Thing and Angel of the Morning.
"He's a very organic writer," she says. "It almost seems like he's channelling.
He is constantly spitting out these amazing songs whether he's sitting in the
van or at a bar he's always got a pen and a napkin and he's scrawling out
something and humming to himself, kind of in his own little world."

Collaborating with Taylor gave Rodriguez many insights into how to realize her
musical ideas. "That's where I really started learning the process of writing a
song," she says. "He does like to let things come out without over-thinking
them. You know if he has a thought or a phrase, even if he doesn't know what it
means, he will write it down. Certain words put together just sound cool and
give you a feeling. Letting your subconscious take over can create some of the
best songs. Even Wild Thing. If you were to analyze that song and look at the
lines it would be pretty strange. It just makes you feel a certain way."

In the past few years Rodriguez has begun to branch out and develop her own
sound. On her first solo album, Seven Angels on a Bicycle, released in 2006,
Taylor wrote or co-wrote almost all of the songs but her new disc, She Ain't Me,
features Rodriguez working with other writers and musicians including Mary
Gauthier, Lucinda Williams, Malcolm Burn and Gary Louris. "That was a very new
experience for me," she says. "Up until that point I had only written with Chip
and that was my comfort zone. I wanted to get out of that comfort zone and see
what else would come out of me."

The first few songs that ended up on She Ain't Me weren't written for any
particular purpose but after opening for Lucinda Williams, Rodriguez saw more
clearly what she wanted to do. "I remember writing the song, Mask of Moses, when
we were out with her. Just watching her perform every night and hearing her
songs and how powerful they were. It was a very inspiring time for me. After I
had a few I started feeling a direction and that's when I started writing songs
with a goal in mind."

Producer Malcolm Burn also gave Rodriguez an entirely new way to approach the
music. "I really had never worked with a producer before," she says. "I guess I
was a little scared of what that meant -- giving up some of your artistic vision
to someone else. Not all of it obviously, it was a collaborative thing, but I
didn't know what to expect because I didn't have the experience with working
with one.

"Malcolm and I spent a lot of time before we started recording just talking
about the songs. I went up to his house in Kingston, New York. I would just play
him the song on the fiddle and we would talk about the arrangement. He's pretty
rock'n'roll in terms of recording. We recorded in the basement of this Victorian
house that he lived in. We were four or five musicians in the same room with
plenty of bleed -- it wasn't a pristine-type recording situation -- just turn up
the amps and play. That's his style. Coming from a classical background I tend
to be pretty picky about sound and a bit of a perfectionist so it was good for
me to have to go with the flow and trust that it would all be OK in the end. And
it was."

The finished record is an alt-country gem. Rodriguez and Burn take the music in
a number of directions with highlights including Absence, a Mary Gauthier
collaboration which focuses on Rodriguez's voice and fiddle, the minimalist,
dustbowl blues of Let Me In (reminiscent of the late Chris Whitley at his most
intense) and the soulful Mask of Moses with Lucinda Williams adding background
vocals.

This week Rodriguez starts a West Coast tour opening for Alejandro Escovedo and
then playing fiddle in his band for the rest of the night. Although she's played
Canadian dates several times with Chip Taylor the Biltmore Cabaret show next
Tuesday night will be the first time she's ever performed in Vancouver.

At www.nsnews.com Carrie Rodriguez talks more

about working with Mary Gauthier, Gary Louris and Malcolm Burn

as well as her upcoming Oct. 25 appearance on Austin City Limits

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Submitted; Carrie Rodriguez, opening for Alejandro Escovedo, performs
tracks from her new album, She Ain't Me, Tuesday, Sept. 16 at the Biltmore
Cabaret. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 North Shore News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                             June 29, 2010 Tuesday

Concert brings back memories

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 477 words


To the editor:

I went to the George Jones concert at Inn of the Mountain Gods on June 24. The
concert brought back memories of a best friend from the early 1950s.

My friend's name was Murrel Counts. Murrel in the early '50s played for dances
around Artesia, Carlsbad and other parts of New Mexico.

Murrel at that time was around 17 years old and was one of the best fiddle
players in the United States. He could fiddle "The Orange Blossom Special" and
"Black Mountain Rag" over his head, behind his back and a few other ways.

Murrel went to Carlsbad in 1953 or 1954 to play backup fiddle for the great Jim
Reeves. I can remember Reeves tried to hire Murrel to play on the road with his
band, but Murrel did not want to leave his mother and father who lived in
Artesia. Murrel's dad was sick and Murrel was the breadwinner of the family.

Murrel left Artesia a couple of years later and played in the Curly Dalton Band
for eight or nine years at the Stateline Bar, outside of Hobbs, N.M. Later on,
Murrel was playing a gig at the Winner's Circle in Ruidoso and singer Ray Price
heard about how good Murrel was on the fiddle.

Ray called and asked Murrel to come to Nashville. Murrel, being a New Mexico
country boy, had no idea how far his reputation had reached.

Murrel Counts moved to Nashville with Johnny Rodriguez, who was at the height of
his fame at that time. Johnny Rodriguez and Murrel Counts mentored Tanya Tucker
on her first concert tour.

Murrel's big break came in Nashville when superstar George Jones told Shorty
Lavender he had waited for years to find a fiddle player like Murrel Counts.
Murrel joined the Jones Boys and went on to perform across the nation.

Murrel's success with the Jones Boys took him before the camera for a part in
the movie Coal Miner's Daughter with Loretta Lynn. Counts' introduction to
acting led to his playing a stand-in for Jerry Reed in the Tom Selleck movie,
Concrete Cowboy.

Murrel also jammed with Hank Williams Jr. in the movie, Living Proof. Television
audiences also came to know Murrel, who frequently appeared on shows like
"Midnight Special," "Don Kirshner's Rock Show," "HeeHaw," "The Tommy Hunter
Show" and "Nashville Now." Murrel shared the stage with Glen Campbell, Tex
Ritter, Billy Walker, Jeanne Pruett and many others.

Murrel Counts' Nashville career lasted almost 30 years.

Murrel's highlight was his performance at the Inauguration of Jimmy Carter. The
president frequently invited Counts to Carter Country. President Carter called
Murrel his favorite fiddler.

Murrel is not around anymore, but I remember well the good times we spent
together. Murrel and I made some white lightning in his mother's kitchen. We got
sour mash all over the kitchen. Boy, did his mother give us a chewing out.

Murrel was a great friend and a great musician. I will always cherish the good
times we had together.

Jack Hemby

Ruidoso Downs

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                            October 8, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final EDITION

A community of musicians

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 774  words


"Could you \x85 Zydeco in high tide?"-a sign at the Shakori Hills festival

SILK HOPE - "Temporary communities" is the term Erik Wolken of Chatham County
uses to describe what happens among musicians at the annual Shakori Hills
Grassroots Festival of Music and Dance. Visitors who went to the festival
Friday, the first full day of the four-day event, did not have to walk far to
hear the sounds of those impromptu communities.

While several musicians warmed up the audience for the annual musicians'
competition, the sound of a banjo could be heard from a tent nearby. Andrew Loyd
of Baton Rouge, La., a student at N.C. State University, was playing banjo.
Loyd, who has been playing tradition music on the instrument about four years,
was camping out for the second year at the festival. Joining him, also on banjo,
was Rob Lampe, also a student at NCSU. Lampe, who studied piano as a child, won
second place in the banjo portion of the competition two years ago - with an
arrangement he did of a Bach cello suite for the banjo. He played a few measures
of the arrangement.

"I was inspired by Bela Fleck," Lampe said of his Bach adaptation. "He did it
first." (Fleck will perform at the festival Sunday.)

Later, Ira Planer of Raleigh, who has been studying guitar for about 10 years,
joined the

See Musicians/page C3

banjo players on guitar. Planer runs the nonprofit N.C. Blues in the Schools,
and was keeping watch at a booth promoting the work of that organization.

Loyd, Lampe and Planer all ended up participating in the most visible temporary
community of the day, the fiddle, banjo, guitar and mandolin contest held at the
Grove Stage. Planer did two blues tunes - one by Elmore James and Robert
Wilkins' "Prodigal Son" (which the Rolling Stones helped make famous). He took
third place in the guitar division of the competition. Planer, who also is
camping at the festival, said he enjoys the way musicians gather around
campfires and play music.

Young Wyatt Labacz of Hillsborough took third place in the fiddle competition
for his rendition of ""Oh, Susannah." His mom, Ursula Lobacz, said Friday's
event was his first competition and first time on stage.

The competition was open to anyone, and musicians were signing up for a chance
to play even while the competition was well under way.

Other musicians who took home prizes were Nancy Sluys of Westfield, N.C., first
place for banjo; Joe Kollar and Kevin Sykes, second and third respectively for
banjo; Justin Johnson of Snow Camp, first place for guitar; Ben Suchy and
Planer, second and third for guitar; Landon Mullin of Vestal, N.Y., first place
in fiddle; Sluys and Lobacz, second and third for fiddle; John Moore of Chapel
Hill, first place for mandolin; Paul Hammond and Kevin Samuels, both of Durham,
for second and third place respectively for mandolin.

Sweet Pepper Stu (Stuart McNair) warmed up an early morning audience at the
Cabaret Tent. McNair, who is originally from New Orleans, accompanied himself on
guitar and harmonica. He did a tune "from our old friend Woody Guthrie" - "This
Land Is Your Land," and audience members clapped, sang along and danced.

Near the Cabaret Tent, in the area of children's activities, Olina and Ione
Johnson, ages 10 and 11, respectively, played with a giant chess set.Their mom,
Ashley Johnson, of Stokes County, is volunteering for this year's festival. Her
family has come to the festival the past six years. She likes the mix of local
and national musicians, and the family-friendly community atmosphere. "I like
that I feel safe with my kids here." Johnson said. "I don't see a whole lot of
drunken irresponsibility."

Also in the children's activities area, Stephen Bonsignore made several large
soap bubbles, which his daughter Nicolette chased. Bonsignore camps with his
family in a VW van. He said he likes the activities for children, and the
relationships he has built over the years at the festival. Children also get
exposed to "some great genres of music," he said.

Mother Goose was schedule to tell stories at the Cabaret Tent just after noon.
Before the performance, she was in stage dress trying to wave down several
musicians. When she is not playing Mother Goose, Lulu Royster of Chapel Hill,
who has a doctorate in education, is known to children as "Dr. Lulu." She was
preparing to perform stories and original music with guitarist John Beach and
other musicians. She said her songs are meant to help children with cancer and
other ailments reduce their stress.

The festival continues today and Sunday, with performances by Donna the Buffalo,
Hammer No More the Fingers and other artists, along with dance and other
workshops.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 17, 2001 Friday
                                 Final Edition

A Dance Olio

BYLINE: Lisa Traiger, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. T24

LENGTH: 671 words


A step dancer and clogger since her teens, Eileen Carson can see and hear the
history of a nation in the hops, shuffles and slaps as feet trod the boards and
guitars, banjos and fiddles provide the backdrop for a symphony of percussive
variations.

As director of the Crownsville-based Footworks Percussive Dance Ensemble, a
company of dancers and musicians, Carson has been a longtime evangelist for
traditional percussive dance forms -- from the step dances of Ireland, England,
South Africa, Canada and the American South to clogging, ham boning, hoofing and
even early jazz tap.

Her company comes to the Maryland Hall for the Creative Arts in Annapolis on
Saturday, where it will be joined in concert by acclaimed singer, songwriter and
multi-instrumentalist Tim O'Brien and a half-dozen other headliners in the Irish
and traditional music scene for "The Crossing," an evening-length telling of
that all-American story in dance and music.

Carson begins with a disclaimer. "It's definitely not just another Irish music
and dance show," she says. "The Crossing" is unprecedented in showing the
connections of the North American and American experience to its European,
African and Native American roots. It may open with a classic Irish ceili, an
Irish hard shoe dance derived from a French quadrille, but soon enough, songs
and dances about missing the homeland evolve into numbers like "Banjo Clark,"
choreographed by Durban, South Africa-born Sduduzo Ka-mbili.

As Carson explains, "You hear an eerie mountain fiddle tune start and, as it
plays, you see and hear what happens to the fiddle and how that becomes clogging
and what the banjo -- with its origins in Africa -- does to the mix."

Carson began clogging in Tennessee. She grew up there and in Prince George's
County -- she describes her mother as a South Appalachian flat footer who left
home for better educational and job opportunities in the Washington area. "I
feel so lucky to have had so many different exposures," Carson says. As a teen
she recalls, "longing for dancing with other people just for the sheer joy of
it." She found that joy at folk and music festivals rather than at formal step
dancing competitions also popular at the time.

"What drew me," she continues, "was not the stage. It was people jamming all
night long on plywood boards. I was struck by the dancers jamming with each
other, improvising. And the dancing was so connected to the music because you're
also part of the music, you're a percussionist."

"The Crossing" had a serendipitous beginning. Footworks performed with the first
London cast of Riverdance in 1997, where the group's number -- also called "The
Crossing" -- traced the cultural and musical evolution of step dance in America.
By coincidence, Tim O'Brien, known for playing classic bluegrass with a
contemporary flair and style, wrote a piece for his new album titled "The
Crossing."

When Carson, a long-time O'Brien fan and friend, heard a rough cut, she says, "I
got chills."

O'Brien's "Crossing" developed from a trip to Ireland to explore his own family
history. "It inspired him to create a theme album about the Irish coming into
the American experience," Carson says. "No one else has ever so clearly shown
the connection between fiddle tunes and mountain music," Carson says.

Unlike Riverdance, the worldwide phenomenon that relies on flash, Footworks'
path has been cut through the folk circuit, where traditional music and dance
retains its authenticity alongside innovators who express new ideas.

" 'The Crossing,' " Carson says, "conveys a universal American story: Most of us
were immigrants. This is a way into our American experience that shows we all
are related. Both the dance and the music express the connections between Irish
traditions and American forms. They both tell that same American story."

TIM O'BRIEN AND "THE CROSSING" IN COLLABOTRATION WITH FOOTWORKS PERCUSSIVE DANCE
ENSEMBLE -- Saturday at 8 p.m. Maryland Hall for the Creative Arts, 801 Chase
St., Annapolis. 410/263-5544.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post

                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              June 17, 2007 Sunday

Celtic Fling;
Irish/Scottish festival celebrates cultural heritage

BYLINE: Maryalice Bitts

SECTION: H; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1171  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Celtic pride runs high in this country, and for reasons greater than the earthy
allure of green beer, four-leaf clovers, smilin' eyes and hardy young men in
skirts.

"It's a beautiful, joyful culture," said Mary Wood, of the traditional Irish
band Celtic Spring. "It is dear to a lot of people's hearts."

Many agree. Roughly 40 million Americans lay claim to some measure of
Irish/Scottish heritage, including 2 million people in Pennsylvania, which is
more than half the population of Ireland.

It's no surprise, then, that about 10,000 people are expected to tap into their
inner Celts next weekend at the Celtic Fling & Highland Games, a three-day
festival of Irish and Scottish music and culture held on the grounds of the
Pennsylvania Renaissance Fair, just north of Manheim.

Billed as "36 acres of green and plaid," the ninth annual Fling presents seven
stages of live traditional Celtic and Celtic rock music; official traditional
dance competitions, drawing more than 1,000 competitors; Irish/Scottish
storytelling; Celtic heritage historians; athletic games, including the
150-pound caber toss; border collies; 125 themed craftsmen; Irish and Scottish
foods and ales; Irish music jam sessions and other interactive activities, such
as a sheep-to-shawl demonstration; a haggis-eating contest; and a Men's Best Leg
in a Kilt competition.

But the main attraction is the music. The Fling opens each day with the MacKay
Bagpipe Band from Bethlehem, followed by back-to-back concerts by acts from
across North America and Europe.

"There are a lot of fabulous new and familiar bands this year," said Dana Henry,
the festival's entertainment and programming manager. "We expect to see a lot of
people dancing out there."

Headlining the show are Blackthorn, Glengarry Bhoys, Enter the Haggis, Screaming
Orphans, the Elders, Scythian, Tartan Terrors, Icewagon Flu, Hunting McLeod,
Knot Fibb'n, Empty Hats, Coyote Run, Ceann and Celtic Spring, an eight-member
family dance and music band that placed in the finals of last year's "America's
Got Talent" competition on NBC.

Consisting of six siblings ages 7 to 22 (fiddles and dancing) and their parents,
Jim (bodhran) and Mary (piano), Celtic Spring returns to the Fling after a
year's absence, during which the band toured and recorded a CD.

"The children are so excited to come back to the Celtic Fling," Mary Wood said
in a telephone interview from the family's California home. "They just love it
and can't wait to return."

Wood and her husband, both from Irish families, have passed on their shared
passion for Irish dance and music to their children, who began fiddle and dance
lessons between the ages of 4 and 5.

"Music is the language of the household, and the kids are constantly hearing
that language. The living room is always scattered with pianos, fiddles,
mandolins and guitars," Wood said. "They just can't wait for their turn to start
lessons."

Wood said the band began 13 years ago, when her older children, Elizabeth and
Deidre (then 9 and 7), asked to go to fiddle summer camps to perfect their
playing.

"Camp is expensive for a big family, so they started to play at the local
farmers market in Santa Barbara each Saturday, so that they could raise money,"
she said. "Soon people started to invite them to perform for weddings and
parties and various events."

In subsequent years, Sean, Patrick and Marie (now 17, 15 and 11) joined the
group, along with their father, Greg, who plays the bodhran, a traditional Irish
drum. Mary, who couldn't participate for many years because she always had a
small child to look after, was persuaded to join last year, when the family's
youngest child, 7-year-old Aidan, joined the group. She made her debut with the
band on "America's Got Talent."

Wood, who home-schools her school-age children, is now included in the band's
hourlong practice sessions, held each morning at 7 a.m. in the living room.

"It's a team effort, and it's been good for everyone. We've all learned how to
work hard and make sacrifices for the common good. Of course, it does make for a
long day sometimes," Wood said.

Cushla Srour, a pianist, flutist and mother of the York-based family band Irish
Blessing, can relate to that. She said she's had to work hard to inspire her
sons Josh, 15 (fiddle and dance), and Jonathan, 19 (wooden flute and dance), to
achieve.

Srour, who grew up in a section of New Zealand steeped in Celtic heritage,
performed in an Irish band with her husband, Jim, for 15 years. She said she
found herself at a crossroads five years ago when the group disbanded.

"I wanted to continue playing Irish music, and I needed a good fiddle player to
do that," she said. "I spent years looking and interviewing, and suddenly it hit
me that a fiddle player was right within my own household. And he was right
beneath my nose the entire time."

That fiddle player was her son Josh, then 10, who had been taking music lessons
for two years. Since then, he has placed sixth in a regional Irish music
competition, the Fleadh, and brother Jonathan has placed fifth in the world in
Irish dance.

As Irish Blessing, the boys perform with their mother (piano) and father, Jim
(bodhran). Together, they will present their family friendly mix of
instrumentals, Irish dance, Irish poetry and jokes at the Fling.

The fact that the group can perform at all is something of a miracle, Srour
said. Irish Blessing's shows came to a dramatic halt a year and a half ago when
Jonathan broke his leg in 8 places while dancing at a homecoming event at his
school. He shattered his tibia and fibula, had pins inserted surgically and was
in a wheelchair, and on crutches, for five months. As soon as he could get his
shoes back on, Srour said, he was back on the competitive track.

"He had about three weeks to prepare for the next world competition, and he
placed ninth, which is pretty amazing," Srour said. "Within 11 months, you would
never have known he'd been injured."

Srour is proud of her sons' determination and hard work. "This band has given
them a real foundation. They aren't just being idle; they are setting goals and
accomplishing something. For some families, it's swimming or tennis or chess.
But in our family, it is music and dance that we love."

Srour hopes to pass on her family's musical blessing to the Fling's
multigenerational audience. According to Henry, Irish Blessing and Celtic
Spring, in concert with the festival's many other offerings, should do just
that.

"Everyone enjoys this event," Henry said, noting that children, in particular,
have been known to cut a rug in front of the stage, much to the musicians'
delight.

"It's all about good times, good food and good music that everyone can
appreciate, and it celebrates people's heritage. It touches a lot of people's
lives, and it's a great family day."

The ninth annual Celtic Fling & Highland Games opens Friday and runs through
Sunday at the Pennsylvania Renaissance Faire on Route 72, just south of the
Pennsylvania Turnpike. For more information, call 665-7021, ext. 231, or visit
parenfaire.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   McFiddles

                        1626 George Washington Boulevard
                               Wichita,  KS 67211
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (316) 681-2925
FAX: (316) 651-5532
URL: www.mcfiddles.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 2

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We're a full service violin shop in the heartland of the United States of
America, and handle all types of repair from minor adjustments to full
restorations. We sell high quality instruments, bows and accessories at sensibly
discounted prices - and service it all right here in our own workshop.  We're
sometimes asked about the origin of our pseudonym, "McFiddles." To fully
understand, it's important to know the English usage of the word "fiddle." In
the United States, the word "violin" is somehow the respectable orchestral term
and "fiddle" is crudely synonymous with the country music or bluegrass
fraternities. In my native England, even the most esteemed purveyors of
orchestral stringed instruments refer to the violin as a "fiddle", a name which
has deep historical roots - older than Stradivari! Hence for me, the amusing
term of McFiddles is simply a contraction of "McHugh Fiddles."  For a while,
we've used the name on a series of student models, and it's been very well
received. Customers appreciate our slightly self-deprecating and enjoyable
attitude, but know that beneath it all lies a wealth of knowledge and pursuit of
excellence in all that we do!  Why choose an instrument from us?  As we look
around, we realize that you have many possible sources for stringed instruments
and bows. You might be considering an instrument from one of the giant mail
order outfits; you'll get the rock bottom price, but generally mediocre set-up.
You might think your local full service musi

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 250,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 28, 2011 Monday

Out-of-towners fare well at convention

BYLINE: Tom Joyce, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 571 words


March 28--DOBSON -- Home-court advantage can be big in basketball, but "home
stage" wasn't a factor this weekend when out-of-towners stole the show at the
Surry Old-Time Fiddlers Convention.

While contestants from the greater Surry County area fared well and placed in
competitions across the board, visiting performers won first place in 12 of the
14 adult and youth categories involved.

Adam Hurt of Kernersville, the first-place winner in both adult banjo and fiddle
, was judged the best overall performer of the second-annual convention held on
the Surry Community College campus.

Adult Winners

Winners in the various adult divisions include:

n Band -- First place, Whoopin Hollar, from Charleston, W.Va.; second, The Slate
Mountain Ramblers, Ararat, Va.; third, Hard Cider, Independence, Va.; fourth,
The Lonesome Piners, Elk Creek, Va.; fifth, The Reed Island Rounders,
Hillsville, Va.

n Fiddle -- First place, Adam Hurt, Kernersville; second, Jason Phillips,
Hillsville, Va.; third, Erynn Marshall, Galax, Va.

n Banjo -- First place, Adam Hurt, Kernersville; second, Micah Spence, Sandy
Springs, Ga.; third, Chris Testerman, Mount Airy.

n Guitar -- First place, Steve Kilby, Mouth of Wilson, Va.; second, Allin
Cottrell, Winston-Salem; third, Carl Jones, Galax, Va.

n Twin fiddle -- First place, Carl Jones and Erynn Marshall, Galax, Va.; second,
Betty Vornbrock, Hillsville, Va., and Debbie Gitlin, Walkertown; third, Chris
Testerman and Erika Testerman, Mount Airy.

n Mark Rose Memorial Bass Contest -- First place, Nina Pinto, Westfield; second,
Barbara Bowman, Ararat, Va.; third, Donna Correll, Elk Creek, Va.

n Folk song -- First place, Michael Hansen, Pittsboro; second, Bailey Cooke,
Charlotte; third, Leigh Beamer, Wytheville, Va.

n Variety -- First place, Jo Ann Redd, Galax, Va.; second, Eddie Ogle, Roanoke,
Va.; third, Alan Darveaux, Morganton.

n Dance -- First place, Marty Todd, Mount Airy; second, Nina Pinto, Westfield;
third, Susan Ashe, Lowgap.

Youth Winners

Those placing in youth (12-and-under) categories were:

n Fiddle -- First place, Ruth Shumlay, Charlotte; second, Jordan Roten, Ennis;
third, Lee Ann Richardson, Crumpler.

n Banjo -- First place, Leigh Beamer, Wytheville, Va.; second, Joe Bevin,
Tazewell, Va.; third, Madison Shepherd, Laurel Springs.

n Guitar -- First place, Nick Weitzenfeld, Pilot, Va.; second, Will Whitaker,
Mount Airy; third, Jacob Key, West Jefferson.

n Dance -- First place, Madison Shepherd, Laurel Springs; second, Jordan Roten,
Ennis; third, Justin Riley, Laurel Springs.

The contestants were vying for $5,000 in prize money, with the single-top award
of $600 going to the winning band.

Organizer Laurette Leagon was pleased with this year's convention in all
respects, calling it "wonderful." She said the overall number of performers and
the attendance were up for the convention that also featured instrument
workshops and jam sessions on Saturday and a Friday night square dance and
concert.

The third-annual Surry Old-Time Fiddlers Convention has already been announced
for March 2012.

Contact Tom Joyce at tjoyce@mtairynews.com or at 719-1924.

To see more of The Mount Airy News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mtairynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Mount Airy News, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110328-NI-Out-of-towners-fare-well-at-convention-0328-20110328

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2011

                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            August 8, 2013 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Phoebe Hunt keeps moving

BYLINE: Peter Mongillo American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 1059 words


"To spread that message of love" is how Phoebe Hunt describes her approach to
traveling the country, playing music. Hunt, speaking by phone from a hotel in
Billings, Mont., was talking about how a trip to a school in India (with
Austin-based humanitarian group the Amala Foundation) helped her to realize just
how lucky she was - not just in having secure housing, but to be able to choose
how she would spend her life. "That inspired me to follow my dream," she said.

That message of good will shines through in Hunt's recent release, "Live at the
Cactus Cafe." The album, which features Hunt on fiddle and guitar, guitarist
Reed Turner, Connor Forsyth (piano), Pat Harris (bass), Dave Sierra (drums) and
Ellie Carol (vocals), goes a long way toward capturing the feel of a good show
in a good listening room. Hunt's voice is big and warm on songs such as "Walk
Away" and "Flee Fly Flow Flum."

The album, a sort of followup to Hunt's 2012 self-titled EP, was inspired after
a show at Main Street Crossing, a music venue in Tomball. "We had such a great
show, I just left there thinking, 'Why don't we just record a live album'," Hunt
said. "We had such good chemistry at that show, it made me want to see if we
could do that on tape."

Hunt learned the violin at the age of 6, when her mother signed her up for
lessons at the Austin Montessori school. She said that the teaching style, in
which she practiced alongside her classmates for just a few minutes each day,
made a big difference in her musical development. In her teens, she performed on
Thursdays at the Waterloo Ice House with the Hudsons, an Austin folk trio. Then,
as a junior at the University of Texas, Hunt traveled to San Diego to attend the
Mark O'Connor Fiddle Camp.

"That dramatically changed the way I perceived music, the way the violin can be
incorporated into music," Hunt said. While there, she studied with a variety of
teachers (including famous fiddle player Johnny Gimble) and learned about the
use of the fiddle across cultures and genres - bluegrass, Irish, Indian,
Canadian.

After college, Hunt spent time as a member of the Belleville Outfit, which
experienced some national success before disbanding in 2011 (various members of
that band are still playing music in Austin and beyond). Since then, Hunt has
spent time in Nashville, working with cellist Ben Sollee; she recorded in Los
Angeles with Matt Rollings, who has been a member of Lyle Lovett's Large Band
and worked with many others; she's also played in guitarist/vocalist Turner's
band. "There's enough time for all of it if you just stay present with what
you're doing at the moment. I find that it all folds into itself," Hunt said
about her seemingly nonstop schedule.

"Live at the Cactus Cafe" finds Hunt in the middle of that busy life, a
recording made in March on very little sleep. The band had played the night
before in Tomball and drove back to Austin at 2 a.m. "We had a rehearsal at
noon, went straight to sound check and then played the show," Hunt said. "We
were delirious, not well rested, and we had played the night before; maybe all
those things coming together made it a special show."

There are more albums to come in the near future. Hunt just finished recording
with former bandmate Connor Forsyth; she's also been writing with Turner, who
recently won the Telluride Bluegrass Festival's Troubadour award. Until those
projects are released, she's not planning on slowing down. In coming weeks she's
taking part in a youth summit in Wimberley with the Amala Foundation before
going back on the road for a set of shows booked through October. If that's not
enough, she also recently moved to New York, though she says that because of her
schedule, she lives "everywhere."

Phoebe Hunt plays at 6:30 p.m. Friday at Central Market, 4001 N. Lamar Blvd.

Feathers

"If All Now Here"

(Nyx)

Anastasia Dimou, the frontwoman and creative force for Austin-based Feathers,
has released a big, strong debut album of electronic dance music (but not EDM)
that avoids the trap of being boring. What Dimou and her band offer instead is a
nice dose of atmosphere, falling somewhere between sunset in a Michael Mann film
(or maybe Talking Heads' "Remain In Light") and a car speeding through the
desert in the middle of the night. Dimou, with her dream-like vocals, can do
epic, on tracks such as the chugging opener "Land of the Innocent" and the
thumping "Fire in the Night," on which she repeats, as if in a trance, "fire
come fill me never/leave me again." A more focused sound prevails on "Dark
Matter," which clanks along with angular, industrial elements, and the creeping
(and creepy) percussion of "Night Seances." Finally, "Welcome Possession" ends
things, ghostly, with desperate voices in the distance, speeding off into the
sunset, or the club. With "If All Now Here," Dimou and company offer further
evidence that Austin's growing electronic music world deserves more attention.

Feathers plays Sept. 11 at Red 7.

Royal Forest

"Spillway"

(King Electric Record Company)

Austin's Royal Forest have a list of recording locations that reads like an
Indiana Jones script: a World War II submarine; a lightning storm in the sand
dunes of the Monahans; an in-flight single-prop plane. Their band bio also
describes them as casting "a surreal shadow on Americana" with experimental
production techniques. It's a pretty big setup, implying a sound as out-there as
their West Texas recording site. "Spillway" doesn't go there, but that's not a
bad thing. "John Denver," the song the four-member band recorded while flying,
feels like it's coming out of a small space, with a wobbly effect kicking in
midway and a prop-like noise towards the end. At no point, however, does it
scream "we're in a plane!" Elsewhere on "Spillway," the band offers their take
on a post- "Yankee Hotel Foxtrot" world with the vast, sad tracks "Black Hills"
and "Broken Bow." "Almost Done" conjures Pink Floyd weirdness as it pits choppy
carnival fuzz against floating vocals, and the quiet title track winds up with a
pleasant squall. The brighter (at least sound-wise) "On The Sun" begins with a
pulsing pop and wraps with sludgy haze; closer "Man-made Lakes" similarly
contrasts an upbeat sound against gloomy, surreal lyrics. It's experimental, but
not overdone.

Royal Forest plays the Scoot Inn on Sept 21.

Contact Peter Mongillo at 512-445-3696.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved

                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Portales, News-Tribune (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 28, 2008 Wednesday

Coby Carter not just fiddlin' around: Portales youngster will spend summer
performing, learning

BYLINE: Helena Rodriguez, The Portales News-Tribune, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 542 words


May 28--A local fiddler is starting to make his name known and will play with
some big boys this summer.

Even more impressive, though, is that Coby Carter is only 12 years old.

Coby recently took first-place in the 12-and-under division at the Bob Wills
fiddle contest in Turkey, Texas, out-fiddling a dozen other young musicians.
Coby now has a busy summer planned, which will include more fiddling
competitions and camps and a spot on stage with Jody Nix and The Texas Playboys.

"It's really exciting, knowing that I'm going to be playing with legends. It
makes me nervous, but it's also exciting," said Coby, who will be an
eighth-grader at Portales Junior High School this fall. At PJHS, he plays
saxophone with his school band and is active with MESA (Mathematics Engineering
Science Achievement).

Coby also will perform with Nix at the Roosevelt County Fair in Portales in
August.

His summer string of gigs begins June 6, when he heads to Amarillo to play with
Nix at the World Champion Chuckwagon Cookoff.

Coby, the son of Alan and Shawn Carter, begin learning to play the fiddle by ear
at age 7. He soon began taking music lessons and learned to read music. He is
presently taking fiddling lessons via telephone conference from Dale Morris of
Decatur, Texas.

"My fiddling teacher has a good ear. He can hear if my bow is going in the wrong
direction," Coby said.

Coby's father said that Morris e-mails Coby music and said Coby can sit and read
and play it back to him.

Alan said the fiddles Cody uses have been in the family for years and are
anywhere from 100 to 300 years old. He recently had a fiddle completely restored
by Wesley Brown of Portales.

On July 5, Coby is scheduled to perform with The Texas Playboys at the Lovington
Centennial celebration. From July 6-8, he will attend the Tommy Allsup and Bobby
Boatwright Camp, a by-invitation-only camp in Crowell, Texas. Allsup of the
Texas Playboys was a lead guitarist with Buddy Holly.

Coby has received scholarships from the Western Swing Music Society of Amarillo
to attend music camps and also has played at Cowboy Christmas Balls in Texas.

Alan said that Coby came in contact with The Texas Playboys when he was invited
by Joe Rhodes of Joe's Boot Shop to walk around and play his fiddle in the
western store in Clovis during the weekends of local ropings about three years
ago. He said Rhodes then helped Coby get a gig with promoter Larry Scott at the
Lincoln County Cowboy Symposium in Ruidoso.

Although Coby aspires to become a engineer and contractor someday, he said he
wants to see how far his fiddling will take him.

He has formed a western swing band called Timeless with several of his friends.
Band members include Justice Strickland, guitarist/vocalist of Clovis; Kyle
Wilson, electric guitarist of Clovis; Sam Rice, drummer of Portales; and Coby on
fiddle.

To see more of The Portales News-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pntonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Portales News-Tribune, N.M.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080528-PV-Coby-Carter-not-just-fiddlin-around-0528

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PV


                          Copyright 2008 The Portales

                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Evening News (Edinburgh)

                           February 2, 2006, Thursday
                             ENTERTAINMENT Edition

Filska make the fiddle funky

BYLINE: Liam Rudden

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 405 words


A TASTE of traditional Scottish fiddle music come to the Brunton Theatre in
Musselburgh this week when the fiddle band Filska entertain with a selection of
original tunes and songs as well as giving a fresh and dynamic approach to both
traditional Shetland, and contemporary tunes.

Filska hail from the Shetland Islands and have built their music on the islands'
long tradition of fiddle playing. The word Filska itself comes from the Shetland
dialect, and means mischievous and high-spirited.

A five-piece, the band consists of Jenna Reid on fiddle, accordion and vocals,
her sister Bethany on fiddle, piano and vocals, Gemma Wilson on fiddle and
vocals and Andrew Tulloch on guitar and vocals.

As girls, Jenna and Bethany grew up together playing traditional Shetland music
through the encouragement of their mother, Joyce Reid.

Throughout their childhood the sisters benefitted from the tuition of the
late-great fiddlers Tom Anderson and Willie Hunter and under their guidance each
went on to become prominent prize-winners of Shetlands Young Fiddler of the Year
competition.

In 1995, the fledgling band recorded their debut album, entitled Harvest Home
which encompassed traditional material from Shetland, Scotland and Ireland, and
confirmed their musical talents from an early age. The success of Harvest Home
also saw a growing demand for Filska to perform on the mainland.

Subsequently, Filska were invited to perform on the Grampian TV traditional
music programme Ceol na Fidhle, an appearance that introduced them toawhole new
audience.

A second album, Time and Tide followed in 1998, recorded in Shetland by singer,
guitarist and recording engineer Andrew Tulloch who very quickly became a member
of the band.

The new line-up of three fiddles, guitar, accordion, piano and vocals delighted
audiences as Filska popularity grew so they found themselves touring Ireland,
France, Italy, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Canada and the US, where they were
invited to perform at the millennium celebrations held in the Epcot Centre,
Florida.

On their return to the UK, Filska also performed as part of the Scottish TV's
Millennium Celebrations. Along with Aly Bain and Phil Cunningham, the band
performed live from Vidlin Hall, Shetland, in a show that was broadcast to over
60 countries worldwide.

Catch them at the Brunton for a rare appearance in East Lothian.

Brunton Theatre, Musselburgh, Saturday, 7.30pm, GBP 11.50, 0131-665 2240

ENDS ***

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Scotsman Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Gridley Herald (California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 27, 2015

49th Annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association Fiddle & Picking
Championships

BYLINE: The Gridley Herald staff

LENGTH: 239  words


The 49th Annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association (CSOTFA) Open
Fiddle & Picking Championships will be held at the Oroville Municipal
Auditorium, 1200 Myers St., Oroville, CA Friday and Saturday March 20-21, 2015.
Contestants from ages four to 90 will compete at Championships hosted by
California State Old-Time Fiddlers' Association, District 1 (CSOTFA, District 1)
as well as the opening event, the Feather River Gospel Jam & Hoedown on
Thursday, March 19, from 5:30 p.m.to 9 p.m. Championship contest rules and
registration forms can be picked up any time at Houser's Music, 1944 Bird Street
in Oroville or at the Oroville Municipal Auditorium on Thursday and Friday,
March 19-20. Forms can also be downloaded and printed at
www.orovilleoldtimefiddlers.com. Admission is free (donations are tax
deductible), and the public is encouraged to attend.

There are currently 10 active districts in California, with Oroville being
District 1. Acoustic instruments played at jams include fiddle, mandolin, banjo,
Dobro (resonator guitar), harmonica, and guitar; vocals are also encouraged. In
addition to hosting the annual contest, District 1 holds an open jam on the
fourth Sunday of each month from 2-5:00 p.m. at the Feather River Senior Center,
1335 Myers Street in Oroville. Other districts also host jams, and their meeting
times and locations are listed on the CSOTFA, District 1 web site at
www.orovilleoldtimefiddlers.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GRH

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Gridley Herald

                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 17, 2011 Thursday

Plugged in with Kinvara

BYLINE: The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 867 words


March 17--Plugged In is a series featuring local singer-songwriters and bands as
part of The Year of Alabama Music. Nominate your favorite musicians by e-mailing
living@decaturdaily.com See www.yearofalabamamusic.com.

Whether you're of Irish descent or just participate in St. Patrick's Day
festivities for the green beer, Kinvara's clean, layered traditional Irish sound
will have you dancing a jig.

The Celtic band will perform tonight at 7:30 at the Flying Monkey Arts Center in
Huntsville with SlipJig, Erin Maguire and the Huntsville Irish Dancers. Cost is
$8.

On Friday night, Kinvara will perform at 7 at the Carnegie Visual Arts Center in
Decatur. The Carnegie Underground concert begins after the monthly Fri@5
artists' reception for the Youth Art Month exhibit. Cost is $20 and includes
beverages and snacks. Seating is limited.

Members include:

--Denny Cannon, lead vocals, guitar, whistles

--Bob O'Shields: bodhran, mandolin, vocals

--Al Trotter: flute, whistles

--Michael Bowman: fiddle, viola

--Nancy Wills: fiddle, Irish step dance

With the exception of O'Shields, who lives in Decatur, all the band members are
from Huntsville.

The Daily asked Cannon about the band's influences, most-requested songs and the
meaning behind the name. Here is an edited version of his answers:

How did the band get its start?

The band began as a duo with Denny and Larry Lynch, and evolved into the present
configuration over time.

Is this a full-time or part-time gig?

This is definitely a part-time gig for everyone. We love the music and have fun
playing.

Denny is a graphic designer/photographer; Bob is retired and also plays in the
band Group6; Al is an ear, nose and throat doctor; Michael of Huntsville is an
engineer; Nancy is a violin teacher.

How did you come up with the band name?

Kinvara is the name of a beautiful, quaint town in the west of Ireland near
Galway on the southern end of Galway Bay. Bob has been there many times. Denny
always liked the name and made the suggestion. Upon doing an online search, we
discovered the name was available as a band name, and it stuck.

When did you first feel the chemistry of the band?

Immediately. During the duo days of Lynch & Cannon, Bob was the first to join,
and the chemistry was obvious. Bob added strong rhythm with bodhran, as well as
his vocals, making three-part harmony a part of Kinvara's sound. Al was the next
to join, and his beautiful flute playing created an even fuller sound. Then came
Michael, adding his superb talents on fiddle/viola and the chemistry just kept
spiraling. Nancy was the last to join and is yet another fine musician who adds
a lot to Kinvara's sound with her excellent fiddle and step dance. Multi-fiddles
mixing harmonies with flute and vocals has become a signature Kinvara sound.

What have been the highlights of the band's career so far?

Backing Claire Lynch on four occasions. It was an honor!

What have been the biggest challenges?

Getting everyone together for rehearsals and gigs. With everyone involved in
other things, it's not easy.

How often does the band perform?

Most members can be found each Thursday evening at Finnegan's Pub in Huntsville
for an open session with our friends in SlipJig and other musicians. We've
performed at the Von Braun Center, Chais Music Hall in Wartrace, Tenn., the
Kaffeeklatch, the Roundhouse, Central Assembly Church in Huntsville, the Flying
Monkey Arts Center, Huntsville Public Library, the Carnegie, private parties and
wedding receptions.

Who are your major musical influences?

Planxty, Deanta, The Chieftains, The Bothy Band, Liam O'Flynn, Lunasa, Cherish
the Ladies, Joanie Madden, Paul Brady, Martin Hayes, Kevin Burke, Kevin
Crawford, Michael McGoldrick, Julie Fowlis, Muireann Nic Amhlaoibh, Cara Dillon,
Sean Nua, Capercaillie, Danu, Sharon Shannon, Great Big Sea, Gaelic Storm, Mark
Knopfler, Flook, Brian Finnegan, Beolach, Tim O'Brien and John Joe Kelly.

Do you perform covers or original music?

We perform many traditional Irish/Scottish/Cape Breton tunes/sets, as well as
original songs written by Denny.

What are your most requested songs or which ones do you play the most?

It varies depending on where we play and the audience, but "Whiskey in the Jar,"
Eleanor Plunkett/"Arthur McBride," "South Australia," "The Parting Glass," "A
Winter's Night in Dublin," "Lost Little Children," "Fiddler's Green" and "Bonnie
Ship the Diamond."

Where do you hope your music goes?

Our goal is to just have fun with the music, keep adding to our repertoire and
remain friends. If we get time to do a CD and maybe end up playing in Ireland,
that'd be great!

What's next for the band?

Next up is a special St. Patrick's Ceilidh event with our friends in SlipJig and
the Huntsville Irish Dancers, Carnegie Underground and Huntsville Public Library
Summer Concert Series on May 26.

See www.myspace.com/kinvaraband or
www.facebook.com/pages/Kinvara/131409793553251.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2011, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110317-DD-Plugged-in-with-Kinvara-0317-20110317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2011 The Decatur Daily

                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                           December 27, 2012 Thursday
                                  1 - Edition

Old-time good times

SECTION: PULSE; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 195  words


US duo Sammy and Nadine will cook up four courses of authentic Appalachian and
Midwestern old-time fiddle music in Tasmania next week as part of their first
Australian tour.

As members of the acclaimed Foghorn Stringband, based in Portland, Oregon,
Nadine Landry and Stephen "Sammy"" Lind travel the world performing Cajun,
old-time and bluegrass music, with each alternating between fiddle, guitar,
banjo and accordion.

Nadine and Sammy"s first recording as a duo, Granddad"s Favorite, covers musical
territory from Cajun to early country to traditional old-time.

Recorded in Louisiana by Joel Savoy (The Savoy Family Band), the album showcases
Sammy"s fine fiddle and banjo skills and Nadine"s guitar playing and powerful
vocals.

Sammy and Nadine perform more than 250 dates each year as they travel the world
spreading their love and respect for traditional music.

They will cook up an authentic gumbo before performing at their Cajun Feast gigs
on January 3 (South Hobart), January 4 (Sheffield) and January 6 (Old Beach),
email manager@arelmedia.com.au to book.

They also play a concert at Brookfield Margate from 7.30pm on January 5, tickets
are $20 from

www.arelmedia.com.au

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MER


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                           September 15, 2006 Friday

Milestones, Monday Sept. 18

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 365 words


Ross Jacobs, a senior at Tamalpais High School in Mill Valley, has been selected
to attend the 2006 Congressional Student Leadership Conference, sponsoredby
LeadAmerica, at F.W. Olin College in Boston.

The CSLC is a college-accredited invitational leadership program for
academically talented and promising young leaders nationally and
internationally.

Griffin Stoller, 11, of Belvedere defended his championship title to win a
first-place trophy and cash award in the California State Fiddle Championships
(9-12 division) in Oroville for the second year in a row.

This is the third nationally certified competition in which he has won first
place this year, inducting him into the National Fiddlers Hall of Fame for 2006.
For the third year in a row, he was awarded "Best of Show" (5-12 years) in all
categories as well as first place in the instrumental division (10-12 years) of
the Marin County Fair's "Marin Star Search." He also won first place in the
junior division (under 18) and second place in the open division of the 34th
Annual Fiddle Contest.

Griffin was also recently awarded a tuition scholarship to the Alasdair Fraser
Sierra Fiddle Camp for excellence in music. He is the son of Marcia McGovern and
David Stoller of Belvedere.

Rick Hixenbaugh of Novato was recently awarded the rank of Eagle Scout at a
Court of Honor in his honor after an accomplished Boy Scout career. Most
recently, Hixenbaugh was National Jamboree Troop 639 Patrol Leader, the 2005
Crew 73 Venturer of the Year and the 2005 Marin Council Venturer of the Year.

Kevin O'Sullivan of Novato, a Cal Poly engineering student, was part of the Cal
Poly Concrete Canoe team that took second place in the annual National Concrete
Canoe Competition sponsored by the American Society of Civil Engineers at
Oklahoma State University. The objective of the competition was to design, build
and race canoes made of concrete. Students were judged on categories including
aesthetics, structural integrity, a technical design paper, and an academic
presentation.

This year's Cal Poly entry was judged "Best Overall Product." O'Sullivan was one
of a team of concrete canoe race paddlers.

E-mail Milestones to calendar@ marinij.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2006 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved

                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               The Guardian (Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island)

                             October 8, 2004 Friday

Forty Fiddles Flat Out hits the right notes for fans of Celtic fiddle music

BYLINE: Gallant, Doug

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 677  words


For many people in this region, the sound of a bow caressing the strings of a
fiddle is the sweetest music this side of heaven.

For some, it is as much a part of life here as fresh air and salt water.

If you count yourself among those for whom the sweetly haunting sound of a
Celtic air, the crisp clip of a strathspey or the driving rhythm of a reel is as
good as it gets, you will undoubtedly find something to your liking on Forty
Fiddles Flat Out, the debut release from The Queens County Fiddlers, a group
comprised of more than 60 members between the ages of eight and 90 years.

Produced by fiddler Ward MacDonald, who serves as both president and music
director of this chapter of the P.E.I. Fiddlers Society, Forty Fiddles Flat Out
is comprised of 12 fiddle sets (37 tunes), the majority of which are made up of
traditional pieces.

Those traditional pieces include such well-known standards as Road to the Isles,
The Foresters, The Cheticamp Reel and The Dundee Hornpipe.

There are also a number of contemporary pieces here, several of them penned by
Islanders, like Ward MacDonald's Father Charlie Cheverie's Reel and Kevin
Chaisson's Carter MacKenzie's Reel.

Other contemporary entries include Jerry Holland's Johnny Muise's Reel, Regina
Stubbert's Jig by Brenda Stubbert and Cameron Chisholm's lovely Memories of
Father Charles MacDonald.

The material assembled here offers fiddle music fans a well-chosen selection of
waltzes, slow airs, jigs, strathspeys, and reels, something to please just about
everyone.

The Queens County Fiddlers, were augmented for these sessions by some very
familiar and talented faces on guitar and piano, including Richard Wood, Kevin
Chaisson and Lester Stubbert.

Think stocking stuffer for the fiddle fan on your Christmas shopping list.

And in the Maritimes just about every Christmas shopping list has one.

Proceeds from the sale of Forty Fiddles Flat Out, which is dedicated to fiddler
and mentor Father Charlie Cheverie, go toward the ongoing efforts of the Queens
County Fiddlers to promote fiddling on P.E.I. and toward other new initiatives.

In 2002 Dolly Parton mounted her first national tour in 10 years.

When that tour, which was staged in support of her Halos & Horns album, stopped
at Parton's Dollywood Theme Park in Tennessee, she and her hand-picked band,
Gary Davis and The Blue-niques, recorded the entire show.

That concert has just been released as a double CD and as a DVD.

Dolly Parton: Live and Well features close to two dozen tracks, most of them
drawn from her three critically acclaimed back-to-her- roots albums, The Grass
Is Blue, Little Sparrow and Halos & Horns.

But if you were along for the ride before that, don't fret, there's plenty of
material here for you as well, from her first major crossover hits, 9 To 5, Here
You Come Again and Islands In the Stream, one of several duets she's recorded
over the past 20 years with Kenny Rogers, to I Will Always Love You and Why'd
You Come In Here Lookin' Like That.

In addition, the album boasts some surprises, like her faithfully rendered
version of Neil Young's After The Gold Rush and, grip your garters, an
eye-opening cover of Led Zeppelin's Stairway To Heaven, in which Robert Plant's
signature guitar break is played by one mean dobro player and a slick banjo
picker.

Parton, who delights her audiences between songs with stories and bad jokes,
most of them poked at herself, is wonderful throughout these sessions. Her
remarkable, crystal clear voice is as impressive an instrument as it ever was.

She shines on such time-tested Parton standards as Coat of Many Colours,
Applejack, Jolene and My Tennessee Mountain Home, as well as on more recent hits
like Little Sparrow, Mountain Angel and Halos and Horns.

And she could not have asked more from her band, whose superior musicianship is
evident from the very first track, a short but spirited version of Orange
Blossom Special.

What the band does on Stairway To Heaven alone is worth the price of admission.

Doug Gallant, a reporter with The Guardian, can be reached at
lanterndoug@netscape.net or 629-6057.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2004 The Guardian, a division of Hollinger Canadian Newspapers, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            November 26, 2007 Monday

Born with the music in ya

BYLINE: By Baxter B lack, DVM

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 441 words


Some people are born with music in 'em. Other people do good with algebra,
throwin' a rope or rebuilding engines.

I am blessed with the music. My father's family played: Grandpa played the
fiddle, Uncle Wade the banjo, Uncle Bert guitar and second fiddle, Uncle Dink
the mandolin and third fiddle, Aunt Effie the organ and "Hi-wa-yen slide git-ar"
and my dad, the youngest, played whatever needed playing.

I remember as a boy goin' back to visit in Oklahoma. Saturday afternoon they'd
have a "musical." We'd gather at somebody's house. Anybody that wanted to play
would sit in a big circle in the living room, including kids. The recognized
"first fiddle" in the group would start playing. They never told you the song or
the key. There was no singing and nobody else took the lead. In my memory he'd
play 4 or 5 songs in one key, switch to another key, play a few in that one,
then eventually he'd say, "Bert, why don't you play one?" Bert, the acknowledged
"second fiddle," would graciously accept the invitation and play his favorites,
then pass it on down. It went on for 3 or 4 hours!

I started playing seriously at about 15 years old. The old-time fiddle music was
a great influence, but I also was a fan of the country music of my time; Lefty
Frizzell, Hank Snow, Hank Thompson, Jim Reeves, Faron Young, Kitty Wells,
Loretta Lynn. I played in a weekend country band in college. I picked up an
interest in bluegrass and Bob Wills' swing music. I was so focused on what I
liked that I missed Elvis, the Beatles, Bob Dylan and the hundreds of folk and
rock bands that were on radio stations I didn't listen to. Today I recognize
Mick Jagger, Bruce Springsteen and Madonna's picture, but I couldn't name a song
they did.

My brothers are musical, too. Then, somewhere along the line I married into
another Oklahoma musical family. They were a step up from us because they could
read music! Which just made them even better.

I've been schoolin' my son on the mandolin since he was about 10. He always
gripes. Last month he asked if he could switch to guitar. "Sure!" I said. Next
thing I know he's in his bedroom trying to figger out Billy Joel's "Piano Man!"
Looks like he's caught the bug.

Truth is, he never had a chance. When yer born with the music in ya, it's like
breathin.' Oh, did I tell you the mandolin he's been playin' for the last four
years was Aunt Effie's? I think she'd think that's cool.

Baxter Black is a former New Mexico resident who spent most of his working days
tormenting cows. He now resides in Arizona and spends most of his free time
tormenting cowboys and the sorts. His columns appear in the Deming Headlight
every Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2007 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 11, 2008 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Taking a Break From Life to Live the Fantasy

BYLINE: By HILARY HOWARD

SECTION: Section TR; Column 0; Travel Desk; MUSIC ISSUE HEADS UP; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1230 words


A  LATE-NIGHT jam session in a hotel lobby is what persuaded Tom Stockfisch to
take up the cello shortly before his 50th birthday. On a summer night four years
ago, he and his wife stumbled upon a Quality Inn where participants were staying
for the annual Strings Conference in San Diego, a summer camp of sorts for
violinists, cellists, bassists and viola players created by the virtuoso
violinist Mark O'Connor.

''Three people beside us started playing 'Cold Frosty Morning,' and then people
on the other side of us began to play it,'' he said. ''We heard it in stereo.''

Inspired -- and yet a complete novice -- Mr. Stockfisch, a consultant for
scientific software, registered for the next summer's session (''I sounded awful
the whole week,'' he said). When he returned the next year, he played the
prelude to Bach's Cello Suite No. 1 at the student concert. ''It's my new
religion,'' he said.

More and more adults are leaving their BlackBerrys and briefcases behind to
become swept up for a few days or weeks in the celebratory world of summer music
camps. The programs range in disciplines from chamber music to rock, and many of
them take place in bucolic, low-stress zones like the hills of Tennessee or the
lake country of Interlochen, Mich.

''When people do have a chance to have time off, they want to accomplish
something, fulfill a passion they have,'' said Nancy LaPook Diamond, president
of NicheDirectories, which publishes GrownUpCamps.com. ''In the last couple of
weeks, we added two new music camps to our directory. There's a tremendous trend
toward enrichment programs in general.''

The Strings Conference in San Diego, which this year is July 27 to Aug. 2,
followed Mr. O'Connor's original brainchild: the Mark O'Connor Fiddle Camp in
Tennessee (www.markoconnor.com). The camp was inspired by the release of his
1993 album ''Heroes,'' which featured his playing of duets in a variety of
styles with musicians who had inspired him as a child, including Pinchas
Zukerman, a classical player, and Stephane Grappelli, a jazz violinist. ''I got
the idea if I created a camp where I could bring together all these traditions
and disciplines of string music, it would be a really unique offering,'' he
said.

The fiddle camp takes place 40 miles west of Nashville at Montgomery Bell State
Park one week every summer (this year the dates are June 22 to 28; it costs
$750). Campers may choose to pitch tents or stay in basic cabins as part of the
camp fee or stay at an inn, which is not included in the fee.

For the first two days a ''fiddlers shuffle'' takes place, after which ''the
entire camp will have seen every discipline and every teacher that we feature,''
Mr. O'Connor said. ''Bluegrass people's eyes will be opened to klezmer.'' Other
disciplines include violin hip-hop and traditional music played on the erhu, a
Chinese fiddle. From there on out, students create their own curriculum.

Mr. O'Connor is hoping to begin his third summer strings program in 2009 in
Manhattan, where he now lives.

Laura Colcord, a management consultant and ''wannabe jazz pianist,'' is another
music camp convert. Ms. Colcord first went to Jazz Vermont (www.jazzcamp.com)
because it was a birthday gift from her brother. She's now returning for her
fifth straight summer. The camp, which takes place this year from July 13 to 18,
holds a five-day session at the Killington Grand Hotel every summer for $1,624 a
person, including lodging (some discounts are available).

Participants play in bands they're assigned to and work with guest artists like
the tenor saxophonist Jerry Bergonzi, on the faculty at the New England
Conservatory. Ms. Colcord, who leads a busy professional life during the year,
finds that jazz camp helps her get into a different frame of mind. ''If you
choose to do music, it drives out -- at least for a moment -- everything else
that you're worried about,'' she said.

''Almost all of our students have other careers,'' said Byron Siegal, president
of Jazz Vermont. ''We could open our own law firm. Or medical clinic.''

Some doctors, apparently, want to rock. Bill McDonald, a maxillofacial surgeon
from Vancouver, enrolled in one of David Fishof's rock 'n' roll fantasy camps
(www.rockandrollfantasycamp.com), which take place in London and throughout
America in cities like Detroit and Seattle. They offers various ways and
opportunities to perform with rock stars in professional venues.

''I thought, 'Am I ready for this?' '' Dr. McDonald said. ''Finally I decided
'Who cares, I'm going to do it.' So I enrolled and started practicing like
heck.''

His first experience, which included auditioning for Bruce Kulick, former lead
guitarist for Kiss, was ''a bit intimidating.'' Dr. McDonald eventually teamed
up with Kip Winger (vocalist and bassist for the 1980s rock band Winger), who
coached him and his band while they rehearsed at S.I.R. studios in Los Angeles.
Special guests like the guitarist Neal Schon from Journey and  Roger Daltrey
from the Who would stop by to offer advice and jam.

Dr. McDonald has signed up for his fourth fantasy this summer, a five-day bus
tour with performances in five cities, with the not-so-cheap price tag of $9,999
a person (the fee includes everything -- lodging, bus, meals -- except for
airfare). But for him, it seems to be well worth the money.

''In the profession I do, I'm always worried about my patients,'' he said.
''This takes me away from that. I become totally infatuated and engrossed with
the band. It's almost like going to another world for a bit. Rejuvenation, if
you want to call it.''

The rejuvenation theory makes a lot of sense to Bayla Keyes, artistic director
of the Interlochen Adult Chamber Music Camp in Michigan (www.interlochen.org).
''Some of these people store up everything for a year and they just come and
play, play, play in the summer,'' she said.

The program, which costs $389 (not including housing) and is one of the oldest
and biggest of its kind in the country, will conduct its 58th year Aug. 13 to
19, and has spawned other adult music programs at Interlochen, like the Early
Music Workshop (June 8 to 13), Adult Band Camp (Aug. 5 to 10), and a Guitar
Festival Workshop (Aug. 21 to 23).

''This place inspires such loyalty,'' said Ms. Keyes of the arts center, built
around two lakes and primarily known for being an arts camp for children. ''It's
very corny, but  people always talk about the Interlochen magic.

''For hundreds of years, there's been an association between music and the
outdoors. You cannot imagine how important music camps are in the development of
so many professional and amateur musicians. It's like summer and freedom. All of
this magic happens when you're away from home.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 11, 2008



CORRECTION: An article on Page 6 of the Travel section this weekend about music
camps for adults misspells the given name of one rock musician who has appeared
at a rock 'n' roll fantasy camp and misspells the surname of another. They are
Neal Schon, not Neil, and Roger Daltrey, not Daltry.

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Participants at the Mark O'Connor Fiddle Camp in Tennessee.
Styles taught range from violin hip-hop to jazz.  (PHOTOGRAPHS BY MARK
O'CONNOR/TENNESSEE FIDDLE CAMP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company

                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             May 21, 2015, Thursday

Musicians are fit as a fiddle;
Local youth, adults in Fiddlers Galore will take stage at Vandalia Gathering

BYLINE: BILLY WOLFE, DAILY MAIL LIFE EDITOR

SECTION: A&E; Pg. P1D

LENGTH: 990 words


Fiddlers Galore

To see video and photos of fiddle lovers, scan here with your smartphone or
tablet or go to daily mailwv.com.

Garry Kibler was perfectly at peace with the world Tuesday evening.

From his relaxed body language to the wide grin that kept appearing on his face,
it was clear that not much could get him down.

Kibler, 58, just started learning the fiddle last April. In January, his teacher
invited him to join Fiddlers Galore, a collective of musicians that meets every
Tuesday to fill the Fret n Fiddle in St. Albans with their dulcet melodies.

Kibler, who had never attempted a musical instrument of any kind until three
years ago, had just wrapped up a private lesson with Cathy Grant Tuesday night
and was waiting for the group session to start. As members arrived one by one at
the store, they greeted each other with smiles and friendly conversation.

Grant took a seat in front of the group with her guitar, instructed them to
stand and began strumming the rhythm. Her students, ranging from elementary
school students to retirees, then kicked in with near perfect harmony, all
played from memory.

"Playing music is therapy, Kibler said. "No matter what kind of day you had at
work or whatever, you come here and it all gets better.

If you've ever wondered what "I'll Fly Away or "Bonaparte Crossing the Rhine
sounds like played on 20-plus fiddles, you'll get your chance this weekend at
the Vandalia Gathering. Fiddlers Galore takes the Old-Time Stage at 1 p.m.
Saturday for a group jam that will also feature a few solos by the group's
youngsters.

Kibler didn't really grow up with music. None of his family members played. He
still doesn't have aspirations of being a musician. "I still don't read a bit of
music, he said. "I'm not a musician, I'm just having fun.

Susan Paitsel represents the other end of the spectrum.

Paitsel, one of the original members of Fiddlers Galore, comes from a family of
musicians - one brother plays guitar in Nashville bands, one teaches music and
one is a gospel-singing minister. Her son, Anthony, is a jazz musician and plays
at various venues around Charleston when he comes home from Colorado, she said.

She grew up with family members who performed country and gospel music but
didn't start pursuing music on her own until the last of her children was grown
and out of the house.

Over the years, she's joined the group at Vandalia several times, at the Alban
theater, Albans Park and dozens of other venues.

"We're like a family, she said of the group. "We've been through births,
weddings and funerals together.

Kibler said the more experienced musicians like Paitsel at first were
intimidating to him, but he quickly found he had a place in Fiddlers Galore.

"I didn't think I was good enough at first, but it's a great group of people and
there are different levels of expertise, he said.

He said he struggled with a couple aspects of fiddle playing.

"It's a fret-less instrument, so you really have to hear the notes, and I never
thought I'd be able to do it, he said. "And the bow is a beast all its own.

He said Grant's patient tutelage has helped him come far in a short amount of
time.

"She's an awesome teacher. She is corrective, but not critical, he said.

Grant, 64, started the group about 10 years ago and all of the original members
are still there.

"I've been playing violin since I was a little kid, and then I discovered
fiddling about 20 years ago when I went to a Scottish festival in Oberlin
(Ohio), she said.

The Cleveland native was instantly hooked, but couldn't find many fiddle
teachers in her area. So, she started traveling to West Virginia to play in
old-time music jams and quickly mastered the style.

That's how she came to meet Joe Dobbs, owner of the Fret n Fiddle.

"He kept telling me if I just came to West Virginia I would have all the
students I wanted, she said.

Eventually, she took his advice and moved to the Mountain State. It turns out
Dobbs was right. She's been a full-time music instructor ever since.

Asked what appealed to her about old-time music, Grant said it offered more
freedom than classical music.

"It was just the whole idea of the freedom ... You could pick a tune and play it
how you wanted to play it. You're not locked into anything and it was just kind
of liberating, she said.

The youngest members are all picking up on the craft quickly.

Jensine Atkins, 10, Sydnee Stricklin, 9, and Kaylee Polk, 8, all said they are
having a blast playing with the group. Grant said that Polk will perform with
the group for the entire performance at Vandalia.

Atkins is the youngest of three generations of her family in Fiddlers Galore.
Her grandmother, Karen, also plays fiddle, and her father, Jamie, plays bass.

She said she's a little nervous about the performance, but feels better knowing
that all of her group mates will be on stage with her.

All three agreed that the traditional folk tune "Liberty is the most
challenging.

"I get tangled up in it sometimes, Atkins said.

As for Kibler? It's going to be his first time ever on stage in front of an
audience, but he said he isn't nervous at all.

"I'm too old for that, he said. "I got over what other people think a long time
ago.

Held over Memorial Day weekend on the state Capitol grounds each year, the
Vandalia Gathering brings together traditional musicians, dancers, artisans and
crafters. The full schedule is available at www.wvculture.org.

ALLIE HUGHES/ FOR THE DAILY MAIL

Members of Fiddlers Galore achieve near perfect harmony during a practice
session Tuesday night. Go to www.dailymailwv.com for video.

Jensine Atkins, 10, Sydnee Stricklin, 9, and Kaylee Polk, 8, will each get to
play with the group this weekend, including a couple of solos.

Karen Atkins got her granddaughter Jensine involved in the group. Her son,
Jamie, who is Jensine's father, plays bass with Fiddlers Galore but wasn't able
to make it to practice Tuesday night.

Reach Life editor Billy Wolfe at Life@dailymailwv.com or 304-348-4830.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers

                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            March 28, 2012 Wednesday

Up-and-coming Americana singer, songwriter and fiddler Amanda Shires headlines
the third Turf Club Music Series concert

BYLINE: By BETH PEERLESS Herald Correspondent

SECTION: MUSIC

LENGTH: 1134 words


Playing the six degrees of separation name game, Texas-born Nashville-based
singer/songwriter/fiddler Amanda Shires has rubbed shoulders with greatness many
times in her short 29 years on the planet.

As a precocious 15-year-old, she played fiddle with the original Texas Playboys,
the band known for its time playing with country swing king Bob Wills.

She snagged a role in last year's film "Country Strong" as a fiddler in Gwyneth
Paltrow's fictional country star's band, and she's had the pleasure of being
compared to songwriting legend Tom Waits and country singer/songwriter Dolly
Parton.

Alt country star Ryan Adams appears in photos on her Facebook music page,
courtesy of her friendship and musical support of former Drive By Truckers
member Jason Isbell, who toured last year with Adams.

And Justin Townes Earle, musician son of Americana legend Steve Earle, is quoted
as saying about Shires, "With a voice that whispers Dolly and lyrics that scream
Faulkner, this girl shines like a diamond, but she's pure Pearl."

While she disputes the Faulkner label, this sweetheart of a young lady does have
a knack, you might say, for expressing herself in the tradition of Lucinda
Williams. Is that enough name-dropping for you?

Now we can move on to the girl herself. Coming fresh and crisp from her
appearances at the music industry showcase extravaganza known as SXSW (South By
Southwest), Shires will appear this Saturday in the role of the next big alt
country star booked into the Turf Club Music Series at the Monterey County
Fairgrounds.

Opening act will be local honky-tonk outfit The Good Sams. The music gets
started at 7 p.m. and goes to around midnight. Those 21 and over are welcome to
come out to enjoy her distinctive talent.

"I'm hoping that everyone who has the night off can make it to the show," Shires
said in a phone interview from Fort Worth, Texas, where she was booked to
perform that night. "It's a listening show for sure, but it's not going to be
boring. I promise a night of no boredom, or they get their money back," she
said, tongue in cheek.

For the first part of her professional life, Shires quickly made tracks into the
mainstream country world, taking side-person jobs whenever she could, playing
the fiddle.

Having a history with the legendary Texas Playboys helped matters considerably,
especially since she was able to land that gig a mere five years after she
coerced her father into buying her first fiddle, a lime-green Chinese instrument
from a pawn shop in dusty downtown Mineral Wells, Texas, the town where she was
born. More firsts were to follow.

"The first time I ever sang in public was with the Texas Playboys, and Leon
Rausch had to hold my hand the whole time I was so friggin' scared," she
confessed. "Then I sang a Texas Playboys song and then it was over. I did a good
job, although I thought, 'I'm never going to do that again.' It was so hard.
Something, or for some reason, a person feels like they have to do something
like that."

She's matured into a confident professional, taking on the indie country market
with her literary and picturesque writing style. While she keeps a residence in
Nashville, where she moved to hone her craft and struggle a bit to sharpen the
edges of her wit, she also maintains strong ties to the Lone Star State,
recording and occasionally performing with the Lubbock band Thrift Store Cowboys
(which she joined while still in college) and sometimes even teaching fiddle at
Texas Playboys' singer Tommy Allsup's summer music camp.

"My first full effort as a singer/songwriter is called 'West Cross Timbers,'
named for the area of Texas I was born in," she said. "Before that, although I
don't call it a release, there was a record called 'Being Brave,' a record of
fiddle tunes I had as a side person I carry around. If people want to hear an
hour of fiddle music they could buy it and take it home with them. That is if
they wanted to torture themselves they could."

The girl has a sense of humor, while at the same time keeping a no-nonsense view
of life, taking into consideration a few life lessons that have helped her to
appreciate the rarified air she breathes and the good fortune she has had to do
as well as she has at such a young age.

(She had an unfortunate accident last year, breaking a finger on her left hand.
With good medical care and a positive attitude, she's been able to work through
the injury satisfactorily. Still, it made her appreciate being able to do what
she loves all the more.)

In 2008, she and singer/songwriter Rod Picott, (who appears with her this
weekend on guitar) released a duo recording called "Sew Your Heart." "West Cross
Timbers" appeared in 2009. Both were met with enthusiastic reviews and radio
support, with the former being voted the fourth best debut album of 2008 by FAR
(Freeform American Roots) Chart reporters, and the later reaching No. 21 on the
Americana Music Association Chart.

The Gibson Guitar company featured Shires on their website as one of 2009's
breakout artists, and No Depression called "West Cross Timbers" one of the 50
best releases of the year.

"My most recent recording (released May 3, 2011) is 'Carrying Lightning,' she
said. "It's a lyric taken from the first song on the record, 'Swimmer (Dreams
Don't Keep).' It's about that feeling you get when you see somebody for the
first time and that you might have a connection to and that you're drawn to. And
all the crap that goes along with it. And then there's the aftermath."

April was the last time I think I saw you
You were carrying lightning
The way you walked into the room.
If I was a flower I would've opened up and bloomed
I say I don't care, but I'm a liar
Look how easy a heart can catch on fire.

"I have a record collection I like," she said. "While I think of myself as a
songwriter, if I had to put myself up next to some of those bad asses, I'd just
have to leave the room."

Picott, who she has on this tour before she heads to England and Ireland, is one
of her favorite singer/songwriters. She says his songs are like character
sketches and his new record, "Welding Burns," is mostly about work and the
working class.

"He's going to play some songs from his new record and make a big night of it,"
she promised.

It all sounds like a winning combination for the third in this new series that
benefits the nonprofit Monterey County Fair Heritage Foundation.

Beth Peerless can be reached atpeerless@mbay.net . GO!

CONCERT

What: Turf Club Music Series presents Amanda Shires; The Good Sams opens
Where: Turf Club at the Monterey County Fairgrounds, 2004 Fairground Road,
Monterey
When: 7 p.m.-midnight, Saturday, March 31
Tickets: $15 general, $12 military/seniors/students, available at
www.showclix.com or at the door; 21 and older
Information: 633-4444 or email Wendy Brickman at brickman@brickmanmarketing.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Americana singer, songwriter and fiddler Amanda Shires headlines the
third Turf Club Music Series concert Saturday night at the Turf Club at the
Monterey County Fairgrounds.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Sun (Lowell, Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 4, 2007 Thursday

Just fiddlin' around

BYLINE: Bridget Scrimenti, The Sun, Lowell, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 442 words


Jan. 4--WESTFORD -- Katie McNally vigorously shuffles her bow. The lyrical
sounds of Scottish fiddle music permeate her living room.

"I'm trying to make it as beautiful as I possibly can and feel what the composer
was feeling," McNally said.

McNally, 16, has been playing the fiddle since she was 8. She says that while
most people associate fiddle music with barn dances, the music is much more
emotional.

She plays a traditional Scottish song called an air. The lyrical tunes are an
expressive and slower type of fiddle music.

"What comes out in an air is the deeper side of fiddling -- the real emotion,"
McNally said.

She will perform at the Boston Celtic Music Festival in Cambridge on Jan. 12
through Jan. 14. The festival combines all styles of Celtic music and dancing,
while artists perform simultaneously on four stages inside Cambridge's Club
Passim and the First Parish Church, both located in Harvard Square.

"It's a pretty vibrant event," said co-founder Shannon Heaton, an Irish flute
player and singer who started the festival four years ago to offer Boston-area
artists a chance to display their talent.

This is McNally's second year performing at the festival. She will play a medley
of fiddle songs called reels, including a jig she wrote.

McNally competed in the U.S. National Scottish Fiddling Competition in 2004 and
2005, ranking second and third among the country's top 15 teenage fiddlers.

She recently placed third in a New England Regional Competition and will compete
again in the National Scottish Fiddling Competition later this year.

Her passion for fiddling began with an Eileen Ivers concert at Lowell's Boarding
House Park. The famous Irish fiddler inspired McNally to take fiddling more
seriously, while the concert left her awestruck.

"I had to hold Katie down, she was floating afterward," said her mother Leanne.

McNally is a junior at Concord Academy. She performs locally with the Westford
contradance band OH CONTRAire and the bluegrass band Boston Road.

She is looking forward to the Celtic Music Festival and calls the event a "great
introduction" to Celtic music. McNally will perform with the teenage
Boston-based group 5AM and in the show's finale concert, "Finding Our Way."

"It's the people you play with and how passionate they are," she said. "There's
so much new music, but it retains it's old timeless quality."

Copyright (c) 2007, The Sun, Lowell, Mass. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070104-LZ-0104-Just-fiddlin-around

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LZ


                             Copyright 2007 The Sun

                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 23, 1991, Friday, Final Edition

Charlie Daniels, Fit When Fiddling

Geoffrey Himes

SECTION: WEEKEND; PAGE N15

LENGTH: 281 words


CHARLIE DANIELS may have the vocal range of a telephone operator, the ego of a
talk-show host and the political instincts of a cave man, but there are certain
things that he does very well. He can make a fiddle sound like a rock 'n' roll
guitar, he can make a guitar sound like a country fiddle and he can make a tall
tale sound believable. Daniels's new album, "Renegade," presents the country
rocker at both his worst and best.

The album opens with the title cut, an obnoxious, self-righteous complaint that
neither conservative Nashville producers nor East Coast liberal pundits have
recognized his genius; it's sung in an irritating, nasal, flat vocal. This is
followed by a delightful story-song, "Talk to Me Fiddle," about a violin that is
passed from Jewish immigrant to Cajun farmer to Yankee gambler to a bluesman to
Texas swing musician, with Daniels playing the appropriate fiddle licks for each
verse. This is followed by "Little Folks," the kind of hyper-maudlin tribute to
children that increases sales in birth control.

Next is the album's first single, "Honky Tonk Life," a convincing hard-country
number about the perils of the drinking life -- a surprising turnaround for this
former alcohol advocate. "Fathers and Sons" is another sugar overdose, but the
appealing "Twang Factor" is the first time Daniels has managed to celebrate
working-class Southerners without putting down someone else. "Let Freedom Ring"
is the kind of dumb and annoyingly overproduced anthem that celebrates an
undefined and thus meaningless "freedom." The high point is a remake of
Daniels's 1975 chestnut, "Willie Jones," an expertly paced story-song about a
homesick prisoner.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, CHARLIE DANIELS

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post

                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             April 10, 2005 Sunday
                                 Idaho Edition

Small fry make the notes fly;
Young fiddlers at regional contest perform with enthusiasm and joy

BYLINE: Jody Lawrence-Turner Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 598 words


The 5-year-old girl tapped her pink cowboy boots in time with her fiddle playing
as she performed Saturday at the 37th annual Northwest Regional Fiddle Contest
for the first time.

Elk resident Macy Morgan was the youngest participant at this weekend's
competition held at East Valley High School. The competition continues today.

More than 100 fiddlers gathered to play their way into eight spots at the
national competition this June in Weiser, Idaho.

Macy, just like all fiddlers in the competition, had to play three songs in four
minutes for the judges. The selections had to include a hoedown, a waltz and a
song of their choice. She played "Cripple Creek," "Edelweiss" and "Grandfather's
Clock."

Not only can the young lady play the latter song on the fiddle, she can also
sing it by request, which she did for family and friends during the lunch break.

Macy started taking fiddle lessons in October from JayDean Ludiker, a well-known
music instructor who holds lessons for about 80 children per week, 10 to 12 of
which are under the age of 6.

"It's really fun," Ludiker said of teaching the children under 6 years old.
"They are just like little sponges. They learn from visuals, from watching how I
play.

"Macy is doing above average," Ludiker said of the young girl's musical ability.
"She loves doing it. It is her attitude that makes it."

The 5-year-old said her favorite part about playing the fiddle is "where I get
to move my fingers fast."

Macy competed Saturday in the Small Fry division with 15 other children under 7.
Small Fry was one of seven age-based divisions in the contest. The other
divisions are championship, senior, young adult, adult, junior and
junior-junior.

Macy didn't make the cut for the national championship this year, but she didn't
walk away empty-handed.

The little girl with pink ribbons accenting each of her blond pigtails
proclaimed "I won," after she and the oldest competitor, 87-year-old Mary Sharp,
received commemorative glasses for their respective ages as participants in the
contest.

Macy's joy about her "trophy" delighted spectators who chuckled as the young
lady ran to show it off to her mom.

Sharp, a veteran fiddle player, said her one piece of advice to Macy was to
"enjoy yourself."

The fiddle-playing children appeared to be doing just that.

Ed Miller, an organizer of the fiddle contest and father of another Small Fry
participant, said it's great to see young children interested in playing an
instrument and parents are fortunate that the Spokane-area is rich with talented
fiddlers.

Drew, Miller's son, decided when he was 3 years old that he wanted to start
playing the fiddle. He'd even picked the genre - bluegrass, Miller said.

Drew, now 5, competed in the Northwest Regional Fiddle Contest for his second
year in a row.

Miller plays guitar during the contest to accompany his son on the fiddle. He
said while he's on stage panicking, his son has an unwavering confidence and
nerves of steel.

"Don't you wish that confidence never went away," Macy's mom remarked.

Macy also has the no-fear attitude and a passion for her newly discovered
musical ability.

When she was asked how long she plans to keep playing the fiddle, her answer was
"all the way, even when I grow up."

SIDEBAR:

IF YOU GO

FIDDLE CONTEST

The 37th annual Northwest Regional Fiddle Contest continues at 9 a.m. and 1 p.m.
today at East Valley High School, 15711 E. Wellesley Ave. The competition is
open to the public. Single performances cost $8 for adults, $7 for students and
seniors, and free for those under 5. For more information, call (509) 228-9030.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                              July 9, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

She chose fiddle over dish duties; Lachine native. Played with Montreal
Philharmonic Orchestra

BYLINE: Melissa Arseniuk, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


The soundtrack of Roma McMillan's life - fiddle music - began in wartime sorrow
and evolved into catchy rhythms and cheery tunes that earned her more than 200
trophies and a handful of honours.

Born on July 5, 1911, the renowned 95-year-old fiddler suffered a stroke on June
26 and died Wednesday, the day before her 96th birthday.

As a girl, McMillan was introduced to the violin after her only uncle was killed
in the First World War. Her older brother, Douglas, inherited their uncle's
violin, and it was shipped to the family's home in Lachine.

When Douglas didn't take to the instrument, McMillan convinced her mother to let
her give it a try.

McMillan, then 7, dusted it off, named it Henrietta and the rest is
knee-slappin', foot-tappin', good old-time history.

"She always practised when it was dishwashing time and the other girls protested
until her father made an ultimatum that if the playing didn't improve and
quickly, Roma would be back on dishwashing detail," McMillan's daughters, June
Boulerice and Joye Oswald, wrote in an address marking their mother's 95th
birthday. "She disliked doing dishes so much that she soon was playing well
enough to join the Montreal Philharmonic Orchestra."

By the time McMillan was 18, she was an accomplished musician with the
orchestra. She completed 15 broadcasts with the ensemble before leaving town
with her other love, a Holstein farmer from Ontario named Hugh.

After the two married in 1935, they moved to Elma, Ont., where McMillan's
concert violin changed its tune and old-time fiddle became more her style.

"Hugh told me I could play anything I wanted, but that if I wanted people to
listen, I would have to switch to old-time fiddling. I did, and I loved it. I
still play classicals to stay sharp, but I love old-time," she once said.

She had a few fiddles that she played regularly, including a blue one that
proved that one person's trash really is another person's treasure.

"Somebody found it in a garbage can or a trash can," Boulerice marvelled
Saturday. "She painted it herself ... and she played on it a lot."

McMillan has won numerous awards, including the Canadian Grandmasters Fiddle
Championship lifetime award. She has also been inducted into the North American
Fiddlers Hall of Fame, the New York Fiddlers Hall of Fame and the Ottawa Valley
Country Music Hall of Fame.

She appeared on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno and played at a Rideau Hall
garden party for Adrienne Clarkeson when she was governor-general.

McMillan worked outside the house for a living, while helping her husband with
the farming, raising their family and her fiddling. She retired in 1976 as
business manager of the Winchester District Memorial Hospital. Later, she was
national secretary of the Federated Women's Institutes in Ottawa. While there,
she taught at the Folklore Centre. Over the years, McMillan taught hundreds of
students and fiddled in several bands.

She is survived by her two daughters and sons-in-law, 11 grandchildren, 20
great-grandchildren, and many nieces and nephews.

Ottawa Citizen

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: TEDD CHURCH, GAZETTE FILE; McMillan inherited her uncle's fiddle after
her brother proved he hadn't the talent for it. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OBITUARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           February 1, 2012 Wednesday

Bringing the gunfire graffiti crew to book

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 348 words


charlotte cox

THE CAT and Fiddle features in a new book about gun owners testing their weapons
on signs across the country.

Author Matthew Seiber featured in the Express in March last year over his claims
of gun testing on the road labelled Europe's most dangerous.

A book detailing his research Gunfire Graffiti' has now been published, with a
number of references to the Cat and Fiddle.

The preface is by Crimewatch broadcaster Nick Ross.

Mr Seiber, a firearms expert, said: I've sent a copy to the Prime Minister to
draw attention to this issue.

The book doesn't pull any punches and it might upset some people but it's the
plain honest truth and we need more of that in my opinion.

Last year, the Express saw two signs on the Macclesfield side of the road which
have been scarred one with a golf ball-sized hole.

Former marine Matt said at the time there were at least five signs which have
been shot by illegal gun owners.

Mr Sieber who seeks out illegal firearms test sights across the country to
report on his website Gunfire Graffiti, said: I'm confident the Cat and Fiddle
has been used to test firearms.

There are at least five signs up there penetrated by gunfire. He added: And
those holes have been made by handguns illegal to own since 1996.

You're looking at people who don't have licences and can't go to official gun
clubs to test them. They'll be coming up from Manchester to find somewhere out
in the sticks to test them.

It's the sort of thing you expect to see in America.

He added: I find it quite sinister that people can be going out test-firing arms
illegally and very dangerously with complete immunity.

Now a corporate driving instructor, Matt, 55, who was in the Royal Marines from
1978 to 1987, became fascinated with gunfire graffiti' after he witnessed a test
shoot' just outside Madrid in his student days.

He said: It was a harrowing experience, although I've never seen it live in this
country.

I don't know who these people are, but I wouldn't want to go down the pub for a
drink with them.

n See video at

macclesfield-express.co.uk.

n Buy the book at watersidepress.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLAST Bullet holes pepper a sign on the Cat and Fiddle road

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           February 1, 2012 Wednesday

Bringing the gunfire graffiti crew to book

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 348 words


charlotte cox

THE CAT and Fiddle features in a new book about gun owners testing their weapons
on signs across the country.

Author Matthew Seiber featured in the Express in March last year over his claims
of gun testing on the road labelled Europe's most dangerous.

A book detailing his research Gunfire Graffiti' has now been published, with a
number of references to the Cat and Fiddle.

The preface is by Crimewatch broadcaster Nick Ross.

Mr Seiber, a firearms expert, said: I've sent a copy to the Prime Minister to
draw attention to this issue.

The book doesn't pull any punches and it might upset some people but it's the
plain honest truth and we need more of that in my opinion.

Last year, the Express saw two signs on the Macclesfield side of the road which
have been scarred one with a golf ball-sized hole.

Former marine Matt said at the time there were at least five signs which have
been shot by illegal gun owners.

Mr Sieber who seeks out illegal firearms test sights across the country to
report on his website Gunfire Graffiti, said: I'm confident the Cat and Fiddle
has been used to test firearms.

There are at least five signs up there penetrated by gunfire. He added: And
those holes have been made by handguns illegal to own since 1996.

You're looking at people who don't have licences and can't go to official gun
clubs to test them. They'll be coming up from Manchester to find somewhere out
in the sticks to test them.

It's the sort of thing you expect to see in America.

He added: I find it quite sinister that people can be going out test-firing arms
illegally and very dangerously with complete immunity.

Now a corporate driving instructor, Matt, 55, who was in the Royal Marines from
1978 to 1987, became fascinated with gunfire graffiti' after he witnessed a test
shoot' just outside Madrid in his student days.

He said: It was a harrowing experience, although I've never seen it live in this
country.

I don't know who these people are, but I wouldn't want to go down the pub for a
drink with them.

n See video at

macclesfield-express.co.uk.

n Buy the book at watersidepress.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLAST Bullet holes pepper a sign on the Cat and Fiddle road

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Nelson Daily News (British Columbia)

                             April 30, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Fiddling around in Castlegar

BYLINE: Nelson Daily News

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 554  words


The B.C. Old Time Fiddlers, Kootenay #9, was formed in around 1982 and consists
of members playing piddle, piano, guitar, accordion, banjo, mandolin, base
fiddle as well as singers. We hold our meetings the last Sunday of each month in
the Genelle Hall. Our members are from Nelson, Slocan Valley, Salmo, Fruitvale,
Trail, Robson, Castlegar, and Grand Forks. We play for the United Way, Trail
Food Bank, Seniors Homes, Royal canadian Legion on Remembrance Day and many
other organizations.

On July 19th to the 23rd, we will be hosting our 2rd Annual Workshop for Fiddle,
Piano and Guitar at Selkirk College in Castlegar. The workshop caters to a broad
range of fiddling skill levels from beginner to advance of any age. We have very
accomplished and experienced instructors teaching at the workshop.

Fiddle instructors will be Gord Stobbe from Nova Scotia. Gord plays many styles
and is an inspiring teacher. He travels all over Canada. He is the author of "Of
Course You Can Play the Fiddle". Gord has been teaching at Emma Lake in Sask.
and will be teaching at Gavin Lake, B.C.

Keith Wilson from Abbotsford, B.C. will be returning this year. He has taught at
Gavin Lake, B.C. and has won many fiddle contests and represented B.C. at the
Canadian Grand Masters in Ontario and has also judged at the Grand Masters and
other fiddle contests. He is a musical director in the Central Fraser Valley and
is a director with the B.C. Old Time Fiddlers Association.

Nadia Olafson hails from Kamloops, B.C. and started playing the violin at age 4,
and won the Championship in the Kootenay Music Festival at age 19. While at UBC
she played with the Vancouver Junior Symphony. Since her retirement from the
teaching profession she has returned to fiddle playing entering contests in
B.C., Sask. and Arizona/California. She has been the B.C. Senior Champion the
last 2 years. She enjoys mentoring those who are just entering the fiddle world.

Alice Wilson from Abbotsford, B.C. will be our piano instructor and has
accompanied the best fiddlers in B.C. at many fiddle contests as well as top
fiddlers at the Grand Masters competiton and has instructed piano at Gavin Lake.

Michael Gifford hails from Rossland, B.C. will be teaching guitar. He is
versatile on many instruments in various styles. He plays tuba, string bass,
bass guitar, washtub bass, mandolin, fiddle and guitar. He has accompanied
winning contest fiddlers in state and national competitions, currently he
teaches music in the public schools.

Students will learn to play by ear. Bring your own tape recorder to keep track
of all the tunes. For piano you must bring your own keyboard.

The cost of the workshop is $175.00 until May 31st after that date the cost will
be $200.00. Registration is through the Selkirk College in Castlegar at
250-365-1208.

In the evenings Monday to Wednesday jam sessions will be held starting at 7 - 9
at Selkirk College. On Thursday night a Concert and Dance will be held at the
Castlegar Community Recreation Center, starting at 7 p.m., which is open to the
public, admission is only $5.00. If more information is needed contact Pearl
Mott at 250-365-7349, Walter Crockett at 250-367-94733, Bob Irwin at
250-367-9820 or e-mail rwirwin@telus.net.

Need rooms? Contact Pat at Kekula House at Selkirk College 250-365-1227. Rates
from $25 to $35 per day.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Nelson Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 30, 2007 Friday
                                 North Edition

FOLK REVIVAL COMES ON STRINGS OF FIDDLE, BOW

BYLINE: LOGAN NEILL, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 641 words

DATELINE: SPRING LAKE



HIGHLIGHT: A scholar uses his head and heart to research and perform old-time
tunes. You can hear him at Sertoma Youth Ranch.


It's unlikely that the fellow who first scratched out the jaunty strains of Old
Joe Clark on his fiddle back in the late 1800s ever thought too much about the
tune. To him, its significance probably went no further than the notion that it
was a mighty fine dance tune.

Alan Jabbour would agree. However, the celebrated musicologist, who happens to
be a pretty fair fiddler in his own right, believes that the music has
rightfully earned much more than its usual arcane knock as the sound track for
"hillbilly" dances. It's a true art form unto itself.

"People sit around and listen to it, to appreciate it," Jabbour told interviewer
Ann Oppenheimer in a 1999 article for The Folk Life Messenger. "They are
profoundly conscious of the beauty they are creating."

Though now retired from his job as director of the American Folklife Center of
the Library of Congress, Jabbour hasn't ceased his scholarly pursuit of old-time
music.

The author of several books and numerous essays on folk music and culture, the
64-year-old Jabbour stays busy on the lecture and concert circuit, entertaining
and enlightening audiences around the country. This weekend will find him
performing at the Sertoma Youth Ranch's Florida Old Time Music Championship.

No stranger to Florida, Jabbour developed his love for the fiddle and bow
through classical music as a child growing up in Jacksonville. He later went on
to perform with the Jacksonville Symphony, the Brevard Music Festival Orchestra
and the Miami Symphony before graduating magna cum laude from the University of
Miami in 1963.

From that point, however, Jabbour's musical path took a major detour. While on a
research trip from his graduate studies at Duke University, he stumbled across
the rich fiddling tradition of rural central Appalachia and fell in love with
it. To his delight, he also discovered that a number of "original source"
musicians - those who had learned traditional music before sound recordings had
been invented - were alive and well in North and South Carolina, Virginia and
West Virginia.

Just as folklorists John and Alan Lomax had scoured Southern prisons and labor
camps during the 1930s and 1940s in search of traditional blues singers, Jabbour
went to rural Appalachia to search for country music's authentic roots. In 1966,
he was introduced to West Virginia fiddler Henry Reed, considered one of the
region's premiere hoedown musicians.

Through Reed, who was in his 80s at the time, Jabbour became something of an
apprentice. He not only learned Reed's intricate fiddling style, but also
carefully documented the notes into a written music format. In addition,
Jabbour's extensive tape recordings of Reed's music later became part of the
Library of Congress' extensive folk music collection.

Along with a handful of friends, Jabbour launched the Hollow Rock String Band,
an old-time music revival group whose 1968 album, Traditional Dance Tunes, is
still considered essential listening to old-time music enthusiasts.

Through his performances and writing, Jabbour has sought to keep alive what he
believes is an irreplaceable link to America's cultural past.

As Jabbour told Oppenheimer: "Our lives are changed when we meet these people.
We are part of the cultural process. Our interaction is helping to create it,
and we are part of that creativity. We have become part of a larger process that
is bigger than any of us as individuals. We have helped it along."

Logan Neill can be reached at lneill@sptimes.com or (352) 848-1435.

IF YOU GO

Old Time Music Championship

The 25th annual Florida Old Time Music Championship will be today and Saturday
at the Sertoma Youth Ranch, south of Spring Lake, off Spring Lake Highway on
Myers Road. Admission is $5 today and $10 on Saturday. Children under 12 are
admitted free. For more information, call Ernie at (352) 588-4734 or Jim at
(813) 991-4774.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES; CITRUS TIMES; HERNANDO TIMES

NOTES: Ran in all editions of Pasco Times.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Special to the Times: Alan Jabbour has written numerous books
and essays. PHOTO, MAURICE RIVENBARK - Times: Craig Seastead and John Ware jam
before the start of last year's event at the Sertoma Youth Ranch. (Ran in
Hernando Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             April 11, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Old Time Music Is Given New Life At Youth Ranch

BYLINE: GEOFF FOX, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 393 words


YEARLY COMPETITION KICKING OFF TODAY

By GEOFF FOX

The Tampa Tribune

DADE CITY - As many as 400 music aficionados are expected at the Sertoma Youth
Ranch today and Saturday for the 27th annual Florida Old Time Music
Championship.

Jim Strickland, who coordinates the event with Ernie Williams, said contestants
and music fans come from across the state and as far away as Pennsylvania and
California. Besides banjo, fiddle, flat-pick guitar, mandolin and old-time
string band competitions, lessons and workshops will be held for aspiring
musicians of all ages.

The youth ranch is seven miles northwest of Dade City, just across the
Pasco-Hernando county line.

"The main purpose is just to encourage the growth of the music," Strickland
said. "That's why we have beginning banjo and fiddle contests. We just think
it's an exciting form of music and not really in the mainstream anymore."

Today's competitions, including harmonica, autoharp and old-time singing, begin
at 7 p.m. Saturday's events start at 10 a.m.; from 7 p.m. to midnight will be
the finals in the old-time banjo, senior fiddle, old-time string band and best
hat contests.

Many attendees camp at the 65-acre ranch for the weekend, Strickland said.

This year's guest of honor is Dan Levenson, an Ohio-based multi-instrumentalist
who will offer musical demonstrations both days.

"He's mainly known as a banjo player and instructor, with books and videos out,
but he's also a fiddler," Strickland said. "He's a longtime player in a group in
Ohio called The Boiled Buzzards, and they've been around 15 or 20 years, I
imagine."

(CHART) IF YOU GO

WHAT: The 27th annual Florida Old Time Music Championship.

WHERE: Sertoma Youth Ranch, off Clay Hill Road, seven miles northwest of Dade
City, north of the Pasco-Hernando county line

WHEN: Today and Saturday.

COST: Admission is $5 for today, $10 for Saturday or $15 for the weekend.
Children younger than 12 get in free. In lieu of entry fees, contestants will
pay regular admission. Camping sites are $10 a campsite without electricity and
$15 for campsites with electricity.

INFORMATION: Call Jim Strickland at (813) 991-4774 or Ernie Williams at (352)
588-4734. Or visit www.fotmc.org.

Reporter Geoff Fox can be reached at (813) 731-1239 or gfox@tampatrib.com

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           November 8, 2007 Thursday

Profile: A band's home-schooled sound

BYLINE: By BOB AUDETTE, Reformer Staff

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 856 words


BRATTLEBORO -- None of the members of Housetop, a "swinging string band" based
in southern Vermont, can tell you how long music has been an integral part of
their families, but they can tell you that as far back as they can remember,
family members have been breaking out in song.

At a nearly sold-out show at the Hooker-Dunham Theater in downtown Brattleboro
Oct. 26, Housetop showed off its quirky brand of music, an amalgamation of
western swing, bluegrass and "roots" music. Their repertoire includes music from
the '30s and '40s, such as that performed by the Ink Spots, The Boswell Sisters,
Fats Waller and Fred Astaire.

Housetop also plays some of its own compositions as well as songs written by Bob
Wills, Dan Hicks and the Roches.

The quartet consists of Naomi Morse on vocals, fiddle and mandolin, Erica Morse
on vocals and upright bass, Anna Patton on vocals and clarinet, and Peter Siegel
on vocals, guitar and mandolin.

Naomi Morse sings professionally in New York City while her sister lives in
Brattleboro. The pair grew up, with sister Joanna, who also plays fiddle and
sings, in Marlboro.

Patton is a third generation singer, musician and arranger of jazz vocal
harmonies.

Siegel, a mainstay of the traditional dance scene in the area, is known for his
unique style combining hip-hop, finger-style blues, fiddle tunes from Ireland,
Quebec, New England, Appalachia, swing, funk and country songs with lots of
yodeling.

Patton calls Housetop a string band with close vocal harmonies.

"It's a little ambiguous, but it leaves room for what we like to do," she said,
but added they play "mostly swing."

Naomi Morse and Patton started their friendship and collaboration as members in
Village Harmony when they were 16 years old.

Village Harmony is a year-round unauditioned chorus of young musicians, ages 12
and up, based in Vermont. During the school year, the ensemble draws singers to
central Vermont for two-day weekend rehearsals and local performances,
culminating in a two-week-long performing tour.

"And we know Peter through the contra dance scene," said Patton.

Siegel, a member of the Greenfield Dance Band, said it's a rare delight when all
four of them can find time in their busy schedules to play together on stage.

"It's always a special treat to play anytime people show up," said Siegel, who
grew up hearing stories about his grandfather.

His grandfather, playing the violin, was the subject of a painting by Norman
Rockwell for the cover of the April 28, 1923, issue of The Saturday Evening
Post.

Siegel, whose family hails from the Hudson Valley, grew up around the music of
folk legend Pete Seeger.

"His music is so all-inclusive," said Siegel, who now lives in Guilford. "His
philosophy became what I lived by."

Patton's grandparents sang together both before and after they were married and
still sing today, she said. Her last visit to her grandparents was a
"three-day-long four-part harmony of old pop songs."

That family bond is just as strong for the Morses.

"Our family was brought together through music and the dance world," said Erica
Morse. "It was always a big part of our childhood."

She described growing up with music as an immersion.

"There wasn't a whole lot of prodding. We were pretty willing."

"We always did sing," said mother Charlene Morse. Every time the family was in
the car it would sing, she said. "Singing was just something we did."

It was important for Naomi and Erica, and sister Joanna, to play music on their
own and not be pushed by their parents, said Charlene Morse, who described the
family philosophy as "never pushing," but supporting and encouraging.

Charlene teaches music at Marlboro and Townshend elementary schools.

"We feel totally blessed to have them in our lives," said their father, Jonathan
Morse, a member of the Brattleboro Community Chorus.

Patton, who grew up in Burlington, moved to Brattleboro seven years ago because
of the music scene.

It's a music scene "you can't pin down," she said.

And the Hooker-Dunham Theater is the perfect place to feature the eclectic brand
of music that flourishes in Brattleboro.

"The key to this place is the variety of the programming," said Barry Stockwell,
the manager of the Hooker-Dunham Theater and Gallery. And it's not just music
and film, he said, with art exhibits and monthly comedy and poetry nights.

"It's a listening room. Not a bar where you are competing with other
activities."

The Housetop concert was part of series sponsored by Stockwell's Twilight Music.

In the past, the theater has hosted performers such as the Mammals, Lori
McKenna, Grace Potter, Lisa McCormick and the California Guitar Trio.

"I played here last month with my dad," said Patton. Will Patton plays the
mandolin.

Songs played at the Oct. 26 concert included Irving Berlin's "Let yourself go,"
"Brother can you spare a dime," Cab Calloway's "Mama, I want to play rhythm,"
and the Ink Spots' "Do I worry."

To learn more about Housetop, go to www.myspace.com and type in the band's name
in the search box. To see whose playing next at the Hooker-Dunham, go to
www.hookerdunham.org .

Bob Audette can be reached at raudette@reformer.com or 802-254-2311, ext. 273.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 15, 1982, Sunday, Final Edition

Fiddlesticks

BYLINE: Richard Harrington

SECTION: Style; Limelight; F3

LENGTH: 268 words


A Stradivarius it's not, but a sign of American ingenuity it is. Charles Baker
of McLean, Va., has come up with an easy-to-assemble fiddle kit -- nine pieces
of sanded white pine needing only glue, a personalized finish and a little elbow
grease. According to his wife, Karon (Fiddle Works' chief salesman and shipper)
the former violin repairman "spent two years trying to get it down to the
minimum number of parts and the simplest possible way to make a fiddle out of a
kit." Since beginning production a year ago, they've sold more than 350 kits (at
$63.45 a piece).

The sound is no match for an expensive handmade fiddle, but it's reported to
have a nice, earthy tone. And in the world of do-it-yourself instruments, it is
the first fiddle kit.

Charles Baker went through a refining process, deciding which violin components
could be left out to make it simpler. Traditional violins have more than 70
pieces and involve complex cutting and fitting that can be done only by
craftsmen. The answer was consolidation: "With us, all of that work is
eliminated. The fingerboard, scrolls, side and back are all one piece; that took
some thinking."

Baker, who has repaired violins for 25 years, still produces each kit
individually in his shop. "It's a cross between individual and mass production,"
says Karon Baker. "Sometimes he runs five tops through at once, or five frames,
but it's not really a factory yet."

The Bakers have expanded their mail-order service to include fiddle-oriented
books, tapes and records. For information, write to The Fiddle Works, P.O. Box
1250, McLean, Va. 22101.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, The original easy-to-assemble fiddle kit from Fiddle Works

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post

                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Johnny Gimble, Who Fiddled His Way From a Flatbed Truck to Fame, Dies at 88

BYLINE: By BRUCE WEBER

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Obituary; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 924 words


Johnny Gimble, a virtuoso Texas fiddler who played with a roster of country
superstars including Bob Wills, Marty Robbins, Merle Haggard, Willie Nelson and
George Strait, died on Saturday in Marble Falls, Tex., northwest of Austin. He
was 88. His wife, Barbara, said the cause was a stroke.

Mr. Gimble's musical life began before he was a teenager, when he started
playing with his brothers in East Texas in a group that came to be called the
Rose City Swingsters. It lasted well into the contemporary era of country music,
when he recorded with Vince Gill and shared a stage with Carrie Underwood at the
Grammy Awards. He was a gifted mandolin picker and was known to strum a banjo,
but it was on fiddle that he became a celebrated sideman.

Early on, his repertoire was a conventional one for country dances -- waltzes
and reels, jug-band music, a touch of mountain rag. But by his teenage years the
swing era had arrived and the jazz-tinged style known as Western swing had
evolved, bringing improvisation and invention to the standard hillbilly band.

Mr. Gimble became known as the style's foremost purveyor on the fiddle, someone
who could whip off a melody worthy of a line dance and follow it with 32 bars of
vividly twangy variations on a theme. It was the swing fiddler Cliff Bruner, Mr.
Gimble recalled, who gave him memorable advice about playing jazz, or what was
then called ''hokum'' by Texas old-timers who didn't like it: Translate what
you're already hearing in your head.

''He said, 'Can you hum it?''' Mr. Gimble said in a television interview in
2011.

''I said, 'It goes around in my head all the time, I hum it all day long.' He
said, 'Practice your instrument until you can play what you hum, play what you
think, and you'll start branching out and playing some licks.'''

Mr. Gimble's career had two distinct halves. In the 1950s, he played with Bob
Wills and His Texas Playboys, the most popular Western swing band of the day,
sometimes adding a fifth string to his fiddle to achieve a lower, rounder and
louder sound. (Wills also played fiddle.) For a time he was part of the house
band at a club Wills had opened in Dallas. He was featured on recordings by
Marty Robbins, Lefty Frizzell and Ray Price, among others, and he was the host
of a musical television show in Waco, Tex., ''Johnny Gimble and the Homefolks''
(for which he hired Willie Nelson to play bass in the band).

But toward the end of the decade, with the rise of rock 'n' roll, the music he
liked began to fade out of vogue, and Mr. Gimble, never thrilled by the life of
a touring country band, mostly withdrew from full-time playing and earned a
living for several years as a barber.

Then, in the late 1960s, he moved to Nashville, where he became one of country
music's most sought-after session players. He recorded with Chet Atkins, Merle
Haggard, Conway Twitty and Dolly Parton, among others, and was a member of the
Million Dollar Band, an all-star ensemble including Atkins, Roy Clark and Floyd
Cramer that was featured on the television show ''Hee Haw.''

After returning to Texas, he played regularly in Mr. Nelson's band. He can be
heard on George Strait's 1983 album ''Right or Wrong,'' which reached No. 1 on
Billboard's country chart. He portrayed Bob Wills in the 1982 film ''Honkytonk
Man,'' directed by and starring Clint Eastwood.

John Paul Gimble was born in or around Tyler, Tex., on May 30, 1926. His father
was a telegraph operator for a railroad. The Rose City Swingsters, the family
band, played on local radio and on the back of a flatbed truck that parked on
streets around East Texas.

He was drafted at 18 and spent two years in Austria, working behind a desk in
the special services division and at night, following Cliff Bruner's advice,
playing along in his room with the big bands on Armed Forces Radio. After his
discharge he played with a number of dance bands and radio bands in Texas; he
was in Corpus Christi with a group called the Rhythmaires when he was asked to
join Wills's Playboys. He married Barbara Kemp, who was related to members of
the Rhythmaires, in 1949. They divorced twice and remarried twice.

''It was a rough life being married to a musician on the road,'' she said in an
interview. ''But a happy one.''

Mr. Gimble's other survivors include a brother, Gene; a sister, Josephine
Parker; two daughters, Cyndy Gimble and Paula Gay Bullock; a son, Dick; four
grandchildren; and three great-grandchildren.

Among Mr. Gimble's many awards are two Grammys for his work with the band Asleep
at the Wheel. He was also named instrumentalist of the year by the Country Music
Association five times in all. In 1994 he received a National Heritage
Fellowship, an award that honors lifelong contributions to traditional American
arts, from the National Endowment for the Arts.

''We got home and my wife said she never had slept with a national relic
before,'' Mr. Gimble recalled on Garrison Keillor's radio show, ''A Prairie Home
Companion,'' where he was an occasional guest.

''One of our favorite people,'' Mr. Keillor said about him, and then proceeded
to sing a song he'd written as a tribute to his guest. It went, in part, like
this:

His name's Johnny Gimble, and now he's a symbol for his fabulous fiddling
skills,

He can play 'Darling Nelly' like Stéphane Grappelli, and tunes that are old as
the hills,

He can play that 'Orange Blossom' so the people would toss 'em dimes, quarters
and some dollar bills,

He played shows and dances from Texas to Kansas with a fiddler by the name of
Bob Wills.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/14/arts/music/johnny-gimble-who-fiddled-his-way-f
rom-a-flatbed-truck-to-fame-dies-at-88.html

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Johnny Gimble, who played fiddle with all the country greats,
cut hair for a while and appeared on television and in films. (PHOTOGRAPH BY
DAVID REDFERN/REDFERNS)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company

                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            February 19, 2006 Sunday
                          F2 Edition; McHenry Edition

Secret is in the wood for Marengo instrument maker

BYLINE: Elizabeth Harmon, Daily Herald Correspondent

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 795 words


His lifelong passion for music has taken Marengo resident Martin Brunkalla in
some unexpected directions.

While baby-sitting at age 12, he spotted a guitar in a neighbor's home and
taught himself to play it. Later, after buying an old 12-string guitar that
wasn't up to snuff, he taught himself to repair it and soon was doing the same
for friends.

These days, Brunkalla makes a living making music, though not in the way one
might think. He makes it by hand, from wood, one instrument at a time.

For the past six years, Brunkalla has worked full-time from a well-equipped,
humidity-controlled workshop, creating violins, guitars and mandolins.

And he's made a name for himself.

"I heard his violin at a bluegrass party and it had a beautiful sound to it.
He's very talented and makes an excellent quality instrument," said Jon Bertram
of Genoa, who has purchased both a violin and mandolin from Brunkalla.

Growing up in a musical household, Brunkalla played in the school band but
preferred an instrument on which he could accompany himself singing. After
learning guitar, he played in several local bluegrass and country rock bands
during the 1970s and '80s and also did recording session work. Repairing
instruments was a steady sideline but something he did mostly for musician
friends. A career in the machine trades paid the bills.

But 10 years ago, Brunkalla decided to learn to play bluegrass fiddle. And that
decision changed his life.

"I bought an old fiddle and started to teach myself to play but it didn't take
long before I realized it was a lousy instrument.

"I thought that the only way I was going to get a really good fiddle was if I
made one, so for three years, I read everything I could get my hands on about
making a fiddle."

His first attempt was to build a fiddle from a kit, but he wasn't satisfied with
the result. So he decided to try again, this time starting from scratch, and
things haven't been the same ever since.

He specializes in building a five-string violin that is especially popular with
bluegrass musicians. Many of his clients are bluegrass performers, including
Sara Watkins of Nickel Creek.

A Boston bluegrass band plays only Brunkalla's instruments and has incorporated
his logo, an art deco lily, into its name, Tripping Lily. He also built a violin
for a member of the New England Philharmonic Orchestra and a bouzouki, a cousin
of the mandolin, for a Nashville session player.

But not all of his customers are well-paid professionals. Many are simply
working musicians and even amateurs like Bertram, a retiree who performs mostly
in his living room.

"I'm just a beginner, but I wanted a good quality instrument because I felt that
would encourage me," Bertram said.

"With both instruments, when you play a note, it rings. They're also just
gorgeous instruments."

One of the key components in an instrument is the wood that it's made from.
Brunkalla works primarily with walnut, spruce and maple and uses exotic woods,
such as purpleheart, a South American variety with a rich violet hue, for
decorative touches. Different wood creates different types of sound.

"Soft maple gives a more mellow sound while hard maple gives a brighter sound,
which soloists tend to like," Brunkalla said. "Walnut makes a nice, loud
bluegrass fiddle."

The age of the wood also plays a part.

"He told me that when the growth rings are close together, the wood produces a
fine quality sound," Bertram said. "I thought that was interesting."

Equally interesting to Bertram was learning the histories of the wood slabs used
to build his instruments. His violin was made from a Barrington walnut tree that
was felled by a storm in the early 1970s. His mandolin is made from
1,200-year-old spruce wood from Washington state. The oldest wood in Brunkalla's
collection is a slab of New Zealand kauri wood, which has been carbon-dated to
at least 30,000 years old.

"They dug the logs out of a peat bog. The trees had been taken down by some
cataclysmic event and buried under mounds of vegetation," he said.

He has yet to build an instrument from the kauri, but expects he will try a
violin first.

From start to finish, it takes Brunkalla about three weeks to build a violin,
four weeks to build a guitar and five weeks to build a mandolin.

"They take the longest because of all the carving and froufrou," Brunkalla said.

The instruments are finished with a coating of tung oil, which helps the wood to
breathe.

There is currently a nine-month wait for a Brunkalla instrument, which starts at
around $4,200 for a violin. He gets much of his business through his Web site,
www.brunkalla.com, vendors tables at bluegrass festivals, and word of mouth.

"He's just beginning to be discovered," Bertram said. "In the long term, these
are good investments as well as beautiful instruments."

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: mcviolin_1na020606pk Martin Brunkalia fashions the back of a mandolin
from maple in his basement at home in Marengo. Patrick Kunzer/Daily Herald
mcviolin_4na020606pk The Brunkalia name appears on his hand-made violins,
violas, guitars, mandolins and bouzoukis. Patrick Kunzer/Daily Herald

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                             May 11, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Married to a farmer and loving it; But tonight, she's backed by lush sounds of
the VSO and loves that, too

BYLINE: John P. McLaughlin, Special To The Province

SECTION: E-TODAY; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 612  words


IN CONCERT

NATALIE MACMASTER AND THE VSO

Where: Orpheum Theatre, 884 Granville St.

When: Wednesday at 8 p.m.

Tickets: $33.75-$65 at the VSO box office. Call 604-876-3434.

See her perform once and when you hear the music again you'll always picture
Natalie Mac-Master bouncing on the balls of her feet, blond tresses flying as
she wildly fiddles the jigs and reels she learned as a girl back home in Cape
Breton. She is, by any measure, a virtuoso, noted and lauded worldwide for
promoting a music style from a tiny corner of North America that may well have
been washed out with the tide but for her.

That said, her life has changed dramatically since she married fellow fiddler
Donnell Leahy of Lakefield, Ont.'s musical Leahy Family in 2002. MacMaster, just
shy of 40, is now the mother of four kids under the age of five and lives in a
large, newly built farmhouse in sleepy Douro, Ont. where the postmaster's
position at the local convenience store has been held by the same family since
the late 1800s.

Her youngest is a baby, born last January, and she's homeschooling the rest. She
just oversaw the design and construction of the new house -that's enough picking
out of materials, surfaces and colours to drive you nuts -recorded a new album,
maintains a regular concert schedule and has just self-published a memoir. What
drug, I asked, is she on.

"Love", she replied. "The love drug".

The book is titled Natalie MacMaster: A Cape Breton Aire: The Story of a Musical
Life and Place and is only available on her web page, at her concerts or at a
few little shops around Douro or on Cape Breton. In it she writes about her
extended fiddling family and grand-uncle Charlie MacMaster who sent over a
three-quarter sized fiddle he'd bought in Boston and instructed it go to whoever
wanted it. Little Natalie did. She was nine.

"And I always get a kick out of the fact that my mother and father never thought
to get me a small fiddle before that," says MacMaster. "We had fiddles in our
house and people would stop in and play them. Dad always kinda scratched a tune.
But my brothers weren't serious players, my dad was never serious at all. But we
had fiddle music on the record player and the tape recorder all the time."

No doubt much of it from Natalie's famed uncle Buddy MacMaster. And the tapes
came from cassette recordings of house parties where friends and family would
gather, knock back some beer or a little Captain Morgan ("not much wine, we
weren't that refined") and play the night away. Those cassettes were copied and
passed hand to hand and are the chief source of her initial repertoire and
technique. She has them still and they are treasured.

All the years of tours and record releases later here she is, maintaining a
schedule of about 100 concerts a year, but otherwise amazed she wound up married
to a farmer. They tend beef cattle but MacMaster concedes she doesn't do much of
the heavy lifting, content to " . . . sit in my nice house, have a glass of beer
and watch my husband on his tractor."

Tonight MacMaster will be appearing with the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra, the
sort of show she only mounts about a half dozen times a year. But she does love
doing them.

"What I really like about it is it's such a change from what I normally do,"
says MacMaster. "I really enjoy change, it keeps music fresh. The symphonies
create a really lush, big, beautiful sound. It's lovely. There are tunes we do
from our show with my band that we do with the symphonies and when I get away
from the symphony and play them with my band I can hear all the different string
parts and horn sections and things ringing in my ears. The arrangements are
really great."

jpmac@gmx.net

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Submitted; Natalie MacMaster says her life has changed dramatically,
but she loves the music and the farm.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2011 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Banjo and fiddle duo Noam Pikelny, Stuart Duncan will rock bluegrass at the
Colonial

BYLINE: By Scott Stafford, Berkshire Eagle Staff,

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 611 words


PITTSFIELD -- A bluegrass band is coming to The Colonial soon, but it's not the
type of band you might see at Mass MoCA's Fresh Grass.

Although banjo specialist Noam Pikelny played at Fresh Grass last year, he was
playing with a different group of bluegrass musicians. And there were more of
them.

This time in the Berkshires, Pikelny is playing with fiddle player Stuart Duncan
and ... nobody else.

No guitarists, harmonica, stand-up base or accordion players. Just the fiddle
and the banjo.

Following their spring/summer tour, Pikelny and Duncan decided to hit the road
again this month for a nine-city tour. The duo will perform a full set of
originals and classics at The Colonial tonight.

The tough part, as many will recognize, comes from having two instruments that
are typically supported by other instruments. So, these artists had to find new
ways to approach their instruments with new roles and new instrumentations.

Pikelny, speaking by phone from Raleigh, N.C., just before his performance at
the 25th International Bluegrass Music Awards at the Duke Energy Center for the
Performing Arts, said that challenge is what makes the shows fun to play. (Later
that evening, Pikelny was awarded Banjo Player of the Year and Album of the Year
for "Noam Pikelny Plays Kenny Baker Plays Bill Monroe.")

"We take turns with the lead and instrumental," he said. "Some of the pieces we
play are not typically meant for fiddle and banjo, but with no other
instruments, the details of each instrument is on full display, and it's
something we really enjoy."

And just having the two instruments sparks a different type of performance.

"Just having the two of us up there is conducive to musical spontaneity,"
Pikelny said. "In a band, you have to pick and choose who plays what. So, there
is less opportunity for interpretation. In a large ensemble, you're more limited
-- you can't just turn on a dime."

Not just anyone would take up such a challenge, but Pikelny and Duncan are
considered to be living on the leading edge of their art.

Duncan has thousands of recording sessions under his belt. He is a four-time
Grammy Award winner, a six-time Academy of Country Music award winner for "
Fiddle Player of the Year" and a winner of the International Bluegrass Music
Association's "Fiddle Player of the Year" award for seven consecutive years. He
has performed with Keith Urban, Reba McEntire, Dolly Parton, Del McCoury, Ricky
Skaggs, Béla Fleck, the Jonas Brothers, Jewel and Brad Paisley.

And Pikelny is the winner of the first annual Steve Martin Prize for Excellence
in Banjo and Bluegrass. He is a founding member of the Punch Brothers, a string
ensemble known for their bluegrass adventurism. In 2012, his second solo
release, "Beat The Devil and Carry A Rail," received a Grammy nomination for
"Best Bluegrass Album." Alongside Punch Brothers, he's collaborated with Wilco,
Fiona Apple, Norah Jones and Jon Brion for the soundtrack to "This is 40," a
song on "The Hunger Games" soundtrack.

He also worked with Marcus Mumford for the Coen Brothers film, "Inside Llewyn
Davis" andhas shared the stage with The Decemberists, Béla Fleck, Dave Douglas,
Steve Martin, the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra and members of the Lincoln
Center Chamber Orchestra.

Many pickers around the country consider him to be a hero among banjo players.

Pikelny said he enjoys the shows he plays in the Berkshires.

"I'm looking forward to being there -- it's a great part of the country to play
in," he said.

If you go ...

What: Noam Pikelny and Stuart Duncan

When: 8 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 16

Where: Colonial Theatre, 111 South St., Pittsfield

Admission: $15-$35

Information: (413) 997-4444, berkshiretheatregroup.org

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Banjo-player Noam Pikelny of Punch Brothers, above, will join fiddler
Stuart Duncan for a bluegrass concert Thursday night.
Banjo-player Noam Pikelny of Punch Brothers will join fiddler Stuart Duncan,
above, for a bluegrass concert Thursday night.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             April 11, 2008 Friday

Eclectic blend of roots music set to strike a chord in Topeka

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 694 words


By Bill Blankenship

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

Music with roots in the swamps of Louisiana, the hollows of Kentucky and the
cities of Brazil can be heard this weekend in Topeka.

Bluegrass

Three of northeast Kansas' best purveyors of old-time Americana music will share
a stage at the Bluegrass Special from 7 to 10 p.m. Saturday at the Sixth Avenue
Ballroom, 117 S.W. 6th.

The lineup includes the Faris Family, which this year won for a fourth time in a
row Entertaining Group of the Year honors at the Society for the Preservation of
Bluegrass Music of America's Midwest Bluegrass Music Awards.

Picking up his fifth consecutive Bass Fiddle Performer of the Year award was
JimBob Faris, whose brother, Ricky Faris, won his second Guitar Performer of the
Year trophy.

The band also is a three-time winner of the association's Traditional Bluegrass
Band of the Year title and a past recipient of the Vocal Group of the Year
award.

The band's lineup includes parents Bob and Michelle Faris and two of their sons,
Edward Faris and John Faris.

Also performing at the Bluegrass Special will be Pastense, the bluegrass quintet
of Don Anderson, bass; Dave Dryer, mandolin, guitar and vocals; Diane
Gillenwater, fiddle; Jolleen Thorpe, guitar and vocals; and Susan Willits,
banjo, mandolin and vocals.

The show's third act is Dora & The Noxie Ridge Band, which is fronted by lead
vocalist Dara Conley, who also plays bass and guitar. The others in the band are
Jerod Conley, guitar; Rodney Durst, banjo and vocals; Ryan Durst, guitar and
vocals; John Keim, fiddle; and Joe McElroy, mandolin and vocals.

A donation of $10 is requested at the show, which will be in a room that is free
of smoke and alcohol.

To preview the groups' music, go to myspace.com/farisbluegrass for the Faris
Family, pastense.org for Pastense and nrband.com for Dora & The Noxie Ridge
Band.

Zydeco

The motto tonight at Uncle Bo's, the nightspot on the lower level of the Ramada
Hotel and Convention Center, 420 S.E. 6th, will be "Laissez le bon temps
rouler," which means, as every Mardi Gras reveler knows, "Let the good time
roll."

Providing the music to roll by will be zydeco king, Roy "Chubby" Carrier, who
brings his Bayou Swamp Band for a party at 8:30 p.m. today.

Born into a family that helped create the traditional two-steps and
blues-inspired rhythms of zydeco, Carrier has taken the makes-you-wanna-dance
genre around the globe with what one critic called "unbridled enthusiasm and the
ability to make a party happen whether he's playing for five people or 500."

You can sample Carrier's sound at his Web site, chubbycarrier.com, where you
will find a video from Carrier's "Live at Knuckleheads, Kansas City" CD and DVD.

Tickets for tonight's show are $15 in advance or $18 at the door, and the hotel
is offering a concert package for $99, which includes two tickets, a room for
tonight and breakfast Saturday.

Brazilian jazz

The Sons of Brasil are Kansas City, Mo.-based musicians who 17 years ago fell
under the spell of the musical traditions of Brazil, which Sergio Mendes and
Brasil '66 popularized in this country.

"A Midwestern band playing Brazilian music is very unique," says band leader,
trumpeter and flugelhorn player Stan Kessler, "but what is more unique is the
authenticity these musicians bring to this music."

"Ask any Brazilian living in the area," Kessler added, "they all feel the Sons
of Brasil is their band."

Sons of Brasil, which includes Danny Embrey, guitar; Greg Whitfield, bass; Doug
Auwarter; drums, who annually travels to Rio de Janeiro to play with musicians
there; Gary Helm, percussion; and Roger Wilder, keyboards, will close out the
2007-08 Topeka Jazz Workshop Inc. Concert Series.

TJW Inc. executive director Marcene Grimes said because the Ramada Hotel and
Convention Center, 420 S.E. 6th, has moved the 3 to 5 p.m. Sunday concert to the
Grand Ballroom from the larger Regency Ballroom, only current season
ticket-holders and their guests can be accommodated. No tickets will be sold at
the door.

A couple of tracks from a Sons of Brasil album can be found at Kessler's Web
site at stantonkessler.com.

Bill Blankenship can be reached

at (785) 295-1284

or bill.blankenship@cjonline.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 22, 1998 Friday

BYLINE: Vicki Voskuil

LENGTH: 731 words


John Owen Lardinois was just out of sixth grade when he took a liking to the
oldtime-bluegrass music coming out of Tom Schaefer's violin. The former Bismarck
doctor practiced with John's guitar-playing dad at the Lardinois home, and soon
the music echoed from John's violin. He was 12 then and had been studying
classical violin with a Suzuki-method teacher since age 4. By listening and
mimicking her, he learned to play and used the same techniques to create the
saucy fiddle tunes. Now a fiddle champion in several Midwest states and Canada,
John is an acclaimed musician in both classical and fiddle genres.

He performs in a free concert with his family on Sunday, along with his master
fiddle teacher, Dick Barrett of Rapelje, Mont., and his wife, Lisa. "We wanted
this to be a gift to those who supported us all these years," said Susan
Lardinois, John's mother and the group's band business manager. "We wanted this
to be a celebration." The performance is in honor of John's high school
graduation and Dick Barrett's 80th birthday on Aug. 4 and presents a rare
opportunity to hear master and student perform together. It's also a kick-off of
the national release of the Lardinois family's new album, "Cowboy Legacy," on
the Chairmaker's Rush label, a division of Makoche Recording Co. in Bismarck.
Adding their talents are John's sister Jeanette on mandolin and brother Will on
string bass, plus Nashville sideman Randy Howard also on mandolin. Sunday's
concert format is based on music from "Cowboy Legacy" and a group jam session
with the Barretts. The album jacket recounts the origins of oldtime music from
Texas to North Dakota, researched and written by John's father, John E. (Jay),
who helped produce the record. Its 16 songs are the result of John's three-week
residency with Dick and Lisa in 1996 courtesy of a Traditional Arts
Master-Apprentice grant from the North Dakota Council on the Arts. Performing as
Fiddlin' Johnny since 1992, John and his dad added Jeanette, a violoist, just
six months after she taught herself mandolin at age 10, and then Will in 1995
after he learned the fundamentals of string bass from his dad at age 11. "Dad is
very instrumental," Susan says. They all play by ear and commit to 25
performances a year. Summer is hectic, but after six years together, they've
learned enough music so someone just calls out a tune, John says. Will likes
snappy ones like "Lime Rock" but sometimes needs a cheat sheet. He's a Led
Zeppelin and Grateful Dead fan on his off-time. Jeanette likes The Doors, Jimi
Hendrix, the Beatles and classical music, while John listens to everything but
country and rap. They're all classically trained and have used performance fees
to pay for their musical education, which includes instruments, private lessons
and music-related expenses. "It beats flipping burgers," says John, a first
violinist with the Bismarck-Mandan Symphony Orchestra. He leaves Bismarck this
fall to pursue a college degree in violin performance. "But after awhile it gets
so routine, I can't distinguish between the gigs," says Jeanette, who plans a
science career. They spend a lot of time on the road, once driving 1,000 miles
one way to play four minutes at a prestigious fiddle contest. John kept moving
up the list, but wasn't a serious contender at the National Oldtime Fiddle
Contest in Weiser, Idaho, until his third year, when Dick Barrett offered to
take him on as a fiddle student. After a week with Barrett, John came home and
won the Minnesota state oldtime fiddlers championship the next week. Nothing
beats a master's touch. As John E. says, "You can't learn everything from
records." Publication Name: Bismarck Tribune Story Body: Details What: Fiddlin'
Johnny & The Lardinois Family, oldtime music concert with guests Dick and Lisa
Barrett When: 7:30 p.m. Sunday Where: Belle Mehus City Auditorium, Bismarck
Admission: Free, courtesy of Fiddlin' Johnny and Friends

CUTLINE The Lardinois family will perform a free concert Sunday. Starting at top
and clockwise: John O. Lardinois, 18, violin; William Lardinois, 14, cello and
string bass; Jeanette Lardinois 16, viola and mandolin; John E. Lardinois.
guitars, string bass, music arranging, research, record production. Not shown:
Susan Lardinois, business manager. The performance is in honor of John's high
school graduation and his former teacher, Dick Barrett's, 80th birthday.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      July 10, 2004 Saturday Final Edition

Bygone era recalled as Don Messer's trusty fiddle goes up for auction

SOURCE: Canadian Press

BYLINE: Susan Aitken

SECTION: Arts & Life; Pg. D16

LENGTH: 351 words

DATELINE: HALIFAX

HALIFAX -- One of Canada's most recognizable television stars is up for sale.

A fiddle that once rested under the chin of music legend Don Messer will be on
the auction block at the 55th Maritime Fiddle Festival on Sunday.

"There's a lot of history and character that lives with this fiddle," auctioneer
Blain Henshaw said Friday.

Long before Gary Beals and Ryan Malcolm took the stage in prime time, four
million Canadians weekly crowned Don Messer their Canadian Idol.

For two generations every Saturday night, the toe-tapping tunes of Don Messer's
Jubilee entered living rooms across the country, first over radio in 1939, and
then via the new medium of television between 1956 and 1969.

But Messer, himself, was not the star. He was a man of few words who instead let
his fiddle speak for him, telling the musical stories of the Maritimes through
his Down East fiddling style.

Henshaw declined to put an estimate on what the fiddle could fetch, but said
there is interest in the Stradivarius copy that Messer got from another Canadian
fiddling great, Graham Townsend.

The fiddle was kept in the Messer family until 1997 when the star's daughter,
Dawn Messer Attis, consigned it to the Halifax Folklore Centre.

Judy Berry, a California violin teacher, owns the instrument but said she'd like
to see it go back to the Maritimes.

"I have always felt that, if I ever gave up this fiddle, it should come back to
Canada," said Berry, "I am delighted that this fine instrument is, in a sense,
being repatriated."

Don Messer's Jubilee became one of the most popular television programs in
Canada, with 1961 ratings higher than the Ed Sullivan Show.

The wholesome, simple program even gave the No. 1-rated Hockey Night in Canada a
run for its money.

But by the late '60s the times were changing, and Messer's look was not. Amid
public outrage, the CBC cancelled the weekly variety show. Thousands of fans
petitioned the public broadcaster, but with no success. The show returned
briefly on Hamilton's CHCH before being dropped for good in 1970.

Messer died three years later, in March 1973.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: George Hunter, Canadian Press;National Archives of Canada; Don
Messer (left) plays his fiddle accompanied by Marg Osburne (centre) and Charlie
Chamberlain (right) around the microphone in this August 1948 file photo.

TYPE: General

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 30, 2010, Sunday

MUSIC IN THE MOUNTAINS;
Voila! Vandalia;
Annual traditional-music festival is this weekend

BYLINE: Veronica Nett, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 787 words


Don Quinn can't remember a year that he missed a Vandalia Gathering since the
festival started 34 years ago.

Quinn, of Roane County, has been attending the annual festival at the West
Virginia Capitol Complex since it started in 1976, and once drove in from
Georgia, "just to pick."

"There's nowhere we would rather be," Quinn said Saturday. "I can pick day and
night."

The festival started Friday and continues through today.

It's a one-of-a-kind venue for hardcore to traditional bluegrass, mountain
music, Celtic and old-time music with fiddles and banjos, he said.

Since 1976, he's played his mandolin, banjo and guitar with a variety of people
under the same maple tree near the Capitol. The tree was gone this year, and
Quinn settled into a new shaded spot a few hundred yards away.

"They dug it up," he said, "but I'm still here."

Many of the men and women he's played with every summer have stopped coming
because they have died or "are using a walker," he said.

"People have slowed down and died off," he said.

But the new generation of young people is taking over and keeping the tradition
alive, he said.

Among those young people was 16-year-old Annie Fowler, who entered the adult
fiddle contest Saturday, and also spent the afternoon playing with a number of
groups under trees and in the shade of the Capitol building.

Fowler, of Scott Depot, entered her first Vandalia competition when she was 9.
She can't remember when she didn't attend the festival with her family.

"Vandalia is the closest to home, and closest to my heart," she said. "It's just
a big family thing. It's a lot of fun; you meet new people, learn new things and
you jam."

Fowler said she understands that she is part of the new generation of West
Virginians picking up and carrying on the musical traditions of the region.

It's festivals like Vandalia that keep the music alive and growing, she said.

"I like to play with the old guys," she said. "They teach you new things, and
tell you what you're doing wrong."

Andrew Kidd, 17, also is part of the new generation carrying on the tradition of
Vandalia. Kidd, of Hurricane, won first place Saturday in the bluegrass banjo
competition.

He entered his first Vandalia banjo contest at 13 and has been back every year.

"Vandalia is the state competition; there's nothing else like it," Kidd said.
"This is a big accomplishment for me."

The festival is the only event in the state that is solely West Virginia, and
honors the traditional Appalachian music, he said.

"With the youth today, you would think it wouldn't be popular, but we love it,"
he said. "I don't think it'll ever die."

Saturday's events included a liars contest; flat footing and square dancing;
fiddle contests; and a bluegrass, banjo and mandolin contest.

Other features were a pound cake, homemade biscuits and jams/preserves
competition; Appalachian heritage dancing; and performances from the West
Virginia Storytellers Guild.

Jack Abeel of Virginia and Jesse Smith of Ohio are old friends who use music
festivals as a way to meet and play together.

"It's a lot of traveling to get together to play," Abeel said. "Last year, we
went to St. Louis to pick."

It's worth it, Smith said. Festivals like Vandalia are all about "fellowship,
friendship and the music."

The pair only recently discovered Vandalia. They were impressed with the number
of big-name banjo, guitar and fiddle players who attended the weekend festival.

One such big name was Robin Kessinger, who is also hosting the Robin Kessinger
Festival and West Virginia State Guitar Championship on Friday and Saturday in
Gandeeville.

"[Vandalia] is like a giant family reunion - the largest, freest and
folks-iest," Kessinger said.

For more information about Vandalia, and a list of events Sunday, visit
www.wvculture.org/vandalia.

Chris Dorst

Lester McCumbers, 88, of Calhoun County, plays the fiddle with his son, Tim, on
the guitar, during the senior fiddle contest Saturday at the

Vandalia Gathering.

Mark Sowards (left) on banjo, plays and sings with Larry Milton on mandolin,
Cecil Sargent on guitar, Keith Sargent on bass, Homer Hunter on guitar, and Bill
Lemon on guitar Saturday at the annual Vandalia Gathering.

Andrew Taylor, 8, and his sister Anna, 6, both of Nitro, dance during a fiddle
contest Saturday

Visitors to Vandalia take part in old-time square dancing.

The Vandalia Dancers perform Saturday in the Culture Center.

Rachel Sparkman of Scott Depot balances a bottle of water and plates of hot dogs
and watermelon under a shady tree on the Capitol Complex.

Claire Walker, 8, of Charleston, holds up a sign supporting her sister,
competing in the youth fiddle contest, while her parents Pat and Diana Taylor
cheer her on.

Reach Veronica Nett at veronican@wvgazette.com or 304-348-5113.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers

                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 1, 2010 Thursday

Nalley performs on the Opry stage

BYLINE: Gina Kinslow, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 602 words


Apr. 1--BOWLING GREEN -- Mary Rachel Nalley received a special surprise for her
14th birthday in March. She got to perform on stage at the Grand Ole Opry with
Mike Snyder and his band, and for an aspiring fiddle player that's a pretty big
deal.

"It was exciting," she said. "It was a good birthday present."

Nalley managed to get back stage at the Opry through connections she has with
her fiddle instructor, Steve Day, who performs with the national touring
bluegrass band Continental Divide.

She has been studying fiddle with Day for more than three years.

"She's doing a fine job," he said, adding she has progressed quite well in that
length of time.

"She's learned how to read some music, how to read tab music and she's also
learning to play by ear, which she loves," he said. "She really enjoys bluegrass
music and that would be favorite type of music. She just loves the music, I know
that. She travels a lot every weekend to contests or just to go listen to
somebody else play. Music is in her blood."

Nalley has played with Dailey and Vincent, Sam Bush, David Parmley and the
Continental Divide, Daryl Singletary on WSM radio at the Midnight Jamboree at
Ernest Tubb Record Shop to name a few. She has performed at Larry's Grand Ole
Garage in Madison, Tenn., Grandest Ole Opry in Scottsville, Jerusalem Ridge,
which is Bill Monroe's homeplace, and the Gipson Showcase at Opry Mills in
Nashville among others. She also performed at the 50th anniversary of the
Corvette at the Corvette National Museum in Bowling Green.

"I got to play in Bowling Green at the Capital with Mandy Barnette. She's the
Patsy Cline impersonator. She got me on stage to fill in with one of her songs.
She plays at the Ryman a lot," Nalley said.

The teenager aspires to land a permanent gig with a band and perform nationwide.

Nalley got her start by taking violin lessons through the Strings program at
T.C. Cherry Elementary in Bowling Green.

"I've quit strings and I've been taking lessons from Steve Day for about four
years," she said.

Nalley said Day has been a major influence in her music career.

"I go and watch him a lot," she said, adding other influences are Dailey and
Vincent and Allison Kraus and Rhonda Vincent.

She has entered several fiddle contests. When she was 11 she entered a fiddle
contest in Burkesville and won second -- place.

"I went back the next year and I won first-place in the same category," she
said.

She has continued to take top honors in fiddle contests.

She balances her music career around playing basketball and the day-to-day life
of being an eighth- grader.

She doesn't let her music or her love for sports interfere with her studies.

"I'm an honor roll student," she said. "I'm on the A -- B honor roll. Whenever I
have homework, I do it. Of course, homework comes before fiddle. I make time for
everything."

She is also active her church, Three Springs Baptist Church, and has performed
there as well.

Nalley credits her parents, Jimmy and Phyllis Nalley, for her success and said
they have been her biggest supporters.

She performs each weekend at the KOA campground in Warren County every Thursday
at 7 p.m. and this weekend she will take the stage at the Station Inn in
Nashville.

To see more of the Glasgow Daily Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.glasgowdailytimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100401-GK-Nalley-performs-on-the-Opry-stage-0401

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2010 Glasgow Daily Times

                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Portola Reporter (California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 28, 2012

Big win for local fiddlers

BYLINE: The Portola Reporter staff

LENGTH: 205  words


Three local fiddlers won top honors at the California State Fiddling
Championships in Oroville the weekend of March 17.

Tallon Sandoval, of Janesville, and Johny McDonald, of Qaincy, placed first in
the Twin Fiddling division. They also placed second together in the Anything
Goes division with fiddle, cello and guitar. McDonald placed first in the Adult
division for the seventh time in the past 12 years. Holly Sternberg, of
Cromberg, placed second in the Young Adult division, accompanied by Chris
Retallack on guitar. Sandoval, 16, also placed fourth in the Junior division.
Dave Johns, of Meadow Valley, accompanied Sandoval and McDonald in all four
divisions. The local five-piece "fiddle band" also entertained mid-afternoon to
a very receptive audience.

This is a very opportune time for the Twin division win because Sandoval,
McDonald and Johns are all traveling to Eugene, Ore., next month to record a
twin fiddle CD together. The twin CD will be released at the National Old Time
Fiddling Championships in Weiser, Idaho, in June. The musicians will also be
featured at a CD release performance at the Graeagle Mill Pond Wednesday, July
11, as well as a CD release party somewhere in Quincy to be announced at a later
date.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: POR

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2012 Portola Reporter

                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            January 11, 2016 Monday

Three trad heavyweights look outside the repertoire;
Kevin Burke, Liam Ó Maonlaí and Tim Edey are embarking on an Irish tour

BYLINE: Siobhan Long

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 856 words


The first time Kevin Burke and Liam Ó Maonlaí encountered one another was two
years ago on the University of Washington campus in Seattle, where Ó Maonlaí was
reviewing the Joe Heaney collection and Burke was delivering a lecture.

They will renew their acquaintance this month, when they join forces with
English guitarist and accordionist Tim Edey for a 12-date Music Network tour of
the country.

"Kevin has a certain way of playing, a way of bending the note, a certain
musicality in the way he approaches a tune that I just love," Ó Maonlaí says.
There's a certain magic about it and it's not about acrobatics: it's more about
the tune, the style and his feeling for the tune."

Burke was born and raised in London but was fed a steady diet of Sligo music by
his parents, while earning his classical fiddle stripes in class. A founding
member of The Bothy Band, he drew many a fan to that outfit through his liquid,
freewheeling fiddle style. He is working on an album with Californian guitarist
John Brennan, which will include a Jimi Hendrix instrumental, a Lonnie Johnson
1930s track, an Allman Brothers piece and some Bach minuets.

It's a recording that will fit in to what Burke impishly refers to as the
"electric guitar-fiddle duet category".

Later this year, he'll be recording a new album with his long-time compadres the
Celtic Fiddle Festival, touring the US with Dervish, and lecturing at the Texas
Technical University in Buddy Holly's home town of Lubbock. Before that,
however, he is happy to wend his way across the country in the company of two
musicians he admires.

"Our common denominator is traditional Irish music," Burke says. "We all look
outside the general repertoire that you'd expect from traditional musicians, so
when we got together [for rehearsals], a few things came up naturally from our
back catalogues. And one thing that's very clear is that Tim is an incredible
accompanist."

Playful exterior

On Burke's website, he has a quote from conductor Thomas Beecham that he finds
amusing: "The function of music is to release us from the tyranny of conscious
thought."

Beneath the playful exterior, Burke is a reflective musician who sees the source
of the music as the beginning, middle and end of what he does. He refers readily
to the late Catalan cellist Pablo Casals and French jazz violinist Stéphane
Grappelli as musicians who got the essence of what a life of music is about.

"I read how Pablo Casals, at 90 years of age, was asked why he continued to
practise. His reply was, 'Because I think I'm making progress'. I think that's
great. And then there's Grappelli. When he was in his 80s, a few years before he
died, he was asked what he was working at. I think the interviewer thought he
might have been working on a new album. His response was that he was working on
his tone. A musician of that calibre, at that point in his life: a household
name. I think it would shock a lot of young musicians to think that he was
working on something so basic as his tone. And yet, that's the whole thing right
there: that's where it starts. If you do the simple things well, you're in good
shape, but there's always that nagging feeling that 'I could do it better, I
bet'."

Liam Ó Maonlaí is no stranger to the road but still relishes the prospect of
touring.

"Every town has its own story, its own character, its own genius, and that is
revealed, whether in a storyteller or a fiddle player. I feel that when I travel
around the country and play. And more often than not, there's a tune to be had
afterwards, which can really seal the deal."

Burke too manages to strike a healthy balance between clocking up the road miles
and playing the tunes. "The travelling seems to get harder and harder, but the
music makes it worthwhile. Touring's definitely not an easy way of life, and
living out of a suitcase isn't a lot of fun, but I think most touring musicians
will tell you that we do have a lot of fun, because it's all based around
playing music."

Ó Maonlaí knits this collaboration into the many other projects he has been
working on from the Hothouse Flowers to Rian to his recent work with Ré. "I
think I have a deep notion of who I am, but it's not linear," he says,
reflecting on this multiplicity of influences.

"I remember Séamus Begley saying 'We sang any song'. It's not like we were
confined to one particular type of song, but it's the bones of a person, and how
he has a sense of his own ancestry, his own country, is probably what gives
something its identity. I feel that.

"Painting has always been a part of my creative output too. It hasn't been my
central career path, but I very much appreciate the visual and the abstract.
There are rooms inside of me that need to be filled, or need to be emptied,
whichever way you look at it. I think the truth is that I'm programmed to keep
on keeping on. The rest of it looks after itself."

Liam Ó Maonlaí, Kevin Burke and Tim Edey play the Sugar Club, Dublin, on
Wednesday; Linenhall Arts Centre, Castlebar, on Thursday; Regional Cultural
Centre, Letterkenny, on Friday; Birr Theatre and Arts Centre on Saturday, then
tour nationally. musicnetwork.ie

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              Cross Canada Fiddle

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.crosscanadafiddle.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Cross Canada Fiddle has been creating and publishing books for fiddle
students since 2009. The products are designed to help players develop proper
technique, tuning, and timing while learning popular fiddle tunes that are
played in jam sessions and at dances across the country.  TRISH CLAIR has a
unique ability to cross freely and fluently between classical and folk music
idioms. Whether teaching three-year old beginners, teen "fiddleheads," or
advanced classical students her focus is on developing efficiency and accuracy
in every player. She holds a degree in violin performance from the University of
Western Ontario, where she studied with Gwen Thompson and Robert Skelton. She
has also completed Suzuki teacher training at institutes across Canada and the
US.  GEOFF HORROCKS is well-known across Canada as one of the premier pianists
in the fiddle community, and has performed with the country's most acclaimed
fiddle players. Geoff has also established a reputation as an excellent fiddle,
guitar and piano teacher because of his awareness of each student's individual
learning style. His unique approach to group instruction makes learning a new
instrument fun and accessible. He is a passionate musician, and offers
inspiration to students of all ages and abilities.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          January 14, 2009, Wednesday

Cultural Center to host 'Playing Music By Ear' workshop

SECTION: METRO NORTH; Pg. P4

LENGTH: 314 words


The West Virginia Division of Culture and History will begin this year's series
of Discover Arts and Crafts workshops on Saturday, Jan. 24, from 10 a.m. to 5
p.m., at the Cultural Center, State Capitol Complex, Charleston.

The first workshop is entitled "Playing Music By Ear." There is a $15 fee per
person. Participation is limited to students ages 15 to adult. Reservations are
required.

Cathy Grant of St. Albans will lead the workshop. The session will focus on
string players, but is open to all note-reading musicians who want to develop or
improve their ability to play music by ear. Playing by ear is a skill that you
can develop whether you are a beginner or have been playing music for a
lifetime.

Grant said, "It makes music more fun and spontaneous and helps musicians develop
their own personal style. Whether you want to play church hymns, traditional
music or play behind singers, you can benefit from this interactive workshop."

A full-time fiddle and violin teacher based out of the Fret 'n Fiddle shop in
St. Albans, Grant's background includes playing in symphonies, contra dance
bands, traditional/folk groups and Celtic ceili bands. She teaches a wide range
of fiddle workshops, including old-time, bluegrass, Scottish and Irish, for all
ages and skill levels in schools throughout the southeast.

Grant studied violin and viola at Oberlin College in Oberlin, Ohio and the
Cleveland Institute of Music. She is a registered Suzuki Method teacher and
honed her traditional skills from the best West Virginia and Kentucky fiddlers.

For more information about the Discover Arts and Crafts Workshop series or to
make a reservation, contact Pat Cowdery, festival events coordinator for the
Division, at (304) 558-0220, ext. 130.

The next Discover Arts and Crafts workshop will be held on Saturday, Feb. 14,
with Mack Samples teaching a traditional square dance caller's workshop.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers

                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           September 29, 2008 Monday

Arts in Brief

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 635 words


MUSIC

Norwegian fiddler

BLOOMINGTON - Annbjorg Lien, a leading exponent of the traditional Norwegian
Hardanger fiddle, will bring her quartet Waltz With Me to downtown Bloomington
for a Dawg House Concerts series show at 7 p.m. Tuesday.

The performance is at The Coffee Hound, 407 N. Main St., where limited tickets
are available at $15.

The Hardanger fiddle is known as Norway's most distinctive traditional folk
instrument.

It features four strings under the violin's fingerboard that resonate to the
vibrations of the other four, producing a distinctive bagpipe-like "drone."

In addition to Lien, the quartet features Bruce Molsky on American fiddle, Mats
Eden on viola and Tristan Clarridge on cello.

The show is one of the group's few American tour dates, which includes the
Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C.

Guitar recital

NORMAL - Illinois State University faculty guitarist Angelo Favis will present a
free recital at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday in Kemp Recital Hall on campus.

The performance will also feature soprano May Gorospe-Favis accompanying her
husband on five movements from Manuel de Falla's "Siete canciones populares
espanolas."

Other pieces include Daniel Bacheler's "Mounseirs Almaine, opus 40a" and
Variations on a Turkish Folksong by Carlo Domenioni.

ISO fundraiser

BLOOMINGTON - The Illinois Symphony Guild will host its annual fundraiser, "Tea,
Togs & Tots," at 4 p.m. Thursday at the Bloomington Country Club.

Featured will be a fashion show with clothing from Doncaster, Talbots, J. Jill,
Coldwater Creek and Gap Kids.

As part of the show, grandchildren will model alongside their grandmothers.

For tickets, call Sally Scott at (309) 452-9037.

IWU winds

BLOOMINGTON - The Illinois Wesleyan University Symphonic Winds and Wind Ensemble
will present a free concert at 8 p.m. Thursday in the Bloomington Center for the
Performing Arts, 110 E. Mulberry St..

Under the direction of Roger Garrett, the Symphonic Winds will perform, among
other pieces, the fanfare to "La Peri" by Paul Dukas and "An Original Suite" by
Gordon Jacob.

Offerings from the Wind Ensemble, directed by David Morrison, include Leonard
Bernstein's Overture to "Candide" and Roger Cichy's "Geometric Dances."

ISU Symphony

NORMAL - The Illinois State University Symphony Orchestra will open its season
with music by Brahms and Mahler at 8 p.m. Thursday in ISU's Center for the
Performing Arts Concert Hall.

Tickets are $4 to $6 at the CPA box office.

Under the baton of Glenn Block, the orchestra will perform Brahms' "Academic
Festival Overture" and Mahler's "Symphony No. 1," the latter famous as one of
the largest and most well-known of all the composer's symphonies.

In addition, assistant conductor Phil Rudd will take over the baton on a world
premier performance of ISU composer Martha Horst's "Domba," a piece based on
African drumming styles and rhythms.

Estonian ensemble

BLOOMINGTON - Illinois Wesleyan University's School of Music will sponsor an
Estonian choral ensemble concert at 7:30 p.m. Friday at Second Presbyterian
Church, 313 N. East St., Bloomington.

Admission is free.

The early music ensemble, Heinavanker, will perform a variety of Estonian folk
hymns, as well as works by several English composers, including John Taverner
and Walter Frye.

The group, formed in 1996, takes its name from the famous alter piece of
Hieronymus Bosch.

THEATER

Tri-Valley play

DOWNS - Tri-Valley Middle School will present "Beauty and the Beast" at 7 p.m.
Friday and Saturday in the high school commons in Downs.

Tickets are $5 for adults and $3 for students and younger, and can be purchased
from any cast member or by contacting the school.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Pantagraph

                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                             March 15, 2013 Friday
                              Correction Appended

What's Happening in Oroville

BYLINE: Oroville Mercury-Register

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 2085 words


Osher Lifelong Learning Institute seeks volunteer staff for new programs

Peer leaders, teachers and group facilitators are needed for new programs in
Oroville. The learning in retirement volunteer organization is based at Chico
State. Proposed classes in Oroville include navigating, modern technology, using
your I-Phone, etc., basic computer skills and conversational Spanish. Those 55+
with an interest or background in these topics or others should contact Ann
Nikolai, director of Osher at Chico State, 898-5858; or Lynndee Caput, Oroville,
533-0780.

47th annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and Picking
Championship March 15-16

The event starts 3 p.m. Friday at Oroville Municipal Auditorium with an opening
ceremony, followed by competition in the Fiddle Division: Senior-senior (70 and
older); Senior (60-69). Awards at 5:50 p.m. The Saturday schedule is: 7:30 a.m.
registration; 8 a.m. competition for Fiddle Divisions; Young adults (18-36),
Junior (13-17), Junior-junior (9-12), and Pee Wee (8 and younger). Also Adult
(37-59), Open (any age), Junior twin (17 and older), Open twin (any age).
Picking competition begins with Open (any age) and Junior (17 and younger).
Awards for these divisions at approximately 8 and 9 p.m. Schedules, rules and
registration forms at Houser's Music or Auditorium; or print from
www.orovilleoldtimefiddlers.com. Free admission, but donations appreciated. Food
sold. The Auditorium is at 1200 Myers St. Musicians from across California will
compete; the Old Time fiddle Association organization covers 10 districts, from
Redding to San Diego.

Sign up for free nutrition class on March 15

Sign up for this class which will start at 10:30 a.m. at The Salvation Army,
1640 Washington Ave. Participants will learn about the benefits of eating right,
reading food labels, budgeting meals and simple ways to increase physical
activity. Also sample healthy dishes and take home the recipe, nutrition tips,
charts, cookbooks and other free items. For information and to sign up, call
Adrienne, 538-6765, or Jessica, 624-5986.

Women's History Month Salad Tea Luncheon

The American Association of University Women will host their annual luncheon
starting 1 p.m. on March 16 at the Oroville Presbyterian Church, 2350 Foothill
Blvd. The program includes a look at women in the field of anthropology,
presented by Merrily Stover, and music by Katy Ryan and Matthew Mitchell.
Proceeds support Tech Trek, a week-long math and science camp at Davis for
seventh-grade girls. Tickets are $20 and reservation deadline is March 12. Call
Joline Hibbert, 533-5577, or email hibbjandj@oroville.com

Annual Oroville Knights of Columbus dinner is March 16

Doors will open at 5 p.m. and the corned beef and cabbage dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. at St. Thomas the Apostle Church hall, 1330 Bird St. Also raffle
prizes and no-host bar. Cost is $10 for adults; $7 for seniors 65 and older; $5
for children ages 5-11. Tickets at the St. Thomas School Office, Marcozzi
Jewelers, Modern Cleaners and Briggs Firestone. For information, call Jim
Cupido, 533-5599.

Oroville Hunger Walk to raise money and food for local hunger relief

The Cooperating Christian Churches of Orovillle organized this first walk to
start at Riverbend Park on March 16. Sign-ups begin 8:30 a.m., with coffee and
donuts served, followed by the approximately 2-mile walk at 9 a.m. Rest stations
will be set up at churches and vans will cruise the route to pick up those who
cannot complete the walk or wish to walk a short distance. Donations will be
accepted prior to the walk or the day of the walk. All money and food raised
will go to Feed the People Ministries, Oroville Rescue Mission, Oroville
Salvation Army, The Hope Center and other groups. Member sponsors are First
congregational Church, First United Methodist Church, Oroville Rescue Mission,
Raven Ministries, St. Paul's Episcopal Church, St. Thomas the Apostle Catholic
Church, The Hope Center, Trinity Bible Church and Trinity Presbyterian Church.
To make a donation or get involved, call 534-0354 or 534-9455.

Artist of Rivertown Gallery and Gifts Kids Art Day. March 16

Children may learn about art by creating something to take home. Hours are 10
a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Gallery, 1931 Arlin Rhine. Also, regular free art show.
Regular hours are Tuesday c Saturday, noon-4 p.m.; open first Fridays until 7
p.m. for receptions. Call 534-7690 or visit www.artistsofrivertown.org.

Oroville Library Recognizes Cenntennial of County Library System March 16

Oroville Library celebrates 100 years of service to the community beginning
10:30 a.m. Saturday at the library, 1820 Mitchell Ave. Refreshments will be
served and live music will played as guests browse through photographs of the
library's history. Images dating back to the beginning of last century will be
on display. The event is free and everyone is welcome. Call, 538-2569.

Reservations are required for the annual Sutter Buttes Hike March 17

The hike on St. Patrick's Day is limited to 30 people and cost is $35 for
members and $40 for non-members. The hike is sponsored by the Butte County
Historical Society. Call 534-8146 or visit buttecountyhistoricalsociety.org for
more information or to make reservations.

cBolt's Antique Tool Museum showcases tools from war heroes

The Museum has created a series of displays with donated tools and military
service information about the donors. One features Lt. Col. Jack Bolt (not
related to the museum's founder) who was a Black Sheep Squadron pilot and flying
ace in WW II and the Korean War. The museum also houses tools from 4,000 years
ago thought to be made by Egyptians and Romans in 400 B.C.; a barbed-wire
collection, old gas pumps, blacksmith tools and more than 11,000 other tools.
Some gift items are also sold. The museum is at 1650 Broderick St. and is open
Sundays, 11:45 a.m. to 3:45 p.m.; Monday thorugh Saturday, 10 a.m. to 3:45 p.m.
538-2528 or 538-2415.

Benefit Wine tasting March 21 for the Table Mountain Golf Club's Junior Golf
Program

Oroville Grocery Outlet will present the event, 5:30-7:30 p.m. in the Club's
banquet room, 2700 Oro Dam Blvd. (next to Oroville Airport). Sample six wines
for $5 per person. Bar & Grill open with full menu and special appetizers. The
program will receive a portion of proceeds. Call 533-3922 for Junior Golf
Program information; for wine tasting, call for Chris at 534-3940.

VFW Post 9602 and Auxiliary will host a spaghetti dinner March 22

The dinner will be from 5-8 p.m. at Oroville Veterans Memorial Hall, 2374
Montgomery St. Dinner also includes salad with dressings and garlic bread. Cost
is $8 for ages 10 and older; free to those under 10. Separate dessert table.
Proceeds support the Post and Auxiliary activities and projects. Tickets
available at the door. Information, 532-0561.

Oroville Ducks Unlimited fundraising banquet March 22

Purchase tickets now for the dinner at Feather Falls Casino, 3 Alverda Drive.
Doors will open at 5:30 p.m., followed by dinner at 6 p.m. The door prize this
year is a Polaris Sportsman ATV 550 with gun rack. The Gun Table Package is
$1,500, which includes eight prime rib dinners, eight Ducks Unlimited
memberships, eight entries into the door prize drawing, eight Ducks Unlimited
hats and glassware for eight. One member will win a gun with choice of either a
Browning BPS DU Edition 12-gauge shotgun, or a Savage Axis Scoped Rifle in .243,
.30-06 or .308 caliber. Also live and silent auctions, raffle, ladies raffle and
games. This event sells out. Tickets $75 single, $125 couple, $45 Greenwing
(youth), $395 sponsor, $435 sponsor couple. Supports wetlands conservation. Greg
Kostick, 515-2345, or Dan Daniluke, 534-8126.

PAWS People for Pets Party is March 23

Annual benefit will feature a "Down Home" Country Spaghetti Feed, no-host beer
and wine bar, dancing to the country music of Jim Halsey and Jeff Rubeck and a
silent auction and raffle. Doors open 5:30 p.m. at Southside Community Center,
2959 Lower Wyandotte Road. Dinner, catered by Sherry McKenzie, includes garlic
bread, salad and dessert. Advance tickets are $18 or $20 at the door. Tables for
10 may be reserved in advance. For information or to reserve tables, call
589-1265. Tickets available at PAWS Thrift and Gift, Oroville; Heaven Scent
Candles & More, Paradise; and PAW Prints Quality, Chico.

Butte College Foundation Spring Gala will be March 23

Four alumni will be recognized at this elegant all ages event, 6 p.m. in the
Sierra Nevada Big Room, 1075 E. 20th St., Chico. "Celebrating 25 Years of Giving
the Gift of Education" is the theme for the evening, with dinner and dessert
auction, a silent and live auction and entertainment. The four alumni are Kelly
Candaele, writer and filmmaker; Teri Dougherty, platform artist/hair designer;
Stephen Gonsalvs, principal architect at Nichols, Melburg & Rossetto Architects
and Engineers; and Larry Jones, Glenn County sheriff. The nonprofit auxiliary
foundation supports the college and its students, faculty and staff. Last year's
distributions included 387 scholarships. This year proceeds will provide more
scholarships and benefit athletics. Reservations are $100 each and some
sponsorships are still available. The Steve Harrison and LInda Zorn Foundation
is the event's major contributor. Sierra Nevada Brewing Company is at 1075 E.
20th St. For sponsorship or ticket information, call 895-2359 or email
foundation@butte.edu

Bake sale by Oroville Hospital Jr. Volunteers

The volunteers annual bake sale starts at 9 a.m. March 28 in the hospital
cafeteria. Proceeds go to purchase their uniforms and the cost of their
Christmas party.

Chili Cooks needed for cook-off

Thermalito Grange is in need of Chili cookers for their annual Chili Cook-off.
Applications are available now. The cook-off is April 6. Applications will be
taken until March 31. The entry fee is $10. For information call Cheri at
591-9018 or 532-4529.

Dreams of Our Youth fundraiser April 6

The event, 5-10 p.m. with dinner, live entertainment, silent auction and raffle
drawings will benefit Butte County schools and the Four Winds of Education
Foundation. Held at Silver Dollar Fairgrounds, 2357 Fair St. in the art
building. Tickets are $30 one adult or $50 for two adults. This is 21+ event.
For tickets and donations, contact Terry Tozier, BCOE's Four Winds School,
879-7411 or email ttozier@bcoe.org For information, call 895-4666.

Sixth annual Wildflower Festival is April 6

Feather River Recreation will host the festival, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., at Riverbend
Park. Vendors will offer items pertaining to wildlife and nature, including
native plant sales, photography, bug jewelry, custom carved signs, poppy seed
give aways and pony rides. Informational booths will also be set up. Free tours
will be given to Table Mountain with transportation available; $3 per person.
Call 533-2011 for hike times and more information.

CPR and First Aid class at the YMCA

Advance registration and payment are required for the class on April 6, at 1684
Robinson St. The class will run from 8-11 a.m. Stop by the YMCA office or call
533-9622.

Sank Park Craft Faire sign ups available

The Oroville Docent Association is looking for crafters to sign up for the
annual Feather Fiesta Days Craft Faire May 11. Participants may apply now for a
space at the Sank Park Lott Home in Oroville. Contact Carol at 589-1299 or
carolbrown60@comcast.net

Vendor space for Feather Fiesta Days Goldrush Lot on May 11

Space reservations for food, game, information and product booths in downtown
Oroville may be made now. Contact Mike Isch, 534-9005, 589-0952 or 520-0258;
stop by Northwestern Trading Co.; or go to www.orovilllechamber.net (calendar of
events) for more information. Orovillle Downtown Business Association.

Women's Coffee Social

A new drop-in social gathering for women in their 50s, 60s or older will be
forming in the Oroville area. The group will feature discussions about lifelong
learning, inspiration, fellowship, community resource, networking and more.
Those who are retired or new to the community are welcome. They will meet from
9:30-11 a.m. Wednesdays. Location is to be announced. Contact Lynndee Caput at
533-0780 or email lynndeecaput@yahoo.com

Nonprofit groups and community organizations can submit items for "What's
Happening in Oroville" by emailing the pertinent information to
whatshappening@orovillemr.com, fax it to 342-3617 or mail it to: What's
Happening in Oroville, P.O. Box 9, Chico, CA 95927. Please include your name and
telephone number on all correspondences.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 18, 2013



CORRECTION:

The name of performer Merrily Stover was misspelled in the caption of a picture
on Friday's front page and in a correction in Saturday's paper.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Norfolk News

                           February 23, 2017 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Norfolk in the spotlight for concert in Waterford

SECTION: WHATSON; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 253  words


Most folks can whistle a few bars of New York, New York, London Calling or
Farewell to Nova Scotia, but how about a whole evening's worth of songs about
home? The Waterford Old Town Hall is presenting an evening full of music that is
about - or a product of - Norfolk County.

On Saturday, March 4, the Sand Plains Pickers come together on stage to
celebrate all things Norfolk. The band is made up of country and bluegrass
favourites Darrin and Alison Schott, local singer and songwriter Ian Bell, North
American fiddle champ Shane Cook, and bass player Matt Rait. In concert, the
five members trade off on vocals, guitars, fiddles, mandolins, banjos,
harmonica, concertina and string bass. The set list will include originals by
Bell and the Schotts, as well as selections from other local songwriters
including Bruce (House) Milner and even the The Band's Rick Danko. The show will
also display some of the Darrin Schott's Norfolk County Fiddle Tunes project.
The group's songs paint a picture of Norfolk from Backus Mill, tobacco kilns and
curemen's shacks, to the Summer Garden dance hall, motorcycles and Port Dover
fishermen. Cook, who joins the fray via nearby Dorchester, is the only fiddler
to have won both the Canadian and U.S. fiddle championships. The Sand Plains
Serenade concert will be held Saturday, March 4, beginning at 7 p.m. Doors open
at the Waterford Old Town Hall at 6:30 p.m. Advance tickets are available for
$30 through http://oldtownhall.org/events/tickets/. Tickets will be $35 at the
door.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                             June 21, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Fretless puts on a not-so typical fiddle concert

BYLINE: Adrian Chamberlain, Victoria Times Colonist

SECTION: E-WEEKEND; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 351 words


IN CONCERT

The Fretless

Where: St. James Hall

When: Sunday, 7: 30 p.m.

Tickets: $15 advance, Zulu Records

The words "string quartet" and "rocking" rarely surface in the same sentence.

But The Fretless are intent on changing all that.

Victoria fiddle wiz Ivonne Hernandez says her new ensemble is trying something
that, as far as she knows, is uncharted terrain. The Fretless is a string
quartet - two violins, viola and cello - specializing in Celtic rather than
classical music.

"I'm pretty sure we're the only ones to have done this," Hernandez, 29, said
from a Boston airport en route to Victoria. "When you actually hear it, it is so
rocking - and people totally don't expect it at all . . . It feels like
everyone's excited about this new form."

The Fretless's weekend concert in Vancouver promises to showcase top-flight
musicianship. Hernandez, a graduate of the prestigious Berk-lee College of
Music, is a former child prodigy named Grand North American Fiddle Champion five
times.

She's joined by award-winning fiddler Trent Freeman, Saskatchewan fiddle
champion Karrnnel Sawitsky and fellow Berklee grad Eric Wright on cello.

When it comes to chamber ensembles, string quartets dominate the classical
world. All the titans of classical music - Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven - wrote
for string quartet. Yet it's not an ensemble that ordinarily plays traditional
music such as folk or Celtic.

As evidenced by The Fretless's album, Waterbound, the string-quartet format can
imbue traditional music with additional sonic richness and complexity.

If your typical fiddle concert is like a glass of cold beer on a sweltering day,
The Fretless offers the same - and the complexity of single malt scotch.

Hernandez, a sometime stepdancer who's chatty and exuberant on the phone,
explained how The Fretless functions.

The cello handles harmonies and bass lines, the viola holds down the middle
register and the violins offer not only melody but accompaniment, employing such
techniques as percussive "chopping."

Hernandez added: "We have a wide range of what we can do, to experiment with the
different sounds and textures."

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2012 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            April 7, 2011, Thursday

Local fiddler ready to return for show

BYLINE: MONICA OROSZ, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1D

LENGTH: 736 words


If you go

What: Blaine Sprouse concert with Jim and Valerie Gabehart

When: 7:30 p.m. Saturday

Where: Alban Arts Center, St. Albans

Tickets: $15 for adults, $8 for children 6-18

Info: 304-824-7748

FYI: Sprouse also will lead a fiddle workshop from 3 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. Saturday
at Fret 'n Fiddle in St. Albans. Cost is $25; to register, call 304-824-7748.

You may not know Blaine Sprouse's name right off the bat, but here are some
folks who do: musicians Randy Travis, Mel Tillis, Bill Monroe, The Osborne
Brothers, Jimmy Martin and members of Alabama and the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band.

Sprouse, a fiddler who was born in Hedgesville, Berkeley County, said he's
actually surprised by how many people do remember and recognize him.

"I think bluegrass fans are more loyal than other music fans," he said. "Once
they hear something, they pretty much remember you. Also, it's amazing what all
these social network things can do - I hear from people as far away as Europe."

Now living in California, Sprouse will return to West Virginia for the first
time since 2006 when he heads to St. Albans' Alban Arts Center Saturday for a
concert with West Virginia bluegrass artists Jim and Valerie Gabehart.

Sprouse hasn't lived in West Virginia since he dropped out of high school at 17
and headed to Nashville to find his fortune. That was in 1974.

"When you're 17 years old, you're invincible," he said, though his move wasn't
made in folly; he had a gig with Jimmy Martin and the Mountain Boys.

"It's not like I went there to be a famous fiddler," Sprouse said. "I made $50
per show date, and show dates were, maybe in the summer, five or six a month. In
January, we may have none."

Still, it wasn't bad for a kid who was basically self-taught.

Sprouse's dad played banjo and guitar for fun and taught Sprouse some of the
basics before he picked up a beat-up fiddle and taught himself how to use the
bow.

"Most of what I learned, I would slow down a record and by ear pick up the
notes. Then I would speed up the record and play along.

"There was nobody up around there (Hedgesville) that played the fiddle. So I had
to go to festivals and watch people play. And whenever Bill Monroe was in
striking distance, I'd go to watch him."

By early 1975, Sprouse was touring Japan with Jimmy Martin, and steady work
followed. In 1984, he was the guy playing fiddle for Alabama's hit, "If You're
Gonna Play in Texas (You Gotta Have a Fiddle in the Band)."

He could play country, bluegrass, folk and old-time music, and musicians from
all genres sought him out for session work in the studio and for tours.

In 1985, though, he made some changes in his life. He had tired of touring. His
dad died, and Sprouse said he became retrospective about his life and education.

"I had dropped out of high school to go to Nashville," he said, a move he later
regretted. He earned a GED and started attending community college in Nashville,
not sure exactly what he planed to do.

The road eventually took him to Vanderbilt University, where he earned a law
degree.

"I became interested in copyright law," he explained.

Five years ago, he and his wife divorced; when she moved to California with
their young son, he decided to follow so he could be nearby. He hasn't practiced
law there, but does some paralegal work and refocused on his music.

Sprouse has started hitting the road again for some short tours. He said
audiences can expect a widely mixed bag of tunes.

"I'm playing some standard bluegrass fiddle tunes and a couple tunes which are
Civil War-era tunes. When I play old-timey, I play real old-timey," he said.
"And of course I play some tunes I've written, waltzes and things.

"There's a particular tune that's very interesting. The copyright is 1982 and
it's called 'Lorena.' It's a very sentimental ballad; it has nine or 10 verses,
though I just play the instrumental part. At one time it was banned during the
Civil War."

The story goes that the song was so sentimental it made soldiers desert.

"They'd lay down their arms and leave. It's been credited with helping end the
War Between the States," Sprouse said.

COURTESY PHOTO

Fiddler Blaine Sprouse dropped out of high school and left West Virginia at 17
to move to Nashville, where he quickly became a sought-after musician. Now in
his mid-50s, Sprouse has a law degree and a new interest in touring. He comes to
St. Albans Saturday for a concert.

Contact writer Monica Orosz at monica@dailymail.com or 304-348-4830.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers

                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

Ohio: Chinese music concert

LENGTH: 458  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Ohio Tourism department has issued the following news release:



  Chinese music concert

 Event Overview



 Cleveland Chinese Music Ensemble presents All Across the Nine Provinces A
concert for the Chinese New Year 2 00 p m Sunday January 22 2017 Hudson Library
Historical Society 96 Library Street Hudson Ohio Free The Cleveland Chinese
Music Ensemble returns to the Hudson Library for its sixth year presenting a
brand new program of festive music from all over China in celebration of the
Chinese New Year the Year of the Rooster The concert s title refers to the
original nine provinces or regions that comprised ancient China in the Xia and
Shang dynasties this term has now come to symbolically represent China as a
whole The ensemble s instruments include dizi and xiao bamboo flutes suona shawm
sheng mouth organ erhu vertical fiddle gaohu Cantonese vertical fiddle dahu bass
vertical fiddle pipa pear shaped lute guqin 7 string zither gongs drums cymbals
and other percussion Making her Hudson Library debut will be guest artist Yang
Jin one of China s finest performers on the pipa and zhongruan lutes Ms Yang a
graduate of the prestigious Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing and a
former professor of pipa at the Wuhan Conservatory of Music in Hubei province
has won many of her nation s top awards for her playing and given highly
acclaimed performances in seven different countries In 2010 she was the only
mainland Chinese pipa performer selected to participate in a workshop led by the
Kronos Quartet and Wu Man at Carnegie Hall in New York City and in 2016 she was
invited to give a series of performances with Yo Yo Ma s Silk Road Ensemble
Additionally the program will feature two vocal solos by Mr Haochen Qin of
Yangzhou Jiangsu province China and a rare performance on the guqin a 7 string
zither favored by scholars since ancient times will be given by Ms Shasha Zhu of
Tianjin both are currently pursuing graduate studies in ethnomusicology at Kent
State University The concert which will be held in the library s rotunda is free
and open to the public and no tickets are required arrive early for the best
seats For more information call 330 653 6658 ext 1010 or visit http www
hudsonlibrary org Facebook event page https www facebook com events
1341203679275973 Official site https engagedpatrons org EventsExtended cfm
SiteID 3850 EventID 295172 PK https engagedpatrons org events cfm siteid 3850
audience a



 Event Details

 Dates:

 Sun, Jan. 22, 2017

 Hours:



     02:00pm - 03:30pm



 Listing Address:

 96 Library Street

 Hudson, OH

 United States

 Phone Numbers:

 330-673-1352

 Event Type:

 Music - Dance



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Ararat Advertiser & Stawell Time

                           November 26, 2013 Tuesday

Stawell - One of the world's top fiddle and piano duos,

SECTION: DISPLAY; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 435 words


Stawell - One of the world's top fiddle and piano duos, Catherine Fraser and
Duncan Smith, will be performing at the Stawell Entertainment Centre this
Saturday November 30 and will delight both fans and players of Scottish and
traditional music.

Recently returned from their fifth US tour, Catherine Fraser (a native of South
Australia) and Duncan Smith (a native of Boston, USA) have been described as 'a
powerful team' (The Living Tradition Magazine, UK), while Strings magazine USA
reports '[it] grabs you from the first long note and never lets go - beautiful
music - played magnificently'.

Catherine's captivating artistry on the violin has gained her an international
reputation as a performer of rare clarity and depth. The musical connection she
shares with pianist Duncan Smith is clearly evident in their sparkling
performances, and their repertoire, whilst steeped in the Scottish tradition,
explores the possibilities of stylistic integration between classical, folk, and
original composition. Catherine was awarded the Golden Fiddle Award for Best
Soloist in Australasia in 2010. Since forming the duo in 2001, Fraser and Smith
have received rave reviews for their performances and recordings across North
America, the UK, Germany, New Zealand and Australia, taking the audience on a
memorable journey, exploring everything from toe-tapping reels to the most
haunting of Gaelic airs, from ancient traditional tunes to contemporary and
original works.

In 2006 they became the first Australians to be invited to teach and perform at
the prestigious Scots Fiddle Festival in Edinburgh. Catherine and Duncan's
fourth CD, 'Rhymes and Reasons', has been featured as CD of the Week on ABC
Radio National's world music program 'The Planet', as well as on ABC Classic
FM's popular 'Breakfast' and 'Drive' programs. Praised by reviewers in
Australia, the USA, and Scotland, it was named as one of FolkWorld Europe's Top
10 recordings of 2009.

Prior to the performance by Catherine and Duncan the well known St Arnaud Norman
Simpson Memorial Pipe Band will perform for approximately 30 minutes which will
be a great start to this St Andrew's Day event.

This concert will be presented by Stawell Regional Arts at the Stawell
Entertainment Centre (Town Hall) on Saturday commencing at 6.30 pm. Doors open
at 6pm. Please arrive at least fifteen minutes before the start time.

Tickets are available at Stawell Library (03) 5358 1274 with the cost being $20
a ticket, students 16 yrs and under and accompanied by an adult will be admitted
free. For any further information please contact (03) 5358 2059 or
djc2@bigpond.com .

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 29, 2011 Wednesday

Charlie Daniels to perform at Bragg's July Fourth celebration

BYLINE: Brian Dukes, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 980 words


June 29--At 74, Charlie Daniels is a country music icon, Grammy Award winner and
legendary fiddler who has enjoyed a career spanning five decades -- the kind of
longevity that most artists would give their left arms for.

"I love performing for people; I want them to have a good time," said Daniels in
a phone interview. "It's what I do. It's my life."

On Monday, Daniels will perform at Fort Bragg as part of the military base's
annual Fourth of July celebration. He'll be the musical co-headliner with
country foursome Little Big Town.

The event starts at 3 p.m. and concludes at 10 p.m. after a fireworks display.
Daniels is slated to perform at 5 p.m.

Daniels, who was born in North Carolina, is known for his smash No. 1 hit "The
Devil Went Down to Georgia," a song that's famous for its extensive use of the
fiddle. Daniels also had success with popular songs such as "The South's Gonna
Do It Again," "Long Haired Country Boy" and "Uneasy Rider."

Inducted into the Grand Ole Opry in 2008, Daniels has left an indelible mark on
country music and Southern rock. Daniels has also been no stranger to
controversy, writing and performing songs that are pro-military and often
critical of government policies, such as the recently penned "Let 'Em Win or
Bring 'Em Home."

Daniels spoke to the Observer during downtime of his current national tour about
the Fourth of July show, his devil of a career, his favorite instrument and his
advice for the next generation of country stars.

Observer: North Carolina country fans love you. You need to come back home more
often. Do you get to play here as much as you like?

Daniels: We enjoy coming to the Tar Heel state. You know, I finished school in
Goldston, outside of Sanford. The schools's not there any more. I finished in
'55, and it was about to fall down anyway.

Observer: How did you know the fiddle was for you?

Daniels: I didn't, actually. I started playing guitar and mandolin first. The
finger board on the mandolin and the fiddle is the same, though. I just got hold
of it and started fooling with it and kept on keeping on until I could handle
it. There was not much room for a fiddle back in the day with Elvis, but I just
took it out one day and started using. There was a lot of effort; it took hours
of work to get good.

Observer: What does it mean to you to perform on Fort Bragg for soldiers and
their families on Independence Day?

Daniels: The truth is, spending our nations's birthday on a military base in the
state of my birth -- it doesn't get much better than that! I love the military
and look forward to seeing the guys and gals. I have been aware of Fort Bragg
all my life. My dad used to cut timber on Fort Bragg. I go way back with that
base.

Observer: What can people expect during your performance?

Daniels: We'll play the songs people want to hear -- "Long Haired Country Boy,"
"Devil Went Down to Georgia," "The Legend of Wooley Swamp." And we'll do some
new things, some surprises, too. We're going to entertain. That's what we're all
about.

Observer: With "Devil Went Down to Georgia," what's it like to be part of such
an iconic song?

Daniels: It's a great thing. It's our signature song. More people know that
about us than anything else. It's also grown and evolved over the years. Folks
from 8 to 60, they just know that song. I think it's because people never tire
of the subject of good triumphing over evil.

Observer: So many artists have covered it, do you have any favorites?

Daniels: I enjoy hearing anybody do it and see how they look at it. Zac Brown
did a great job (live on the 2009 CMA Awards). Keith Urban did a great job with
it, too. He played it a long time ago before he got really big and he played the
stuffin' out of it.

Observer: You recently wrote "Let 'Em Win or Bring 'Em Home." What inspired that
song and what's the message you hope it conveys?

Daniels: It's the way I feel about things right now. I have the utmost respect
for our military and our leaders, but I feel if the military were left to its
own devices, and we took out the politics, we could fight and win any war we
want.

But if you're not going to do that -- let them do what they're trained for,
minus the politics -- then you might as well bring 'em home. No sense in keeping
them there, otherwise. It's not fair to send 18- and 19-year-old kids into a
situation where they can't win.

Observer: In 2008, you were inducted into the Grand Ole Opry. What was that
like?

Daniels: It was a lifelong desire for me. The Bible tells you that God will give
you the desires of your heart and I waited for a long time for that to happen.

Observer: What's one piece of advice you'd give up-and-coming country artists?

Daniels: First, make sure this is what you want to do. It's not easy. Don't kid
yourself about the amount of talent you've got. Be original; don't try to sound
like anyone else, or else you're done. You might get lucky, but if you want to
be around for a long time, be yourself and stick to it.

People don't want to hear this, but if you're going to be in this business, you
need to go to where the business is. You're not going to find record scouts in
backwoods Georgia looking to give you a deal.

Staff writer Brian Dukes can be reached at dukesb@fayobserver.com or 486-3523.

Charlie Daniels Band

What: Fort Bragg Fourth of July Celebration

When: Monday, 3-10 p.m.; Daniels will perform at 5 p.m.

Where: Fort Bragg's Main Post Parade Field

Admission: Free and open to the public; all vehicles entering Fort Bragg must
pass through search checkpoints.

Info: fortbraggmwr.com

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110629-FY-Charlie-Daniels-to-perform-at-Bragg-s-July-Fourth-celebration-0629-2
0110629

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2011 The Fayetteville Observer

                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 29, 2011 Wednesday

Charlie Daniels to perform at Bragg's July Fourth celebration

BYLINE: Brian Dukes, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 980 words


June 29--At 74, Charlie Daniels is a country music icon, Grammy Award winner and
legendary fiddler who has enjoyed a career spanning five decades -- the kind of
longevity that most artists would give their left arms for.

"I love performing for people; I want them to have a good time," said Daniels in
a phone interview. "It's what I do. It's my life."

On Monday, Daniels will perform at Fort Bragg as part of the military base's
annual Fourth of July celebration. He'll be the musical co-headliner with
country foursome Little Big Town.

The event starts at 3 p.m. and concludes at 10 p.m. after a fireworks display.
Daniels is slated to perform at 5 p.m.

Daniels, who was born in North Carolina, is known for his smash No. 1 hit "The
Devil Went Down to Georgia," a song that's famous for its extensive use of the
fiddle. Daniels also had success with popular songs such as "The South's Gonna
Do It Again," "Long Haired Country Boy" and "Uneasy Rider."

Inducted into the Grand Ole Opry in 2008, Daniels has left an indelible mark on
country music and Southern rock. Daniels has also been no stranger to
controversy, writing and performing songs that are pro-military and often
critical of government policies, such as the recently penned "Let 'Em Win or
Bring 'Em Home."

Daniels spoke to the Observer during downtime of his current national tour about
the Fourth of July show, his devil of a career, his favorite instrument and his
advice for the next generation of country stars.

Observer: North Carolina country fans love you. You need to come back home more
often. Do you get to play here as much as you like?

Daniels: We enjoy coming to the Tar Heel state. You know, I finished school in
Goldston, outside of Sanford. The schools's not there any more. I finished in
'55, and it was about to fall down anyway.

Observer: How did you know the fiddle was for you?

Daniels: I didn't, actually. I started playing guitar and mandolin first. The
finger board on the mandolin and the fiddle is the same, though. I just got hold
of it and started fooling with it and kept on keeping on until I could handle
it. There was not much room for a fiddle back in the day with Elvis, but I just
took it out one day and started using. There was a lot of effort; it took hours
of work to get good.

Observer: What does it mean to you to perform on Fort Bragg for soldiers and
their families on Independence Day?

Daniels: The truth is, spending our nations's birthday on a military base in the
state of my birth -- it doesn't get much better than that! I love the military
and look forward to seeing the guys and gals. I have been aware of Fort Bragg
all my life. My dad used to cut timber on Fort Bragg. I go way back with that
base.

Observer: What can people expect during your performance?

Daniels: We'll play the songs people want to hear -- "Long Haired Country Boy,"
"Devil Went Down to Georgia," "The Legend of Wooley Swamp." And we'll do some
new things, some surprises, too. We're going to entertain. That's what we're all
about.

Observer: With "Devil Went Down to Georgia," what's it like to be part of such
an iconic song?

Daniels: It's a great thing. It's our signature song. More people know that
about us than anything else. It's also grown and evolved over the years. Folks
from 8 to 60, they just know that song. I think it's because people never tire
of the subject of good triumphing over evil.

Observer: So many artists have covered it, do you have any favorites?

Daniels: I enjoy hearing anybody do it and see how they look at it. Zac Brown
did a great job (live on the 2009 CMA Awards). Keith Urban did a great job with
it, too. He played it a long time ago before he got really big and he played the
stuffin' out of it.

Observer: You recently wrote "Let 'Em Win or Bring 'Em Home." What inspired that
song and what's the message you hope it conveys?

Daniels: It's the way I feel about things right now. I have the utmost respect
for our military and our leaders, but I feel if the military were left to its
own devices, and we took out the politics, we could fight and win any war we
want.

But if you're not going to do that -- let them do what they're trained for,
minus the politics -- then you might as well bring 'em home. No sense in keeping
them there, otherwise. It's not fair to send 18- and 19-year-old kids into a
situation where they can't win.

Observer: In 2008, you were inducted into the Grand Ole Opry. What was that
like?

Daniels: It was a lifelong desire for me. The Bible tells you that God will give
you the desires of your heart and I waited for a long time for that to happen.

Observer: What's one piece of advice you'd give up-and-coming country artists?

Daniels: First, make sure this is what you want to do. It's not easy. Don't kid
yourself about the amount of talent you've got. Be original; don't try to sound
like anyone else, or else you're done. You might get lucky, but if you want to
be around for a long time, be yourself and stick to it.

People don't want to hear this, but if you're going to be in this business, you
need to go to where the business is. You're not going to find record scouts in
backwoods Georgia looking to give you a deal.

Charlie Daniels Band

What: Fort Bragg Fourth of July Celebration

When: Monday, 3-10 p.m.; Daniels will perform at 5 p.m.

Where: Fort Bragg's Main Post Parade Field

Admission: Free and open to the public; all vehicles entering Fort Bragg must
pass through search checkpoints.

Info: fortbraggmwr.com

Staff writer Brian Dukes can be reached at dukesb@fayobserver.com or 486-3523.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110629-FY-Charlie-Daniels-to-perform-at-Bragg-s-July-Fourth-celebration-0629-2
0110629

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2011 The Fayetteville Observer

                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Burps and fiddles join swimsuits, medical intrigue at Miss America

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. G4

LENGTH: 256 words


ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. * A supermodel ripped a burp onstage, a contestant who
collapsed the night before made it back to the stage, and a fiddle-playing
Kentuckian wowed the crowd in the second night of preliminary competition in
this year's Miss America pageant.

The night got off to a strange start Wednesday when pageant host Dena Blizzard,
a former Miss New Jersey now working as a standup comic, challenged the
celebrity judges to reveal something interesting about themselves that no one
knows.

Model Kathy Ireland revealed that she could "burp the alphabet."

Dared to come up on stage and do so, Ireland hesitated, then climbed the stairs
to the stage and admitted she really couldn't burp the alphabet. But at
Blizzard's urging, Ireland did rip a massive burp on demand, to peals of
laughter from the crowd.

"You just made supermodels cool!" Blizzard said. "I love you!"

The actual talent competition was won by Miss Kentucky, Ramsey Carpenter, who
played the fiddle.

"I have been known as the Girl with the Green Fiddle a lot longer than I've been
known as Miss Kentucky," said Carpenter, who has played the instrument since age
15.

Miss Oklahoma Alex Eppler won the swimsuit competition. She said she works out
two hours a day, five days a week with a trainer, and once ate nine doughnuts in
a contest.

In Tuesday night's preliminary round, Miss Florida Victoria Cowen won the
swimsuit competition, while Miss Ohio Mackenzie Bart won the talent competition
for a ventriloquism routine. The next Miss America will be crowned on Sunday
evening.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 15, 2014 Tuesday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 15, 2014 Tuesday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 14, 2014 Monday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 14, 2014 Monday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 14, 2014 Monday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2014 Saturday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2014 Saturday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2014 Saturday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2014 Saturday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2014 Saturday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 11, 2014 Friday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 11, 2014 Friday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 11, 2014 Friday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 11, 2014 Friday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

Nebraska: Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Educational Telecommunications, The Government of Nebraska has issued
the following event detail:

Schoolhouse Fiddle Camp for Intermediate and Advanced Fiddlers
When
Jul 14 2014 - 9:00am to Jul 18 2014 - 1:00pm
About this event
Description:
Registration is now open for the 2014 Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps, in the Old Avoca
Schoolhouse, in Avoca, Nebraska. Deborah Greenblatt, championship fiddler,
author of many fiddle collections, will help the campers get in touch with their
inner fiddler. The course of study during the Schoolhouse Fiddle Camps will be
designed specifically for the individual campers who sign up. The July Camp
(Monday, July 14 - Friday, July 18) is for folks who consider themselves
intermediate or advanced. Enrollment is limited to 10 fiddlers for each week, so
that everyone will get individual attention. To register on line, log on to:
http://www.greenblattandseay.com/schoolhouse_fiddle_camp.shtml
Event Category:
Music / Books / Lectures
Website:
www.greenblattandseay.com
Location
The Old Avoca Schoolhouse
504 Garfield St.
68307 Avoca, NE
United States
Phone: 402-275-3221


For further information please visit: http://www.netnebraska.org

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             May 29, 2008, Thursday

VANDALIA GATHERING WINNERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P14D

LENGTH: 467 words


Here are the winners of the music and storytelling competitions held during the
West Virginia Division of Culture and History's 32nd annual Vandalia Gathering.

Youth old-time fiddle (age 15 and under)

First place ($75) - Meredith Pheasant, Fairmont

Second place ($50) - Ray Cossin, Mount Alto

Third place ($25) - Annie Fowler, Scott Depot

Old-time fiddle (59 and under)

First place ($400) - Meredith Pheasant, Fairmont

Second place ($250) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

Third place ($150) - Ray Cossin, Mount Alto

Fourth place ($75) - Jesse Milnes, Elkins

Fifth place ($50) - Darrell Murray, Charleston

Senior old-time fiddle (60 and over)

First place ($400) - Gerry Milnes, Elkins

Second place ($250) - Don Jones, Scott Depot

Third place ($150) - Jerry Lewis, Nettie

Fourth place ($75) - Elmer Rich, Westover

Fifth place ($50) - Junior Spencer, Frankford

Mandolin (all ages)

First place ($400) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

Second place ($250) - David Asti, Morgantown

Third place ($150) - Matt Hiser, Beckley

Fourth place ($75) - Robin Kessinger, St. Albans

Fifth place ($50) - Jarrod Doss, Fort Gay

Bluegrass banjo (all ages)

First place ($400) - David Asti, Morgantown

Second place ($250) - Andrew Kidd, Hurricane

Third place ($150) - Doug Cossin, Mount Alto

Fourth place ($75) - Jim Gabehart, Hamlin

Fifth place ($50) - Logan Browning, Summersville

Youth lap dulcimer (15 and under)

First place ($75) - Hunter Walker, Beckley

Second place ($50) - Shalor Gore, Charleston

Third place ($25) - Katie Stricker, Charleston

Lap dulcimer (all ages)

First place ($400) - Alan Freeman, Renick

Second place ($250) - Tish Westman, Mabscott

Third place ($150) - Dave Haas, Cross Lanes

Fourth place ($75) - Heidi Muller, Charleston

Fifth place ($50) - Hunter Walker, Beckley

Old-time banjo (59 and under)

First place ($400) - David O'Dell, Glenville

Second place ($250) - Tim Bing, Huntington

Third place ($150) - Paul Gartner, Yawkey

Fourth place ($75) - Chad Ashworth, Nitro

Fifth place ($50) - Elijah Ray, Ripley

Senior old-time banjo (60 and over)

First place ($400) - Gerry Milnes, Elkins

Second place ($250) - Ted Samples, Harrisville

Third place ($150) - Ben Carr, Wilsie

Fourth place ($75) - Bernard Cyrus, Fort Gay

Fifth place ($50) - Ken Sheller, Elkins

Youth flat pick guitar (15 and under)

First place ($75) - Jake Ryder, Marlinton

Second place ($50) - Doug Cossin, Mount Alto

Third place ($25) - Ray Cossin, Mount Alto

Flat pick guitar (all ages)

First place ($400) - Adam Hager, Kenna

Second place ($250) - Heather Adkins, Wayne

Third place ($150) - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

Fourth place ($75) - Richard Adkins, Cross Lanes

Fifth place ($50) - Josh Moody, St. Marys

Biggest liar

First place ($100) - Justin Wood, Morgantown

Second place ($75) - David Youssy, Charleston

Third place ($50) - Gary Buckhanan, Annamoriah

Youth (age 15 and under, $25) - Noah Lepp, Charleston

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers

                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                           August 10, 2006, Thursday

Backstory: Bluegrass camp

BYLINE: Jillian LloydCorrespondent of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: FEATURES, CURRENTS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1233 words

DATELINE: LYONS, COLO.



HIGHLIGHT: Budding musicians gather on a ranch in Colorado for four days to
learn the fiddle, banjo, and bass from icons of the genre.


Caleb Olin stands barefoot, curling his toes into the lush grass along the banks
of the tranquil St. Vrain River. He smiles and lifts his fiddle to play a
bluegrass classic with a small group of students in this alfresco classroom.
There are no notebooks. No laptops. The learning process here distills down to
playing music - sometimes while standing shin-deep in the river - with others
who share a passion for this American roots music.

Each year, Mr. Olin joins 200 fellow musicians on a pilgrimage to this small
Colorado quarry town just north of Boulder, which for a week in late July
becomes a coveted destination for bluegrass fans worldwide. The RockyGrass
Bluegrass Academy, a four-day immersion in bluegrass music, features instruction
with top-tier musicians, performances, friendly competition, and impromptu jam
sessions from sunrise to late into the night.

"It's kind of like homecoming," says Olin, a Louisville, Ky., Web designer, as
strains of "On and On" float on the breeze. "The best thing is that you sit
around in a circle and play with all these people that you've only heard of
before."

The longing for connection with others who love bluegrass, coupled with an
abiding drive to improve as musicians, draws them here from locales as distant
and diverse as Australia, England, Norway, Alaska, and Hawaii. "It's a form of
portable community," says Robert Gardner, a professor of sociology and
anthropology at Linfield College in McMinnville, Ore.

Like many at the Planet Bluegrass Ranch, Olin was hooked after his first academy
experience five years ago, and it's now an annual trek. An accomplished banjo
player, he's studying fiddle this year. For Olin, it's a family affair: joining
him are his father, wife, and 15-month-old daughter.

***

The setting for this bluegrass school in the mountains is idyllic: a parklike
historic ranch, along the arboreal banks of the St. Vrain, set beneath
terra-cotta sandstone cliffs. The 25-acre spread is the home of Craig Ferguson,
Planet Bluegrass president, who has been running the well-known Telluride
Bluegrass festival since 1980s. But it is the more intimate classroom beneath
the cottonwoods and subsequent concert here, RockyGrass, which he took over in
1993, that really delights him. "People say it was the best week of their life,"
he says. "That's fun."

RockyGrass, in its 34th year, began hosting the music academy in 1994. Classes
are held under airy tents or in shady groves by the river. For anyone serious
about the craft, the training is much sought after. But only 200 spaces are
available. When registration opens on a Monday in November, spaces fill by 10
a.m. Tuition is $450.

Phil Robinson and his 13-year-old son came from the US Virgin Islands to meet up
with old friends from Colorado. "We all showed up (two days early) on Friday. We
literally came in and squatted on the riverfront," he says. Though it's his
first time here, he's an old hand at the fiddle, having played now for 38 years.

Academy students range from novice to advanced. (A concurrent kids' camp caters
to the ages 7-14 crowd.) By the fourth day, they are a tight-knit group, picking
and strumming together, whatever their level. "This music is about playing with
other people," says banjo student David Dettorini of Des Moines, Iowa.

By the fifth day, things really let loose. That's when the three-day RockyGrass
festival begins, drawing 3,500 bluegrass aficionados for performances by legends
like Earl Scruggs, Tony Trischka, Darol Anger, and Sam Bush. Many of the artists
have spent the week here as teachers.

Classes specialize in each of the traditional bluegrass instruments: guitar,
bass, fiddle, banjo, mandolin, and Dobro. Depending on the instructor, classes
are a mix of theory, technique, and philosophy. Richard Greene, a tall man with
silver hair grazing his collar, leads a fiddle class in the shade of an
open-sided tent.

"There's only one difference between a bad fiddler - or even a mediocre one -
and a great fiddler," he says. "It's one word - details." Visibly awed, his
seven advanced students listen intently. Mr. Greene is, after all, something of
an icon. He rose to prominence as one of The Bluegrass Boys in the 1960s. As the
longing notes emerge from Greene's fiddle, the students - lawyers, teachers, and
software engineers - study the precise movement of his bow, in the hope of
someday replicating each meticulous stroke.

Nearby, Tony Trischka demonstrates the finer points of fingerpicking to eight
banjo students. "Snap your index finger as you pull off," he instructs. "It's
just a banjo; you can't hurt it at all." Hugging their instruments, they try to
replicate the move. "It's pretty simple," he says, his fingers flying along the
frets and strings.

"We learned from all of our heroes, the musicians we worship," says Dominick
Leslie, a 16-year-old mandolin player from Evergreen, Colo.. "For me, this is
like New Year's."

Dominick, a phenomenon in his own right, won the prestigious mandolin contest
here at age 14, and by 15 had recorded a solo CD. "I quit soccer because it
didn't leave me enough time to play music and do my homework," he says. "Music
is always going to be first for me."

Part of the appeal of bluegrass is that it harks back to a simpler time, when
families gathered on the porch to play music, evocative of a scene from "The
Waltons." Relying on acoustic stringed instruments and vocal harmonies,
bluegrass is a blend of old-time folk music, blues, and jazz. The style has its
roots in the traditional Celtic music played by British Isles immigrants in
Appalachia. It emerged in Kentucky in the 1940s. Bill Monroe is considered the
founding father of the genre - named for his band, The Bluegrass Boys.

Today the art form is gaining in popularity. Mainstream influences like the film
"O Brother, Where Art Thou?" have attracted a broader crowd to bluegrass, while
groups like Nickel Creek and Yonder Mountain String Band maintain a loyal fan
base. More festivals are being held, too. "We live in a world where people don't
know their neighbors, where people put fences between their properties," says
Dr. Gardner. "Here, the fences are torn down. You can walk up to the campsites
of complete strangers and start playing music with them."

***

Kristin Andreassen, a vocalist who also plays both fiddle and guitar for Uncle
Earl, a headline act at the festival, is attending the academy as a student. She
wants to add the bass to her repertoire. "Bass is kind of the core," she says.
"I think it will help my musicality to learn how to play it."

For instructors, fostering that love of learning keeps them coming back. Sandy
Munro, a multi-instrumentalist from Aspen, Colo., teaches here every year. "You
don't have to have a yacht or an airplane," he says. "You can be happy without a
lot of things when you have music."

As the late-July temperatures top 90 degrees F., students - some with
instruments in tow - head to the river for a dip. At the end of the week, they
all gather in the St. Vrain one last time for "commencement," standing knee-deep
in the swirls and eddies as their voices fall in harmony. "As I went down to the
river to pray, studying about that good old way..."

Slow and languorous, the music goes well into the evening and beyond - back to
cities and towns around the world as the inspired graduates bring their new
skills home.

(c) Copyright 2006. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved

                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                The Independent

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 4, 2009

Not-so-quiet revolution for the bass fiddle

BYLINE: Wally Gordon

LENGTH: 373  words


Over the past 20 or 30 years a not-so-quiet revolution has transformed the
background thump and thrum of the bass fiddle into the front-and-center solos of
symphony orchestras and jazz bands. The revolution has redounded to the benefit
of South. 14's Daniel Hachez, whose $40,000 hand-made double basses now adorn
stages from Australia to Scandinavia to Chicago.

In the light, airy workshop behind his house, Hachez shapes a bass fiddle from
maple and spruce every three months, and they are all contracted for in advance.
There are two sizes, with about an inch difference in the string length.

The 58-year-old craftsman has been making instruments since he was 12. Starting
with guitars, he gravitated to Renaissance instruments such as lutes and
vihuelas (elongated, peanut-shaped guitars) before focusing exclusively on
basses.

Some musicians with famous names have bought his instruments. One is Miles
Davis. Hachez pauses and laughs at the expected awed reaction. "Not that Miles
Davis, but the one who is a professor at the Curtis Institute in Philadelphia.
He's pretty famous."

The transformation of the role of the bass fiddle led to a dramatic increase in
its popularity.

That change was largely the work of one man, Hachez recounts, a Syrian named
Francois Rabbath, who used ergonomics to figure out new ways to play a bass.
"The technique of playing the bass has taken a huge leap, so the bass is more
prominent," Hachez said during an interview last week in his workshop.

Hachez said that except for a woman in Albuquerque who makes about one bass a
year as a hobby, he is the only New Mexican who builds the instruments. Many
machine-made basses, however, are turned out elsewhere, primarily in China, but
he said they neither look nor sound like his.

One of the peculiarities of making bass fiddles is that it is less remunerative
than fashioning cellos, even though cellos are smaller. It seems that even after
the revolution the bass still lacks the eclat of its smaller relative.

So to test the waters Hachez plans to create a cello and see if he can market
it. If so, the bass boss may become the cello creator.

Hachez sells his instruments through Robertson and Sons Violin Shop, 3201
Carlistle NE in Albuquerque, phone 889-2999.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IED

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2009 The Independent

                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 19, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

CAJUN MUSICIANS BRINGING THEIR ART TO NEW YORK

BYLINE: By JON PARELES

SECTION: Section C; Page 20, Column 3; Weekend Desk

LENGTH: 883 words


DOWN along the Gulf coast of Louisiana, America's Cajuns have done far more than
cook up gumbo and blacken redfish. In close-knit communities, they've maintained
their own language - an evolved variant of 17th-century French - and a culture
that revolves around the land, hard work, strong families and good times. And at
houseparties and crawfish- fries, their music whoops, wails and stirs together
500 years of tradition.

Cajun music is still evolving in places like Eunice and Lafayette and Lake
Charles, La., where dancers happily waltz and two-step at roadhouses. This
weekend, Cajun musicians from the towns of Scott and Welch, La., will present
two concerts in New York - tomorrow at Carnegie Recital Hall, 154 West 57th
Street, and Sunday at the Alternative Museum, 17 White Street - as part of the
''American Folk Roots'' series. And the Buckwheat Zydeco Band from Mamou, La., a
leading young black Cajun band, will pump out accordion- centered, zydeco tunes
(traditional Cajun music mixed with blues) tonight and tomorrow at Tramps, 125
East 15th Street.

The ''American Folk Roots'' concerts team up the fiddler Michael Doucet's band,
Beausoleil, with a musician who taught and inspired Mr. Doucet: Canray Fontenot,
a 62-year- old black Cajun fiddler with an unforgettable tone. Their repertories
stretch from 20th-century America back to medieval France, reflecting the
history of the Cajuns or, as they used to be known, the Acadians.

At the beginning of the 17th century, Acadians from western France went to New
Brunswick (once known as Acadie) and Nova Scotia as fishermen, farmers and
trappers. They refused allegiance to Britain when Canada was colonized, and were
expelled in 1755. Eventually, many made their way to the prairie and bayou
country west of New Orleans.



Musical Potpourri

In Louisiana, the Acadians became known as Cajuns, and their music rubbed
shoulders with American Indian music, the pre-blues music imported from Africa
with the slaves, and the Celtic-American strains that also spawned country
music. In the 19th century, the accordion made its way into the music, followed
by echoes of modern country songs and, particularly for black Cajuns or Creoles,
blues and rhythm-and-blues.

The Buckwheat Zydeco Band is an up-and-coming outfit that leans toward Cajunized
blues; Buckwheat, the band's accordionist and singer, dares to appear in a crown
and cape, challenging zydeco's generally acknowledged ''king,'' Clifton Chenier.
The band includes electric guitars and bass, drums, saxophone and ''rubboard,''
an all-metal washboard whose clattering syncopations are essential to zydeco.
The band will perform at about 9:30 P.M. and midnight at Tramps. There is a $9
cover and a two-drink minimum. Information: 777-5077.

The lineup of Beausoleil, named for the 18th-century Acadian resistance fighter
Beausoleil Broussard, includes fiddle, accordion, guitar, mandolin, triangle and
frottoir, or washboard. ''Some songs that we sing come from medieval times,''
Mike Doucet said. ''They're trouv ere songs, troubadour songs, and they tell a
story. There are ballads that come from Celtic times, and tunes that Breton
fiddle players know. There are drinking songs, of course, and there are many,
many love songs.''



Cigar Box for a Fiddle

Canray Fontenot has been enlivening Saturday nights around Welch, La., since the
1930's. Like many Cajun and Creole musicians, he comes from a musical family;
his father played the accordion. ''I was raised on a farm, growing cotton,'' he
said. ''We didn't have much money, so I decided to make a makeshift fiddle, from
a cigar box.''

Although he has worked fields most of his life, Mr. Fontenot also earned a
considerable reputation around southern Louisiana for his music . When Mr.
Doucet asked Clifton Chenier about black Cajun fiddlers, Mr. Chenier recommended
that he find Canray Fontenot.

''His soul and the way he plays, they just knocked me down,'' Mr. Doucet said.
Now 34, Mr. Doucet was born in Scott, La., and grew up speaking English and
Cajun; his uncle T-Will Knight played fiddle. ''I thought music was just an
intimate thing, a family thing, but the more I got out, the more I realized how
special it was,'' he said.



Apprenticeship for Cajuns

A folk festival he attended in France in 1974 encouraged him to dig deeper into
Cajun music, and with a grant from the National Endowment for the Arts he
created an apprenticeship with leading Cajun musicians - among them Mr.
Fontenot, the Balfa brothers from Mamou, La., and Dennis McGee, now 92, a
fiddler who joined the accordionist-singer Amade Ardoin in the first zydeco
recordings.

''There must be 2,000 fiddle players down here,'' Mr. Doucet said. ''And no two
are alike - each one has a distinct style. How do you know how to play the
music? It's not like copying someone verbatim - you have to get the feeling
right.

''This music is always spinning and turning,'' Mr. Doucet added. ''and we have a
lot to remember. Sometimes I play a song that's so old people think it's new.''

Tickets to the Carnegie Recital Hall concert tomorrow at 8:30 P.M., are $10;
information, 247-7800. Tickets to the Alternative Museum, Sunday at 8, are $9;
information, 966-4444. Advance purchase is recommended.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Canray Fontenot; photo of Michael Doucet

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   Irish News

                                 March 26, 2005

Tributes paid to legendary fiddle player;

BYLINE: Marie Louise McCrory, West Belfast Correspondent

SECTION:  Pg. 1

LENGTH: 354 words


Musician Sean Maguire, who died on Thursday, was last night described as
probably the best Irish traditional fiddle player ever.

The funeral of the 77-year-old legendary ceili band leader, soloist and teacher
will take place in Twinbrook near Belfast on Monday.

Known around the world for his fiddle playing and having packed out venues such
as Carnegie Hall in New York, Mr Maguire began life as a member of a musical
family in west Belfast.

His father played the concert flute, whistle, piccolo and fiddle, and his
brother Jim also became a fiddle player.

Sean began playing the fiddle aged 12.

A violinist with the Belfast Youth Orchestra, he turned down an invitation to
join the Belfast Symphony Orchestra because of his love for traditional music.

When he was 15 he broadcast on BBC Overseas radio, and at 22 won the gold medal
at the All-Ireland Oireachtas Fiddle Championship, where he reputedly scored an
un-precedented 100 per cent.

Mr Maguire, who also played piano, guitar, whistle, uilleann pipes and concert
flute, went on to join the Malachy Sweeney Ceili Band.

He toured widely and in the 1960 he met accordion player Joe Burke. The two
musicians regularly performed together.

He also played with Barney McKenna of the Dubliners and one of their duets, The
Mason's Apron, is regarded as a classic in traditional music.

In the 1980s he suffered from throat cancer and was fitted with a speech valve,
but he continued performing.

Mr Maguire taught classes at the McPeake family's Clonard Traditional School in
Belfast.

Francis McPeake, director of the McPeake School of Music, described Mr Maguire
as a "maestro".

"Sean Maguire had a personality that was like his fiddle playing - unique," he
said.

"There was just not enough notes on a fiddle. He was just a genius. "

Mr Maguire's body will leave Healy's funeral home on the Falls Road, tomorrow at
2pm to arrive at St Luke's Church, Twinbrook at 2.30pm.

His funeral Mass will be celebrated at 10am on Monday at St Luke's and he will
be laid to rest afterwards at Milltown Cemetery.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 The Irish News Limited

                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            March 14, 2013 Thursday

Daily Planner: March 15

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: FEATURES

LENGTH: 1603 words


Events

Chapman Farmers Market: 2-5 p.m. 16th and C streets, down from Dorothy Johnson
Center, Chico. Fresh foods, free garden exchange, CNAP (food stamp) EBT
accepted. Free stall spaces for produce growers, crafters, social service
groups. Sponsored by cChaos, nonprofit nutrition and lifestyle education
organization. Year-round, rain or shine. 624-8844 orwww.cChaos.org .

47th annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and Picking
Championship, Oroville: 3 p.m. Opening ceremony and Fiddle Division;
Senior-senior (70 and older); Senior (60-69). Awards at 5:50 p.m. Schedules,
rules and registration forms at Houser's Music or Auditorium in Oroville; or
print fromwww.orovilleoldtimefiddlers.com . Free admission, donations
appreciated. Food sold. Oroville Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St. Musicians
from across California will compete; the Old Time fiddle Association
organization covers 10 districts, from Redding to San Diego. Also Saturday.

Avenue 9 Gallery: 5-8 p.m. Reception showcasing work by Chico State art
students, "From the Trenches."www.avenue9gallery.com .

Chico Art Center: 7-9 p.m. Reception for 9th annual "Discovery Series!" Creative
Fusion exhibition of 115 works of art by students from PV and Chico high
schools, Chico, Marsh and Bidwell junior high schools, Fair View, Marsh and
Inspire School of the Arts; refreshments. 450 Orange St. in Chico's train depot;
895-8726.

Performance

California Music Educator's Region III Choral Music Festival: 8 a.m.- 4 p.m. at
Bidwell Presbyterian Church. School choirs sing for judges, receive
instantaneous feedback. Many schools will participate, but Chico Junior High and
Chico High schools are the only local groups; Chico Junior High, 8:20 a.m.;
Chico High A Cappella Choir, 9:40 a.m.; Chico High Mixed Chorus, 2 p.m. Free to
public. Sue Delgardo, 891-3026, ext. 322.

Chico Theater Company: 7:30 p.m. "Father of the Bride," set in the 1950s in the
home of the bride with the same theme as the novel and movie, but it is mostly
about the family and how the wedding affects the household. 166 Eaton Road.
Tickets $20 adults, $12 children 12 and younger; box office, 894-3282
orwww.chicotix.com .

Birdcage Theatre, Oroville: 7:30 p.m. "Proof," 2-act play captures grief,
sibling rivalry, romantic tension and a struggle with mental illness through a
present day family in Chicago. Language may not be suitable for younger
audiences. Tickets $15 adults, $7 preteens (Thursdays 2 for 1). 1740 Bird St.
533-2473.

Harlen Adams Theatre, Chico State: First of two-day annual Chico Bach Festival:
7:30 p.m. Selections from Bach's "Clavierbungen III," known as the German Organ
Mass, on the Centennial pipe organ by Angela Kraft Cross. Presented by Chico
State Department of Music and Theatre. Advance tickets $15 adult, $13 seniors,
$6 children/students; add $2 if purchased at door. University Box Office,
898-6333. Information, David Scholz, 898-5152.

Community

Blood Drive: 7 a.m.-2 p.m. Friday. BloodSource, 555 Rio Lindo Ave., Chico.
893-5433. Weekly.

Temporary Restraining Order help: Call in advance to assure a counselor will be
available; 330 Wall St., Suite 50. 343-7711. For victims of domestic violence.
Free. Sponsored by Catalyst Domestic Violence Services. 1-800-895-8476.
Weekdays.

Butte County Historical Society Archives: 9 a.m.-noon. 2335 Baldwin Ave.,
Oroville. $3 per person per day to research. 533-9418.

Missionaries to the Unborn: 9 a.m.-noon. Public property, 1469 Humboldt Road,
Chico. Pray for unborn children. 891-0427. Weekly.

Chico Air Museum: 9 a.m.-4 p.m. At Chico Municipal Airport adjacent to the
tower, consists of two areas: An enclosed one-acre park with 11 aircraft and
several airport-type vehicles; and an indoor museum with four rooms of historic
displays, a library and a gift shop. Heated in the fall and winter,
air-conditioned during the warm months. Open Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Free,
donations appreciated. School tours weekdays by advance appointment. 170 Convair
Ave. 345-6468 during open hours;www.chicoairmuseum.org . Weekly.

Butte County Historical Society Museum: 9 a.m.-noon. 1735 Spencer St., Oroville.
Admission by donation. Archives behind museum open Thursdays, Fridays, 9
a.m.-noon; $3 per person per day to research, 2335 Baldwin Ave. 533-9418. Also
Saturday 11 a.m.-3 p.m.

Toddler Story time: 10 a.m.,11 a.m. Stories and songs for ages 3 and younger.
Chico library, 1108 Sherman Ave., 891-2762. Weekly.

Story time: 10 a.m. Gridley Library, 299 Spruce St. 846-3323. Weekly.

Story time and craft: 11 a.m. for children 3-5 years. Paradise Library, 5922
Clark Rd. 872-6320. Weekly.

Valene L. Smith Museum of Anthropology: 11 a.m.-3 p.m. "Infinity and Beyond:
Humanity's Quest to Explore Space" draws from scientific discovery and
anthropological understandings to explore the first humans' observations of the
skies to the modern space program. Merian Library Complex, Chico State
University. 898-5397. Tuesday through Saturday.

Chico Creek Nature Center: 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Interpretive center for Bidwell Park.
Nature exhibits, living animals, public programs. Howard Tucker Exhibit Hall on
premises 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Friday through Sunday. 1968 E. Eighth St.
891-4671,bidwellpark.org . Wednesdays through Sundays.

Chico Museum: Noon-4 p.m. at 141 Salem St. "I Love Chico" exhibit is open again
through June 2, featuring artwork created in varied mediums by local artisans.
891-4336. Wednesday through Sunday. Weekly.

Pinochle Games: 1-4 p.m. Community Center, 545 Vallombrosa Ave., Chico. Weekly.

Free lunch: Noon-1:30 p.m. Paradise Lutheran Church, 780 Luther Drive. 877-3549.
Weekly.

Gateway Science Museum: Noon-5 p.m. Wednesday through Sunday. "Sportsology,"
interactive, bilingual exploration of science behind sports; test athletic
abilities, measure your vertical leap and more (traveling exhibition of
ScienceWorks Hands-on Museum). Also "Brain Teasers 2" with 21 new hands-on
puzzles (traveling exhibit produced by Oregon Museum of Science and Industry).
$6 for adults, $3 for children 3 to 17 years. Gateway Science Museum, 625 The
Esplanade. Exhibits go through May 5. "Explaining Creativity Through the
Collection of Reed Applegate," in the James W. Cornyn Valley Gallery, in
conjunction with the Museum of Northern California (MonCA). Runs through Aug. 18

Fair Trade Steering Committee: 1-2:30 p.m. Chico Peace & Justice Center, 526
Broadway. 893-9078. Weekly.

Roseleaf Gardens: 3:30-4:30 p.m. Happy Hour jam session for musicians young and
old at 2770 Sierra Ladera Lane, California Park. Kim Vickers leads the jams and
a new song is taught at the end of each gathering. Appetizers, drinks.
Fundraiser for Alzheimer's Association and Passages of Chico. 514-4646. Weekly.

Love Chapmantown Coalition: 6 p.m. Subud Hall, 574 E. 16th St. 781-4676. Third
Friday.

Durham Library: 6 p.m. Karaoke for all ages, at 2545 Durham-Dayton Highway.

Pinochle Games: 7 p.m. Community Center, 545 Vallombrosa Ave., Chico. Weekly.
Also Mondays.

Clubs

High 12 Club: Noon. Sierra Sunrise Terrace Lodge, Chico. Weekly.

Duplicate Bridge: 12:30 p.m. Open game. Bidwell Bridge Studio, 965 Salem St.,
Chico. 891-8942. Weekly. (Also Mondays and Tuesdays)

Golden Empire Amateur Radio Society: Social 6:30 p.m.; general meet 7 p.m.;
board of directors meet follows. Butte County Search and Rescue building, 2591
Morrow Lane, Chico. Gene Wright, wa6zrt, 345-3515. Third Friday.

Health, emotional support

Alcoholics Anonymous: Chico Central   6:30 a.m., noon, 5:30 p.m., 7 p.m. 1102
Mangrove Ave., Chico; Mom's Alcoholics Anonymous   Noon, 5:30 and 8 p.m. 2109
Esplanade, Suite 110, Chico. Meet times, locations or to talk to recovering
alcoholic, 342-5756.www.aabutte-glenn.org . Weekly.

Widowers Social Breakfast: 9 a.m. Kalico Kitchen, 2396 The Esplanade, Chico.
Booth No. 5. Weekly.

Paradise Hospice Brunch Bunch: 9:30-11 a.m. Cozy Diner, 6371 Skyway, Paradise.
Support to anyone who has lost a loved one. 877-8755. Weekly.

Chico Neuropathy Support: 10 a.m.-noon, 6 p.m. Challenges, speakers, ways to
stay active while experiencing pain or numbness. Enloe Conference Center, 1528
The Esplanade. 228-4701. Third Friday.

Narcotics Anonymous: Noon, 6:30 p.m, 8 p.m. 2109 The Esplanade, Suite 120,
Chico; 5:30 p.m. Bethel AME, 821 Linden St. 24-hour hotline: 877-6361. Weekly.

Narcotics Anonymous: noon, 701 Main St. Chico Unified Group. 1-877-669-1669.
Weekly.

Overeaters Anonymous, Step Study: Noon-1 p.m. First Christian Church, 295 E.
Washington St., Chico. 892-1417. Weekly.

Al-Anon: Families of alcoholics. Chico: 1:30 p.m. First Christian Church, 295 E.
Washington Ave., Room 5; Paradise: Noon. The Alano Club, 7786 Skyway.
342-5756.www.al-anon.alateen.org . Weekly.

Narcotics Anonymous: 1:30 p.m., 1297 Park Ave. "Discover and Recover."
1-877-669-1669. Weekly.

Grief Support Widowed Friends: 2 p.m. Cornucopia restaurant, 515 Montgomery St.,
Oroville. Sponsored by Scheer Memorial Chapel. Weekly.

Living Sober: 5:30 p.m. Study of the Big Book, 1321 Robinson St., Oroville.
Smoke free. Weekly.

Narcotics Anonymous: 5:30 p.m., 821 Linden. Bidwell group. 877-669-1669. Weekly.

Celebrate Recovery: 7-9 p.m. Aldersgate United Methodist Church, 2869 Cohasset
Road, Chico. 12-step Christ-centered study groups; overcome hurts, habits,
hang-ups, self-destructive behaviors. 893-8640. Weekly.

Narcotics Anonymous: 7:30 p.m., 1341 W. Fourth St. "Life on Life's Terms."
1-877-669-1669. Weekly.

Send Planner listings tolifestyle@chicoer.com , fax to 342-3617 or mail to
Enterprise-Record, P.O. Box 9, Chico, CA 95927. Tell more people about your
event by using our online calendar. Visithttp://calendar.chicoer.com/listings
and follow the easy instructions.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                          February 18, 2015 Wednesday

Fitchburg grandfather scales 10-foot snowbank -- with strings attached

BYLINE: By Katina Caraganis , kcaraganis@sentinelandenterprise.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 315 words


FITCHBURG -- While many people across North Central Massachusetts are beginning
to ask when all the snow will melt, one man is taking the winter weather in
stride.

Leo LeBlanc, 88, of Shea Street in Fitchburg, has been playing the fiddle since
he was 20.

With a bit of encouragement from children in his neighborhood, LeBlanc climbed
up a 10-foot snowbank over the weekend and posed with his fiddle.

"I'm pretty well-known around here," LeBlanc said Tuesday afternoon. "I've done
a lot of competitions. The kids wanted me to get up there. It's a year we're
never going to forget."

Climbing up the large mound of snow was no big deal, he said.

"I thought it was a good idea. The kids have been asking me to do it. I got up
there, I would say about 10 feet. When they pushed it with the plow, the snow
hardened, which made it easier. It was near my porch. My grandson helped me
there."

LeBlanc is a member of a group called The Fine Tuners, made up of fiddle players
who travel to various senior centers and nursing homes to perform for residents.

While many of the other members are "snowbirds," opting to hibernate to Florida
until the warm weather makes its way back to New England, LeBlanc said he seizes
any opportunity to play for a crowd.

Two of his grandchildren were impressed with their grandfather's adventurous
side.

His granddaughter, Shannon LeBlanc, snapped a picture of him on the snowbank and
said she was "shocked" he wanted to climb it.

Another granddaughter, Whitney Doucet, agreed. She said Shannon climbed up the
snowbank first to "make sure it was sturdy" before they let him climb up.

"When I saw that picture, I said I literally have the cutest grandpa ever," she
said.

LeBlanc said his wife, Janet, was worried about him, but she needn't have been.

"Of course, she worries, but I'm in pretty good shape for my age," he said.

Follow Katina Caraganis on out and Twitter @kcaraganis.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Leo LeBlanc, 88, fiddles from atop a 10-foot snowbank in his yard to
mark the winter's record-breaking snowfall after some encouragement from
neighborhood children. "It's a year we're never going forget," he said. PHOTO
COURTESY SHANNON LEBLANC Sentinel and Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by
visiting our SmugMug site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                          February 18, 2015 Wednesday

Fitchburg grandfather scales 10-foot snowbank -- with strings attached

BYLINE: By Katina Caraganis , kcaraganis@sentinelandenterprise.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 315 words


FITCHBURG -- While many people across North Central Massachusetts are beginning
to ask when all the snow will melt, one man is taking the winter weather in
stride.

Leo LeBlanc, 88, of Shea Street in Fitchburg, has been playing the fiddle since
he was 20.

With a bit of encouragement from children in his neighborhood, LeBlanc climbed
up a 10-foot snowbank over the weekend and posed with his fiddle.

"I'm pretty well-known around here," LeBlanc said Tuesday afternoon. "I've done
a lot of competitions. The kids wanted me to get up there. It's a year we're
never going to forget."

Climbing up the large mound of snow was no big deal, he said.

"I thought it was a good idea. The kids have been asking me to do it. I got up
there, I would say about 10 feet. When they pushed it with the plow, the snow
hardened, which made it easier. It was near my porch. My grandson helped me
there."

LeBlanc is a member of a group called The Fine Tuners, made up of fiddle players
who travel to various senior centers and nursing homes to perform for residents.

While many of the other members are "snowbirds," opting to hibernate to Florida
until the warm weather makes its way back to New England, LeBlanc said he seizes
any opportunity to play for a crowd.

Two of his grandchildren were impressed with their grandfather's adventurous
side.

His granddaughter, Shannon LeBlanc, snapped a picture of him on the snowbank and
said she was "shocked" he wanted to climb it.

Another granddaughter, Whitney Doucet, agreed. She said Shannon climbed up the
snowbank first to "make sure it was sturdy" before they let him climb up.

"When I saw that picture, I said I literally have the cutest grandpa ever," she
said.

LeBlanc said his wife, Janet, was worried about him, but she needn't have been.

"Of course, she worries, but I'm in pretty good shape for my age," he said.

Follow Katina Caraganis on out and Twitter @kcaraganis.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Leo LeBlanc, 88, fiddles from atop a 10-foot snowbank in his yard to
mark the winter's record-breaking snowfall after some encouragement from
neighborhood children. "It's a year we're never going forget," he said. PHOTO
COURTESY SHANNON LEBLANC Sentinel and Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by
visiting our SmugMug site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             June 16, 2005 Thursday

Church hosts Swedish fiddle duo

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 244 words

DATELINE: BRATTLEBORO


The Swedish fiddle duo Tva, featuring Alicia Bjarnsdotter Abrams and Emma Reid,
will appear on Wednesday, June 22, at 7.30 p.m., at The Church, 3 Grove St.

Tva is currently on its second tour through New England and the Midwest,
returning after their acclaimed U.S. debut in October 2004.

Tva presents fiddling from Sweden and the British Isles, mixed with humor,
stories and a song or two. When Reid and Abrams take on a tune, they launch into
a playful chase. The two fiddles bend and tease, take a turn, and then one
follows the other smoothly. Some of the raw, ancient qualities of Swedish music
are mixed with elegant harmony parts.

Peg Eves, director of West Street Arts in Brattleboro says, "The music produced
by these two artists leaves absolutely nothing to be desired of an evening's
entertainment. The spirit of their performance is captivating and uplifting. One
cannot accurately appraise their work without risk of being accused of
exaggerating."

Reid and Abrams both have a performance degree in traditional Swedish music from
the Royal Academy of Music in Stockholm, and Reid is currently studying toward a
master's in music at Newcastle University in England. Alongside Swedish music,
the vibrant fiddle tradition of the Shetland Isles has a special place in the
duo's repertoire. They have each studied with a Shetland fiddle master -- Abrams
with Aly Bain and Reid with Catriona MacDonald.

For information, call [802] 365-9780.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.

                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Sunday Independent

                                 March 5, 2017
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The siblings in tune with one another;
Former Celtic Woman star Mairead Nesbitt is an inspiration to her younger
brother Karl, and he keeps her calm, writes Andrea Smith

SECTION: LIVING;NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 888 words


MUSICIAN Karl Nesbitt says that although he lives in Cork and his sister Mairead
lives in Boston, music is the glue that connects them. That, and food, as
they're both fans of good Irish food. "Our love of Irish porter and potatoes
connects us," he jokes.

Mairead and Karl grew up on a small farm a mile outside Loughmore in Tipperary.
They have four siblings, Frances, Sean, Michael and Noel, and while Mairead is
second-eldest of the family, Karl is the youngest. "There's a 10-year age gap
between us," says the petite Mairead. "I was delighted when he was born because
it was lovely having a new little one around the place. I was a terror and the
rest weren't far off, but Karl was always the lovely little golden boy."

Mairead and Karl lived with their parents, John and Kathleen, and late
grandparents, May and Martin. As the elder family members were all musicians,
it's unsurprising that all of the Nesbitt children are also accomplished.
Mairead played piano at four and violin at six, with a bit of tin whistle and
flute thrown in.

"I loved the fiddle, and grew up playing classical and traditional music side by
side," she says. "My mother is an amazing fiddle player and she lectured in TTCT
at Comhaltas, which is the only traditional music course in the world. She
teaches music at the Ursuline Convent in Thurles, which is where I went to
school. My dad is fantastic too and he also plays the fiddle, but mainly the box
or button accordion."

Karl says Mairead wasn't a bossy older sister, and all of his memories of her
are to do with music. She was always very encouraging, warm and positive, he
says, and is one of the principal reasons he plays music today. Mairead began
playing with the RTE Concert Orchestra at 14, and studied music at Waterford
RTC, Cork School of Music, and Trinity College London. She joined Lord of the
Dance, did some recording work for Riverdance, and after releasing her first
solo album, Raining Up, she joined Celtic Woman and toured with the show for 12
years.

She loved her time with the smash-hit show, and it was where she met her husband
Jim Mustapha, Jr., who was the show's light and design director. They got
married on a beach in Maui, Hawaii, by themselves in 2011. The family watched
the ceremony via a live wi-fi link.

"It was amazing watching it at the kitchen table in Loughmore," says Karl. "We
were looking at them on a beach and the rain was pelting down here. Playing
music for a living isn't the most stable route, but Mairead had blazed a trail
and that inspired me to try it out. We saw her play with Celtic Woman in
Carnegie Hall in New York, and I got to travel all over Europe in her band when
she was doing her own gigs, which was a brilliant experience. Even as a child, I
remember going to see her perform with the RTE Concert Orchestra, which had a
big impact on me."

Karl is a multi-instrumentalist whose main instrument is flute, and he studied
music at Colaiste Stiofain Naofa in Cork. He still lives there, with one of the
main attractions being that he met his Cork girlfriend Blaithin, a musician and
music teacher, there.

Karl is a full-time musician and does a lot of teaching with Comhaltas and
outreach programme, Music Generation. He is writing his own material, and will
be recording an album of tunes by Captain O'Neill from Bantry and a
collaborative album with different people, including Mairead. He is also the
producer of the Nesbitt family's forthcoming album, The Devil's Bit Sessions,
which will be released in May.

The album was recorded in their family home, and 14 family members play on it,
including nieces and nephews. "I can procrastinate, but Mairead is brilliant at
getting the ball rolling as she just goes straight for things," says Karl. "We
all had great ideas, but you need someone like Mairead to put it all in motion.
She was the spark to start it all."

Mairead says Karl is extremely modest about his considerable talents, and she
loves that he's so calm and the voice of reason. "I can get nervous before a
performance, but when I look over at him on stage and see how relaxed he is, it
helps me," she says. "He is also very caring and a very warm person, and when
the four brothers get together, the antics they get up to are hilarious. They're
great at taking each other off."

Mairead left Celtic Woman last July and now lives in Boston with Jim - a native
of the city. "I have a base in Dublin city centre so I come home a lot," she
says. "I'm a real homebird and I get very homesick, which is not the best way to
be in this career."

She has just released her fantastic new album, Hibernia, a fusion of original
trad and classical music that was recorded with a full orchestra. She has
launched it globally with a performance with the Hong Kong Symphony Orchestra.
Karl is one of the featured musicians, and her parents and brother Sean also
feature. "I'll be touring Hibernia, probably in 2018, and am touring with a big
new sensational show for PBS for six weeks, which will shortly be announced,"
she says. "I loved Celtic Woman, but am enjoying being in charge of my own
destiny now and making my own schedule."

Hibernia is available from music stores nationwide and from www.Amazon.com.
www.maireadnesbittviolin.com www.karlnesbitt.com

'When the four Nesbitt brothers get together, the antics they get up to are
hilarious' ;

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SDI


             Copyright 2017 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 25, 2015 Thursday

Ariel adds banjo, fiddle teacher to summer staff

BYLINE: Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 347 words


June 25--GALLIPOLIS -- The Ariel-Ann Carson Dater Performing Arts Center
welcomes Appalachian Music Master Dan Levenson to their summer teaching staff.

Levenson has been recognized as a master teacher and performer of the
Appalachian Fiddle and Clawhammer Banjo styles of old time music. He has been
playing since he was a child and over his career has authored 13 books for Mel
Bay Publications, recorded eight CDs, solo and with his band The Boiled
Buzzards, as well as toured internationally as a full-time musician. He has won
several awards including Ohio's Clawhammer Banjo Championship and he won first
place in the Coshocton Old Time Fiddle contest.

Levenson brings his teaching skills to the Ariel each Wednesday this summer for
those wishing to learn to play or improve their skills on banjo and fiddle,
old-time guitar or even the mandolin. He has several spots open this year.

Levenson has made Gallia County his home each summer since 1996 when he
purchased an old homestead near Morgan Center. He comes in each year to work on
the house, grow his garden and teach students at his homestead. His weekend-long
Clawcamp -- Clawhammer Banjo workshop is sold out this year as it often has been
in the past.

Some might consider Levenson Gallia County's own Appalachian Jorma; others just
want to learn to play the banjo. Whichever you choose, contact Levenson at
Clawdan@clawdan.com to get started or get better at old-time music. Find out
more about Dan by visiting his website, www.clawdan.com. Lessons are available
in person or by webcam, i.e. Skype.

The Ariel also offers lessons taught by Ohio Valley Symphony violinist Ian
Jessee, as well as piano and voice lessons taught by Judy Cavendish, director of
the Ariel Childrens Chorus. To set up violin lessons, contact Ian at
304-550-3078. To set up voice or piano lessons or get info on the Ariel
Childrens Chorus, contact Judy at 304-550-3078.

___ (c)2015 the Gallipolis Daily Tribune (Gallipolis, Ohio) Visit the Gallipolis
Daily Tribune (Gallipolis, Ohio) at www.mydailytribune.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150625-YQ-Ariel-adds-banjo-fiddle
-teacher-to-summer-staff-0625-20150625

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YQ


                 Copyright 2015 Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio

                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Local banjo maestro earns folk award nomination

BYLINE: Darrell Bellaart, Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 713 words


Nanaimo musician Nick Hornbuckle believes good music is the product of a lot of
hard work, and it shows in his new album 12x2(+/-1).

Hornbuckle's first solo record is up for a Canadian Folk Music Award. It
highlights his own hand-picked collection of old-time fiddle songs played in his
unique two-finger picking style. Many of the tracks have accompaniment, but
Hornbuckle, who engineered the record, took care not to hide the banjo's subtle
voice. It is, after all, a banjo record.

The nomination is welcome news for the transplanted Washingtonian who also plays
with John Reischman and the Jaybirds. "It's an honour," Hornbuckle said. The
decision to submit for an award was more an afterthought. He sent it in on the
competition deadline, then thought no more of it.

For him, it was about a need to express something musically. "This started as a
way for me to document the kind of music I've been working on - old-time fiddle
tunes. One of the things I've always liked to do, slightly different from what I
do with the band."

Where the Jaybirds play the band's interpretation of traditional bluegrass "I'm
really a huge fan of old-time fiddle tunes and love to learn how to play them on
a banjo."

Not an easy feat, but his record makes it sound effortless, from its rollicking
version of "Cumberland Gap" to the folksy, toe-tapping tempo of "Too Young to
Marry" through the sense of finality that permeates "Cold Frosty Morning."

"I try to get exactly what the fiddle is doing and with a similar rhythmic feel.
It's pretty challenging, but I enjoy a challenge. And the goal is to create
something that sounds good."

His interest in recording started in the 1980s, on a four-track recorder when he
was with the band Son of Man.

He remembers pre-Grunge Seattle as a "really weird" time, recalling the time a
recording studio in the north Seattle house where he lived was used to record
Alice in Chains' first album. "There's a story, I don't know how true it is, but
they got an advance from a recording company and spent the money on beer," and
the band still needed a place to lay the tracks down.

Hornbuckle's elegant style is recognizable from all six Jaybirds albums, helping
to garner two Juno nominations.

As a key element in the Jaybirds' sound, Nick's unique two-finger picking
seamlessly bridges the gap between claw-hammer and (Earl) Scruggs style, to make
music that incorporates elements of bluegrass and old time, one reviewer said.

In 2005 Hornbuckle sold his Seattle home and moved his family to Nanaimo to work
full-time as a musician.

A banjo player since age "11 or 12," he has always pushed himself to do better,
staying home to play scales or work on patterns while his friends went out to
have fun. As he matured, he modeled himself after inspirational players like
Scruggs, while working to develop his own unique style.

"One thing I have learned over the years,.. if an artist is trying to make a
name for themselves, it's probably not the best thing to (be) an exact copy of
someone else," Hornbuckle said.

He said good music requires numerous elements: "It has to be good, unique,
original, something you can do at a drop of a hat - all those things."

Originally a three-finger picker, he developed his two-finger style out of
necessity from a medical condition that affects his use of one finger.

"I would love to play like everybody else, but I'm glad I don't. I have this
unique thing going on. As my mom would say, I've taken lemons and made
lemonade." His disk 12X2 has appearances by Emma Beaton, Shanti Bremer, Marisha
Devoin, John Reischman and Miriam Sonstenes, and is available for download at
nickhornbuckle.com.

The Canadian Folk Music Awards is Nov. 6-8 in Edmonton. This year's list of
nominees include three other local artists: Parksville's Annie Lou, nominated
for Traditional Singer of the Year, for Tried and True, original songs
influenced by the haunting flavours of old-time mountain, bluegrass, and
traditional country music, (ww.annielou.ca); the Comox Valley band Big Little
Lions for A Little Frayed, A Little Torn, for Ensemble of the Year
(www.biglittlelions.com) and The Harpoonist The Axe Murderer, - includes member
Shawn Hall who lives in Nanaimo for A Real Fine Mess, under New/Emerging Artist
of the Year (www.harpoonistaxemurderer.com).

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Youtube; Nanaimo musician Nick Hornbuckle is a favourite guest artist
on many albums, but his first solo record, '12x2 (+--1' has earned him his own
attention.;;  Musician Nick Hornbuckle first took up the banjo as a pre-teen.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday
                               Austin360 Edition

Old Settler's Music Festival

BYLINE: Peter Mongillo American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: A360; Pg. T11

LENGTH: 1047 words


On their 2009 album "Genuine Negro Jig," string music group Carolina Chocolate
Drops cover Blue Cantrell's 2001 hit pop R&B song "Hit 'Em Up Style," backed by
a sweetly whining fiddle, a choppy banjo part and a sparse bit of percussion.
That might sound like a novelty concept, but it's too precise, lead singer
Rhiannon Giddens' vocals are too good, the fiddle runs too sharp, to be
dismissed as such. Similarly, the band's work with beatboxing collaborator Adam
Matta, especially on their 2012 album "Leaving Eden" (produced by Buddy Miller)
does not seem out of place. Matta's percussive vocals tend to hide, only
revealing themselves after repeat listens - the modern technique moves beside
rather than opposes the band.

Founding member and multi-instrumentalist Dom Flemons, on the phone as the band
(currently a trio consisting of Flemons, Giddens and Hubby Jenkins) drove to a
show in Northampton, Mass., last week, explained the group's mission as a
balancing act.

"When you let it waver too much, it starts to sound like fusion music, which
isn't bad, but there is a distinct line between the two things," said Flemons,
who plays with the group Friday at Old Settler's Music Festival, which is
Thursday through Sunday. "It's something that people can hear and they can say,
'OK this is a bunch of different elements of music being brought together and it
sounds like its own thing; it doesn't just sound like old-time music with a
beatboxer on it.'"

Carolina Chocolate Drops' "old-time music" is rooted in the banjo-and-fiddle
string band tradition of North Carolina's Piedmont region. Flemons said that his
interest stemmed from a desire to find a larger audience for the music, which
was eclipsed by the string music of Appalachia.

Unlike fiddle-led string music of other regions, Flemons said, Piedmont string
band music is banjo driven. African-American musicians played a larger role, and
there is a focus on dancing. "The strength comes from the banjo having a strong
beat and laying the tune out, and the fiddle reinforces the melody as well as
riffs around the banjo's foundation."

The Carolina Chocolate Drops learned about string music from fiddler Joe
Thompson, who died in 2012. Thompson, learning the music through his father and
grandfather, was a link to the 19th century. "Joe is another piece of the puzzle
in that string band tradition," Flemons said. "When we got to learn from Joe, we
got to be a part of connecting a line of music that had spanned for quite a few
years."

Flemons said that the Carolina Chocolate Drops work to play string band music
that members of their audience who are familiar with the tradition will hear as
authentic. "What are people expecting?" Flemons said. "The people who know
better, they're going to be a little bit more critical, and those are the sorts
of people we focus on."

Just as with other types of folk and country music of the 19th and early 20th
centuries, North Carolina's string band tradition was open to outside influence,
Flemons said. In that sense, songs such as "Hit 'Em Up Style" maybe aren't so
out of place . "It doesn't really matter what song you're doing so much, as long
as you have certain elements that make the song sound right," he said.

As for what lies ahead, Flemons said that the group plans to continue on the
same trajectory. "We've only scratched the surface," Flemons said. "It'll be
great to delve deeper into the music, be able to pull out different elements
that will be an interest to people who want to know more about history and
culture and just be able to enjoy a good tune."

BOX:

More fest picks

Also playing this weekend at the Old Settler's Music Festival (see the full
schedule at oldsettlersmusicfest.org):

Son Volt (6:55 p.m. Friday, Hill Country Stage). Jay Farrar, a founding member
(along with Wilco's Jeff Tweedy) of early 1990s alt-country darlings Uncle
Tupelo, set out on his own with Son Volt, scoring something of a hit with the
song "Drown," which appeared on the band's 1995 debut, "Trace." Farrar has kept
the group alive through a series of lineup changes, recently releasing a new
album, "Honky Tonk," which focuses on the melodic twang of the Bakersfield
country sound.

The Del McCoury Band (8:30 p.m. Friday, Hill Country Stage). Among the biggest
names in the world of bluegrass and beyond, Del McCoury did time fronting Bill
Monroe's band for a short stint in the 1960s; he worked as a part-time musician
until the 1980s, when he rose to prominence, influencing musicians in his own
genre as well as acts including jam band Phish .

The Reivers (7:50 p.m. Saturday, Bluebonnet Stage). Former American-Statesman
music critic Michael Corcoran once wrote that "no one smashed the pane between
musicians and audience so jubilantly" as longtime Austin band the Reivers (once
known as Zeitgeist, and then the Reivers, and then Right or Happy, and then the
Reivers again). The band released a new album, "Second Story," in January after
a "brief hiatus of 22 years."

The James Hunter Six (5:40 p.m. Saturday, Hill Country Stage). British soul
singer James Hunter, who served as a member of Van Morrison's band for a time,
grew up in 1960s England with an eye (and ear) on American music of the time,
and it shows - it's hard not to hear the velvety style of Sam Cooke on tracks
such as "People Gonna Talk." Carolina Chocolate drops to open for Dave Matthews
Band

Dom Flemons of the Carolina Chocolate Drops on how opening for the Dave Matthews
Band differs from smaller club and theater shows: "It's got a different vibe to
it. It's pretty neat to see the big spectacle of the gigantic arena-style rock
show. It's hard to connect to people in the same sort of way, when you have
these 20,000-person crowds. It really becomes a different story. But it's a
thrill to play to a crowd that size."

The Carolina Chocolate Drops will open for Dave Matthews Band on May 21 at the
Austin360 Amphitheater. Old Settler's Music Festival

When: Thursday-Sunday

Where: The Salt Lick Pavilion and Camp Ben McCulloch, 18300 RM 1826, Driftwood

Cost: $60 single day ticket for Friday and Saturday; $25 Sunday; camping passes
(which include Thursday) sold out

Information: oldsettlersmusicfest.org

Carolina Chocolate Drops play the Old Settler's Music Festival at 7:35 p.m.
Friday on the Bluebonnet Stage.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved

                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                              July 24, 2011 Sunday

Fiddlin' around: Old Time Fiddlers group tries to keep tradition alive

BYLINE: By ROBIN EPLEY - Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 769 words


OROVILLE   Sitting in a circle, bow at the ready, a young woman calls out song
and key to her fellow musicians.

"Cripple Creek, A," she says. "As in Apple," she adds quickly, almost
sheepishly, after a look from her tutor.

The sound of her single fiddle is quickly joined by seven others, manned by
adults at least 10 to 40 years older than her. Two guitars and a banjo soon pick
up the bouncy dance tune as well. The song ends and another musician calls out a
second song, which is more plaintive, even lonesome, despite the number of
people in the room. The room is filled with the clear call of the Old West from
the storybooks. If you close your eyes and allow your mind to forget the folding
chair beneath you, it's easy to imagine the log cabin dance hall where these
songs could have entertained your great-grandparents.

Not every note is pitch perfect, but the audience doesn't care. It would be less
interesting if it were perfect. What really matters is the number of goosebumps
the lonesome sound of the bow across the strings can evoke.

These musicians are Oroville's Old Time Fiddlers, more officially known as the
California State Old Time Fiddlers Association, District 1.

Every March, fiddlers from across California flock to Oroville to compete in and
attend the annual state competition. Hundreds of fiddles, guitars, banjos and
even a harmonica or two can be heard echoing across the Municipal Auditorium.
Little children carry half-pint-sized fiddles that might just as easily been
made for their dolls.

But once a month, on the fourth Saturday, from 2 p.m. until 5 p.m., the players
of District 1 have their own event: a round-table jam session that grows within
an hour from a few fiddles and maybe a single guitar to a massive group of
fiddles, banjos, guitars and a whole host of people who brought toes to tap.

While you might think the Old Time Fiddlers are a group of people who could have
personally attended that old log cabin dance, there's a surprising amount of
younger faces in the crowd.

Recognizing that the traditions of the past cannot stay traditions without new
blood to carry them on, the Oroville fiddlers have a unique scholarship program.
Anyone who shows real interest in the art of fiddling and promises to attend the
jams and their lessons regularly can take free lessons. The cost is paid for by
the club through donations and the membership fees.

The CSOTFA began in Oroville more than 50 years ago, said club president Larry
Jendro. "It started from a group of country musicians who got together to jam,"
he said. "That's why they hold the contest here."

The purpose of the club is to "preserve and perpetuate" old-time fiddle music,
Jendro said. "We do that through regular jams, we provide fiddle scholarships
for people and we perform at community events."

He said the music gives them a "sense of our history," pointing out that you
couldn't just turn on the radio when you wanted to dance   someone had to know
how to play an instrument.

Because of the logistical problems of carrying pianos and other large
instruments across the prairie, or across an ocean from Europe, violins became
the instrument of choice. Small and compact, the westbound violins took on a
sound of their own and fiddle music was born.

"People always ask what's the difference between a violin and a fiddle," Jendro
said. "My favorite answer is that a violin sings and a fiddle dances."

Fiddle music was folk music intended for dancing, he said. A single song might
have several different names because of the musicians' aural-based ways of
learning new tunes. Waltzes, jigs and other forms of dance music all found a
place on the fiddle's roster.

Chas Hansen, 20, is one of the club's hopes to perpetuate the art form. He
picked up a fiddle a few months ago and began taking lessons through the
scholarship program. Eight lessons later and he was joining in with the other
musicians in calling out songs for the jam and then leading the group through
the tune.

"I think it's one of the prettiest sounds in all western music," Hansen said
during a break in the jam. "Just the emotion it evokes. Old-time music is
something that needs to be kept in tradition, so I think it's something that
young folks need to play."

He said it's still hard to jump into the music, and he's learning how to add
something to the overall sound when he doesn't know the song. "It's almost a
conversation without words," he said.

"I love the music and I love the hands-on experience," Hansen said. "I think the
best way to do that is to sit down and jam."

Staff writer Robin Epley can be reached at 896-7761 ore repley@chicoer.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bill Chilton sings and plays his fiddle during his turn to lead the Old
Time Fiddlers group on Sunday in the Oroville Municipal Auditorium. He said he
likes to play at what he calls the "senior citizen eating place" during the
week. (Ty Barbour/ Staff Photo) All Chico E-R photos are available here .
Ray Johnson, Brett Johnson and Old Time Fiddlers President Larry Jendro (from
left) play at the Oroville Municipal Auditorium on Sunday.(Ty Barbour/ Staff
Photo) All Chico E-R photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                             June 18, 2016 Saturday

Samantha Robichaud will perform at Empress Theatre

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 678 words


Over the course of the last decade and a half, Moncton fiddler Samantha
Robichaud has garnered well-deserved praise for her skillful mastery of the
fiddle, bringing her spirited performances to audiences throughout Canada, the
U.S. and beyond.

While her music has remained true to its Cape Breton and Acadian roots, her
sound has also evolved over that time, and has seen the musician incorporate a
distinct Americana influence to her work, which has helped broaden her sound
even more.

This Sunday afternoon at Moncton's Empress Theatre, Robichaud launches her
newest studio effort, the appropriately titled Simplicity. Now eight albums into
her career, the amiably chatty Robichaud says she sought to travel a new path
with her latest effort.

"Many of my albums in the past have seen my fiddle accompanied by a band -
guitar, drums, bass - which is always a lot of fun," she said. "With this new
album though, I wanted to create something that was a little more stripped down
and representative of the live show I am most often performing, which is
typically just me and a guitar. Throughout my career, I've played a number of
intimate shows, including some house concerts, but have never had a recording to
offer that was similar to the live show."

Simplicity stands in stark contrast to Robichaud's last studio effort, 2013's In
The Green Room, which paired a collection of her solo songs along with tracks
written by a host of her peers. Among the special guests included on that record
were some of Atlantic Canada's biggest musicians, including David Gunning, Thom
Swift, Matt Andersen, and Ashley MacIsaac.

Once the dust settled on that ambitious studio outing, Robichaud insists it made
sense to pare the recording down this time around.

"Even though we were working with less in terms of instrumentation this time
around, it gave me the opportunity to be a little more creative. Chris
[Colepaugh], my guitarist, is a master at providing a full, rhythmic sound,
while on the fiddle, I used a different bowing technique which gave the songs
more of a rhythmic feel as well. Rather than relying on percussion, we wanted
the rhythm of the album to portray what we were hearing and feeling with the
music," said Robichaud

At this point in her career, Robichaud has the finely tuned sense to know what
she wants from her music. She picked up the fiddle at age four, while as a teen,
she was a treasured member of the New Brunswick Youth Orchestra.

Since then, the notable performances have continued rolling in: Robichaud is one
of just a handful of New Brunswickers that can lay claim to having play
Nashville's legendary Grand Ole Opry and New York's Carnegie Hall. She has also
performed at a number of prestigious music festivals around the world, including
San Francisco's Hardly Strictly Bluegrass Festival, and has also played before
Queen Elizabeth II, Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall. Robichaud also
has the distinction of being the first female and the first Canadian to be
awarded the Daniel Pearl Memorial Violin, an award created in honour of the Wall
Street Journal reporter murdered by the Taliban in Pakistan in 2002.

Of course, playing music is merely one aspect of Robichaud's diverse set of
talents. The talented musician is a familiar face at numerous music industry
workshops and fiddle camps throughout the country, while also keeping busy
teaching fiddle to a roster of 50 students.

Together with her husband later this year, Robichaud will undertake one her
biggest projects to date with the fall arrival of a baby, which will naturally
push back plans to travel too far and wide in immediate support of Simplicity.

She is confident that she will be returning to the road sooner rather than
later, however.

"Right now, my focus is to launch the album and have people connect with it,"
she said. "There will be plenty of time for shows down the road."

Ken Kelley (musicnerd.ca) is a Moncton-based writer and music fanatic, Ken
Kelley is also a founding member of Moncton rock band The Monoxides
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Times &; Transcript (Moncton)

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 26, 2016 Thursday

Washington: 36th ANNUAL BANJO AND FIDDLE CONTEST SEPTEMBER 10th, 2016 AT
BOARDING HOUSE PARK

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Park Service has issued the following news release:



 Bust out your banjos, flex your fiddles, and come hang out at Boarding House
Park for a day of traditional music and family fun. The Banjo &Fiddle Contest
celebrates its 36th event on September 10, 2016, from 10:00AM to 6:00PM. The
event is free for contestants, as well as all traditional music fans who'd like
to come and listen. Never been to a banjo and fiddle contest before? Bring your
lawn chairs and settle in to watch the friendly competition and get in touch
with our country's musical roots.





 At Lowell National Historical Park, we honor the connections between past and
present. At the Banjo &Fiddle Contest, we invite you to come celebrate musical
heritage. The repertoire of tunes played during the Contest is what Folklorists
refer to as traditional music--music practiced by groups of people who share a
common ethnic heritage, geographic region, or way of life. Tunes are shared
within families and communities and are passed on over generations.



 Come for the fiddles, stay for the fun! We'll have jam sessions and music
workshops 10AM-noon, and then a whole afternoon full of music and community.



 Boarding House Park Location: 40 French Street, Lowell, MA



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                                 June 30, 2001

TOMORROW'S PEOPLE: 'BOOMERANG' FIGHTING TO KEEP FIDDLE MUSIC ALIVE IN HIGHLANDS;
POWER TO YOUR ELBOW RUAIRIDH

BYLINE: BY SHANE McGARVEY

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 322 words


IF you happen to walk through Inverness on a Saturday and find your spirits
lifted by the sound of a fiddle player, the chances are it will be Ruairidh
Macmillan, busking to pay his way to the Valley of the Moon fiddle school in
California next summer.

He knows his chances of getting there will be improved if he wins the Daily
Express/British Gas Tomorrow's People competition, for which there is a GBP
2,500 first prize in each category. And it's not too late for you to enter
either.

At the age of 10, Ruairidh (pronounced Rory ) went shopping one morning armed
with just enough pocket money to hire a half-size fiddle and pay for some
lessons.

He enrolled at Balnain House, then the home of traditional Scottish music and
with a skill and determination rarely seen in children in these days, Ruairidh
rose through the ranks to become an advanced student and teacher. He is 13 years
old.

Balnain House closed but the Inverness youngster has been battling to have
traditional Scottish music taught in schools, says his mother, Patricia, who
nominated him. "Ruairidh has had classical strings tuition at school but you
would think the schools would want to keep the traditional music alive too, "
she says. "The teachers are all classicaltrained and occasionally you will get
one who is into the traditional fiddle music, but it is very rare."

In the meantime Ruairidh performs at every opportunity and his confidence knows
no bounds. "He is the only youngster playing with the Inverness Fiddlers, " says
Patricia. "They invited him to tour of Poland with them.

"They played eight concerts in a week all over the country and they would give
Ruairidh some time to himself to go off and look at different things, but tell
him 'Be back in 15 minutes' and he always was. They called him Boomerang,
because he always came back."

Don't miss your chance to enter. See the panel on the left for full details.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2001 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS

                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                            March 16, 2011 Wednesday

Just fiddling around with music: Musicians jam at Centennial Culture Center

BYLINE: By BARBARA ARRIGONI - Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 410 words


OROVILLE   It was nearly impossible to keep still Wednesday with the lively
sounds of stringed instruments resounding through the Centennial Culture Center
in the afternoon.

The sounds were from fiddle, banjo, guitar, mandolin and bass musicians who
gathered to play and kick off activities for the 45th annual California Old Time
Fiddle and Picking Championship.

Wednesday's event was supposed to be at Centennial Plaza, but was moved due to
inclement weather.

An audience of two dozen people, some of them fiddlers, listened as Oroville
fiddler Larry Jendro, his wife Merrily Stover and others made foot-stomping,
hand-clapping music.

"The whole purpose of this is to welcome fiddlers from outside the area," said
Jendro before launching into a new tune and inviting others to join in.

Two women from the audience did. Kathy Kampshmidt of Willows, and Nicky Carlisle
of Stringtown, whipped out their own fiddles, stood beside a table, and played
along. The two, both judges for the championship, later joined the ensemble of
musicians already at the microphone.

During a break from playing, Jendro talked briefly about the upcoming events.

Today, musicians will play during a mini street faire from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. at
Myers Street, between Montgomery and Bird streets and at a St. Patrick's Day
dinner at the adjacent senior center.

Tonight, there will be a traditional gospel jamming event starting at 5:30 p.m.
at the Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers Street.

Jendro, who said he's played fiddle for about six years, explained
tongue-in-cheek the difference between a violin and a fiddle.

"A violin has four strings, a fiddle has four strangs," he said with a grin and
a twang.

However, Jendro added other differences. He said the bridge of a fiddle is a
little flatter than a violin bridge. Also, a fiddle has individual tuners that
are "sometimes tuned completely different for different styles of music."

Jendro said the purpose of the championship is to preserve and perpetuate
old-time fiddle music.

"We do it in a number of ways: We participate in the community at events and we
sponsor scholarships for people interested in learning to play," he said.

Jendro said anyone interested in learning can call him at 533-1413.

The fiddling and picking competition begins Friday at Municipal Auditorium and
ends Saturday.

All events are free and open to the public, but donations are accepted.

Staff writer Barbara Arrigoni can be reached at 533-3136 or
barrigoni@orovillemr.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Musicians Gary Lindberg, Merrily Stover, Larry Jendro, Scott Girgoruk
and Teddy Cochran (from left) play during a jam Wednesday at the Centennial
Culture Center in Oroville. (Barbara Arrigoni/Staff Photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 17, 2011 Thursday

Contra dance features Coyote Hill Band

BYLINE: Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 284 words


March 17--Local ensemble Coyote Hill will provide live music and caller Karen
Wilson-Bell from Spokane will instruct the dancers at a Palouse Folklore Society
conta dance on Saturday.

Coyote Hill is a high-energy ensemble featuring John McInturff on fiddle his
son, Bennett, on guitar, Kris Parker on piano and Mike Haberman on mandolin.

Coyote Hill provides a lively blend of classic American fiddle tunes, some
French Canadian and Celtic jigs and reels, as well as some original tunes
written by McInturff and Haberman.

McInturff, Haberman and Parker have played together for years, mainly as the
Hired Hands bluegrass band. Bennett is in his first year of high school and has
played with the group the last couple of years.

Bennett came up with the name for the band, inspired both by the real Coyote
Hill near the McInturff home and the fiddle tune of the same name written by his
dad.

For every new dancer PFS members bring to Saturday's contra dance, their name
will be entered into a lottery for two free passes to any regular PFS monthly
dance in 2011.

More information is available at http://www.palousefolk.org.

If you go

WHAT: Palouse Folklore Society contra dance featuring the Coyote Hill band and
caller Karen Wilson-Bell

WHEN: 7:30 p.m. Saturday

WHERE: Moscow 1912 Center, 412 E. Third St.

COST: $ 5 PFS members; $7 non-members; $4 first-timers

To see more of the Moscow-Pullman Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.dnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Moscow-Pullman Daily News,
Moscow, Idaho Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110317-1MW-Contra-dance-features-Coyote-Hill-Band-0317-20110317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                    Copyright 2011 Moscow-Pullman Daily News

                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Harlan Daily Enterprise, Ky.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 14, 2013 Sunday

Tomlinson hopes to be Grand Ole Opry star

BYLINE: Nola Sizemore, Harlan Daily Enterprise, Ky.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 425 words


July 14--Hopefully on her way to becoming a star of the Grand Ole Opry,
15-year-old fiddle player Natalie Elizabeth Tomlinson has begun her journey to
accomplish her dreams.

A student of Clara Pope for the past eight years, Natalie began music lessons
when her parents insisted she take violin and learn classical music.

"I didn't enjoy classical music, but here and there Mrs. Pope would let me learn
some fiddle tunes and that's when I really began to like music," said Tomlinson.
"When I was 11 years old, I wanted to learn the Charlie Daniels song, 'When the
Devil Went Down to Georgia' and I didn't quit until I did. It's a classic fiddle
song."

Playing at church, recitals and festivals with other bands, Natalie also
performed "My Old Kentucky Home" and other fiddle tunes for Gov. Steve Beshear
in 2011. She performed on the WMMT-Appalshop radio station in 2012 for an hour
on the "Sweet Tater" show. She has gone on to compete in a fiddler competition
in Clarksville, Tenn. in 2013.

"This year in March, I was able to play 'Tennessee Waltz' on the stage at the
Ryman Auditorium in Nashville, Tenn., home of the original Grand Ole Opry," said
Tomlinson. "In April, I made a music video for singer, songwriter and television
personality Bill Anderson and he replied by letter saying, 'You are a very
talented young lady and I'm sure it won't be long until you are appearing on the
Grand Ole Opry.' I was thrilled."

Tomlinson said her ambition is to perform on the stage of the Grand Ole Opry.

"I just want to pursue a career in music," said Tomlinson. "When I play my
fiddle it makes me happy. I think of all the country and bluegrass stars on the
stage of the Grand Ole Opry and I want to be up there with them."

Natalie is not only a fiddler, but she also "picks a little guitar."

"I hope one day to see my name in lights as a country and bluegrass fiddler
star," said Tomlinson. "This is my dream and what I'm working toward."

The only child of John Bill and Pam Tomlinson, of Putney, her mother said
Natalie was a "miracle baby" weighing only 1 pound and 13 ounces when she was
born premature.

"We are very proud of our Natalie," her mother said. "She is a very talented
young lady."

Tomlinson is the granddaughter of Parnell and Bonnie Turner, of Jones Creek, and
Charles and Beverly Tomlinson, of Evarts.

Reach Nola Sizemore at 606-573-4510, ext. 115, nsizemore@civitasmedia.com

___ (c)2013 the Harlan Daily Enterprise (Harlan, Ky.) Visit the Harlan Daily
Enterprise (Harlan, Ky.) at http://www.harlandaily.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130714-KZ-Tomlinson-hopes-to-be-Grand-Ole-Opry-star-0714-20130714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KZ


                  Copyright 2013 Harlan Daily Enterprise, Ky.

                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             March 15, 2013 Friday

What's happening today in the north valley

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 1828 words


Events

Chapman Farmers Market: 2-5 p.m. 16th and C streets, down from Dorothy Johnson
Center, Chico. Fresh foods, free garden exchange, CNAP (food stamp) EBT
accepted. Free stall spaces for produce growers, crafters, social service
groups. Sponsored by cChaos, nonprofit nutrition and lifestyle education
organization. Year-round, rain or shine. 624-8844 orwww.cChaos.org .

47th annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and Picking
Championship, Oroville: 3 p.m. Opening ceremony and Fiddle Division;
Senior-senior (70 and older); Senior (60-69). Awards at 5:50 p.m. Schedules,
rules and registration forms at Houser's Music or Auditorium in Oroville; or
print fromwww.orovilleoldtimefiddlers.com . Free admission, donations
appreciated. Food sold. Oroville Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St. Musicians
from across California will compete; the Old Time fiddle Association
organization covers 10 districts, from Redding to San Diego. Also Saturday.

Avenue 9 Gallery: 5-8 p.m. Reception showcasing work by Chico State art
students, "From the Trenches."www.avenue9gallery.com .

Chico Art Center: 7-9 p.m. Reception for 9th annual "Discovery Series!" Creative
Fusion exhibition of 115 works of art by students from PV and Chico high
schools, Chico, Marsh and Bidwell junior high schools, Fair View, Marsh and
Inspire School of the Arts; refreshments. 450 Orange St. in Chico's train depot;
895-8726.

Performance

California Music Educator's Region III Choral Music Festival: 8 a.m.- 4 p.m. at
Bidwell Presbyterian Church. School choirs sing for judges, receive
instantaneous feedback. Many schools will participate, but Chico Junior High and
Chico High schools are the only local groups; Chico Junior High, 8:20 a.m.;
Chico High A Cappella Choir, 9:40 a.m.; Chico High Mixed Chorus, 2 p.m. Free to
public. Sue Delgardo, 891-3026, ext. 322.

Chico Theater Company: 7:30 p.m. "Father of the Bride," set in the 1950s in the
home of the bride with the same theme as the novel and movie, but it is mostly
about the family and how the wedding affects the household. 166 Eaton Road.
Tickets $20 adults, $12 children 12 and younger; box office, 894-3282
orwww.chicotix.com .

Birdcage Theatre, Oroville: 7:30 p.m. "Proof," 2-act play captures grief,
sibling rivalry, romantic tension and a struggle with mental illness through a
present day family in Chicago. Language may not be suitable for younger
audiences. Tickets $15 adults, $7 preteens (Thursdays 2 for 1). 1740 Bird St.
533-2473.

Harlen Adams Theatre, Chico State: First of two-day annual Chico Bach Festival:
7:30 p.m. Selections from Bach's "Clavierbungen III," known as the German Organ
Mass, on the Centennial pipe organ by Angela Kraft Cross. Presented by Chico
State Department of Music and Theatre. Advance tickets $15 adult, $13 seniors,
$6 children/students; add $2 if purchased at door. University Box Office,
898-6333. Information, David Scholz, 898-5152.

Music/Nightclubs

Cafe Coda: 8 p.m. Funky St. Patty's with Mojo Green and Alli Battaglia.

Cafe Flo: 7-10 p.m. Low Flying Birds. $5. All ages.

End Zone: 9 p.m.-midnight. Live music by Chuck Epperson Jr. Band. Ongoing.

Feather Falls Casino Brewing Co., Oroville: 9 p.m. Chad Bushnell, with his
four-piece band, play old and new country music, NorCal style. $5 cover. 21+.

Holiday Inn: 9 p.m.-close. Karaoke at 685 Manzanita Court. Ongoing.

Maltese Bar: Dirty Talk, LBGTQ dance party. Ongoing.

Miners Ranch Saloon, Oroville: 8:30 p.m.-midnight, Karaoke. Ongoing.

Montgomery Street Pub, Oroville: DJ and dancing. Ongoing.

Senator Theatre: 7:30 p.m. doors. Floater. $15 advance, $18 at door.

The Bungalow Bar, Gridley: 8 p.m. Blues Jam with singer Pinkie Rideau,
keyboardist Brad Evans and their Mutual Admiration Society. Bring instruments
and sit in with band for some songs. 21+. No cover. Non-drinkers welcome.
846-4111. Second Friday.

Community

Blood Drive: 7 a.m.-2 p.m. Friday. BloodSource, 555 Rio Lindo Ave., Chico.
893-5433. Weekly.

Temporary Restraining Order help: Call in advance to assure a counselor will be
available; 330 Wall St., Suite 50. 343-7711. For victims of domestic violence.
Free. Sponsored by Catalyst Domestic Violence Services. 1-800-895-8476.
Weekdays.

Butte County Historical Society Archives: 9 a.m.-noon. 2335 Baldwin Ave.,
Oroville. $3 per person per day to research. 533-9418.

Missionaries to the Unborn: 9 a.m.-noon. Public property, 1469 Humboldt Road,
Chico. Pray for unborn children. 891-0427. Weekly.

Chico Air Museum: 9 a.m.-4 p.m. At Chico Municipal Airport adjacent to the
tower, consists of two areas: An enclosed one-acre park with 11 aircraft and
several airport-type vehicles; and an indoor museum with four rooms of historic
displays, a library and a gift shop. Heated in the fall and winter,
air-conditioned during the warm months. Open Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Free,
donations appreciated. School tours weekdays by advance appointment. 170 Convair
Ave. 345-6468 during open hours;www.chicoairmuseum.org . Weekly.

Butte County Historical Society Museum: 9 a.m.-noon. 1735 Spencer St., Oroville.
Admission by donation. Archives behind museum open Thursdays, Fridays, 9
a.m.-noon; $3 per person per day to research, 2335 Baldwin Ave. 533-9418. Also
Saturday 11 a.m.-3 p.m.

Toddler Story time: 10 a.m.,11 a.m. Stories and songs for ages 3 and younger.
Chico library, 1108 Sherman Ave., 891-2762. Weekly.

Story time: 10 a.m. Gridley Library, 299 Spruce St. 846-3323. Weekly.

Story time and craft: 11 a.m. for children 3-5 years. Paradise Library, 5922
Clark Rd. 872-6320. Weekly.

Valene L. Smith Museum of Anthropology: 11 a.m.-3 p.m. "Infinity and Beyond:
Humanity's Quest to Explore Space" draws from scientific discovery and
anthropological understandings to explore the first humans' observations of the
skies to the modern space program. Merian Library Complex, Chico State
University. 898-5397. Tuesday through Saturday.

Chico Creek Nature Center: 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Interpretive center for Bidwell Park.
Nature exhibits, living animals, public programs. Howard Tucker Exhibit Hall on
premises 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Friday through Sunday. 1968 E. Eighth St.
891-4671,bidwellpark.org . Wednesdays through Sundays.

Chico Museum: Noon-4 p.m. at 141 Salem St. "I Love Chico" exhibit is open again
through June 2, featuring artwork created in varied mediums by local artisans.
891-4336. Wednesday through Sunday. Weekly.

Pinochle Games: 1-4 p.m. Community Center, 545 Vallombrosa Ave., Chico. Weekly.

Free lunch: Noon-1:30 p.m. Paradise Lutheran Church, 780 Luther Drive. 877-3549.
Weekly.

Gateway Science Museum: Noon-5 p.m. Wednesday through Sunday. "Sportsology,"
interactive, bilingual exploration of science behind sports; test athletic
abilities, measure your vertical leap and more (traveling exhibition of
ScienceWorks Hands-on Museum). Also "Brain Teasers 2" with 21 new hands-on
puzzles (traveling exhibit produced by Oregon Museum of Science and Industry).
$6 for adults, $3 for children 3 to 17 years. Gateway Science Museum, 625 The
Esplanade. Exhibits go through May 5. "Explaining Creativity Through the
Collection of Reed Applegate," in the James W. Cornyn Valley Gallery, in
conjunction with the Museum of Northern California (MonCA). Runs through Aug. 18

Fair Trade Steering Committee: 1-2:30 p.m. Chico Peace & Justice Center, 526
Broadway. 893-9078. Weekly.

Roseleaf Gardens: 3:30-4:30 p.m. Happy Hour jam session for musicians young and
old at 2770 Sierra Ladera Lane, California Park. Kim Vickers leads the jams and
a new song is taught at the end of each gathering. Appetizers, drinks.
Fundraiser for Alzheimer's Association and Passages of Chico. 514-4646. Weekly.

Love Chapmantown Coalition: 6 p.m. Subud Hall, 574 E. 16th St. 781-4676. Third
Friday.

Durham Library: 6 p.m. Karaoke for all ages, at 2545 Durham-Dayton Highway.

Pinochle Games: 7 p.m. Community Center, 545 Vallombrosa Ave., Chico. Weekly.
Also Mondays.

Dance

Chico Creek Dance Center: 8 p.m. International folk dancing. No partner needed.
Teaching for the first hour, followed by request dancing. Admission $2. 1144 W.
First St. 345-8134. Weekly.

Studio One: East Coast Swing taught by Luke Scherba, 8-9 p.m. Dance 9
p.m.-midnight.www.studiooneballroom.com for schedule. $10 general, $8
seniors/students. 707 Wall St. Ongoing.

Clubs

High 12 Club: Noon. Sierra Sunrise Terrace Lodge, Chico. Weekly.

Duplicate Bridge: 12:30 p.m. Open game. Bidwell Bridge Studio, 965 Salem St.,
Chico. 891-8942. Weekly. (Also Mondays and Tuesdays)

Golden Empire Amateur Radio Society: Social 6:30 p.m.; general meet 7 p.m.;
board of directors meet follows. Butte County Search and Rescue building, 2591
Morrow Lane, Chico. Gene Wright, wa6zrt, 345-3515. Third Friday.

Health, emotional support

Alcoholics Anonymous: Chico Central   6:30 a.m., noon, 5:30 p.m., 7 p.m. 1102
Mangrove Ave., Chico; Mom's Alcoholics Anonymous   Noon, 5:30 and 8 p.m. 2109
Esplanade, Suite 110, Chico. Meet times, locations or to talk to recovering
alcoholic, 342-5756.www.aabutte-glenn.org . Weekly.

Widowers Social Breakfast: 9 a.m. Kalico Kitchen, 2396 The Esplanade, Chico.
Booth No. 5. Weekly.

Paradise Hospice Brunch Bunch: 9:30-11 a.m. Cozy Diner, 6371 Skyway, Paradise.
Support to anyone who has lost a loved one. 877-8755. Weekly.

Chico Neuropathy Support: 10 a.m.-noon, 6 p.m. Challenges, speakers, ways to
stay active while experiencing pain or numbness. Enloe Conference Center, 1528
The Esplanade. 228-4701. Third Friday.

Narcotics Anonymous: Noon, 6:30 p.m, 8 p.m. 2109 The Esplanade, Suite 120,
Chico; 5:30 p.m. Bethel AME, 821 Linden St. 24-hour hotline: 877-6361. Weekly.

Narcotics Anonymous: noon, 701 Main St. Chico Unified Group. 1-877-669-1669.
Weekly.

Overeaters Anonymous, Step Study: Noon-1 p.m. First Christian Church, 295 E.
Washington St., Chico. 892-1417. Weekly.

Al-Anon: Families of alcoholics. Chico: 1:30 p.m. First Christian Church, 295 E.
Washington Ave., Room 5; Paradise: Noon. The Alano Club, 7786 Skyway.
342-5756.www.al-anon.alateen.org . Weekly.

Narcotics Anonymous: 1:30 p.m., 1297 Park Ave. "Discover and Recover."
1-877-669-1669. Weekly.

Grief Support Widowed Friends: 2 p.m. Cornucopia restaurant, 515 Montgomery St.,
Oroville. Sponsored by Scheer Memorial Chapel. Weekly.

Living Sober: 5:30 p.m. Study of the Big Book, 1321 Robinson St., Oroville.
Smoke free. Weekly.

Narcotics Anonymous: 5:30 p.m., 821 Linden. Bidwell group. 877-669-1669. Weekly.

Celebrate Recovery: 7-9 p.m. Aldersgate United Methodist Church, 2869 Cohasset
Road, Chico. 12-step Christ-centered study groups; overcome hurts, habits,
hang-ups, self-destructive behaviors. 893-8640. Weekly.

Narcotics Anonymous: 7:30 p.m., 1341 W. Fourth St. "Life on Life's Terms."
1-877-669-1669. Weekly.

Sports to watch

College women's basketball   NCAA Championship Tournament, West Regional, TBA.

To see what's happening Saturday in the north valley, go tochicoer.com/lifestyle
. Tell more people about your event by using our online calendar.
Visithttp://calendar.chicoer.com/listings and follow the easy instructions.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Fiddle festival Friday

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 142 words


Fiddle festival today, Saturday

The ninth annual Arthur A. Link Fiddle Festival will take place Friday and
Saturday, March 11-12, at the Former Governors' Mansion State Historic Site.

Everaldo Martinez, concertmaster for the Bismarck Mandan Symphony, will speak
about the music that influenced him as a young musician at 7 p.m. Friday.
Saturday's events begin at noon with a performance by John Lardinois, also known
as Fiddlin' Johnny. Performances by local string students begin at 12:30 p.m.
with a Strolling Strings concert at 3:30 p.m. All are free to the public, but
seating will be limited. Freewill donations will be accepted to fund future
festivals.

The event concludes with a free concert at 7 p.m. Saturday at the North Dakota
Heritage Center and State Museum, featuring Fiddlin' Johnny, select string
students and the Frog Holler String Band.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Tennessee Mafia Jug To Perform At KASU Bluegrass Monday, March 23

LENGTH: 664  words

DATELINE: Jonesboro


Arkansas State University has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Mafia Jug Band will perform a concert on Monday, March 23, at 7
p.m. at the Collins Theatre, 120 West Emerson Street, in downtown Paragould. The
concert is part of the Bluegrass Monday concert series presented by KASU 91.9
FM, the 100,000-watt public broadcasting service of Arkansas State University.
KASU will literally "pass the hat" to collect money to pay the group. The
suggested donation is $5 per person.

Because of the large crowd expected for this concert, KASU will distribute
tickets beginning at 5 p.m. on the evening of the concert at the Collins
Theatre. Concertgoers must be present in order to receive a ticket that will
guarantee a seat in the theatre. Specific seating will then be first-come,
first-served for those holding tickets.

The Tennessee Mafia Jug Band presents "a blast from the past," a style of music
and comedy that recalls old-time country musicians and television programs like
Hee Haw. The musicians in the band wear costumes, incorporate props into their
shows, tell corny jokes and present slapstick, family-friendly comedy. The
band's stage show is inspired by a comic-relief feature from the Roy Acuff show
called "Pap and the Jug Band."

Musically, the Tennessee Mafia Jug Band is influenced by Stringbean, Grandpa
Jones, Roy Acuff, and Uncle Dave Macon. The band has appeared numerous times on
the Grand Ole Opry and on the Marty Stuart Show on RFD-TV. The group also has
produced four CDs.

In the band, Leroy Troy plays banjo and a variety of unique accessories
including washboard, duck call and bicycle bell. As a youngster, Troy was
mentored in old-time country music and entertaining by Roy Acuff and Cordell
Kemp. He was a regular on Hee Haw for two years, appearing as the character
"Billy Bob." Troy also appears each week on the Marty Stuart Show on RFD-TV. He
has been given numerous awards and commendations for his efforts in preserving
old-time country music.

Dan Kelly plays fiddle for the Tennessee Mafia Jug Band. Kelly has won numerous
fiddle contests, including the Grand Masters Fiddle Championship in Nashville.
He has played fiddle in the bands of Roy Acuff, Pam Tillis, Alan Jackson, Faith
Hill and Clint Black.

Ernie Sykes plays upright bass for the band. Sykes played bass in Bill Monroe's
Blue Grass Boys as well as in the Lonesome River Band and the Bluegrass
Cardinals.

Mike Armistead sings and plays guitar in the group. Along with Troy, Armistead
was featured on the Outsiders Inn, a comedy series broadcast on the Country
Music Television (CMT) cable channel. Armistead serves as the band's booking
agent, and he also serves the city of Nashville as a member of the fire
department.

Mike Webb plays Dobro steel guitar in the Tennessee Mafia Jug Band. Webb was a
student of long-time Roy Acuff collaborator Bashful Brother Oswald. Oswald's
widow gave Webb her husband's Dobro and banjo, both of which Webb continues to
play. Webb has also appeared regularly on the Cumberland Highlanders program on
RFD-TV.

More information about the band is available at www.tennesseemafiajugband.com.

In addition to the concert, Terry's Café, 201 South Pruett Street in Paragould,
opens on Bluegrass Monday nights to welcome bluegrass music fans. The café
serves a catfish buffet meal beginning at 4:30 p.m. on the evenings of Bluegrass
Monday concerts. Concessions will also be available at the Collins Theatre.

Bluegrass Monday concerts are held on the fourth Monday night of each month.
These concerts are presented with support from Bibb Chiropractic, the Posey
Peddler, Holiday Inn Express and Suites of Paragould, the Northeast Arkansas
Bluegrass Association and KASU.

For more information, contact KASU program director Marty Scarbrough at
mscarbro@astate.edu or 870-972-2367. Bluegrass Monday is also on Facebook
(search "Bluegrass Monday").

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           January 22, 2009 Thursday

Quebe sisters to stop in Utah

BYLINE: By Anna Kartashova Clos-up Staff

SECTION: ZONE

LENGTH: 240 words


Utah Cultural Celebration Centers presents the Quebe Sisters Band's concert
Monday in honor of the 25th anniversary of National Cowboy Poetry Gathering.

The band will be passing through Salt Lake City on its way to the gathering in
Elko, Nev., and will make a stop at UCCC as part of its WorldStage! winter
concert series. The center rearranged its concert schedule to book the sisters,
said Michael Christensen, UCCC folklorist.

The Quebe Sisters Band is a nationally known western swing fiddle quintet from
Fort Worth, Texas. Members include sisters Grace, Sophia and Hulda Quebe
(pronounced kway-bee) on fiddles, Joey McKenzie on rhythm guitar and Drew Phelps
on upright bass.

"They're remarkable singers and musicians, and it will be a wonderful show,"
Christensen said.

The concert will take place at 7:30 p.m. inside UCCC's Great Hall and will last
for about 90 minutes. The center will accommodate 400 to 450 people on
first-come-first-serve basis, but can enlarge the occupancy if the crowd is
larger than that, Christen said.

"If you're not familiar with [the Quebe Sisters Band], this is a great chance to
come and meet the premiere fiddle group in the country," he said. See the show

The Utah Cultural Celebration Center is located at 1355 W. 3100 South. Admission
is free.

Find out more

For more information on WorldStage! winter concert series or exhibits, call the
UCCC at 801-965-5100 or visit its Web site www.culturalcelebration.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo courtesy of QSB Entertainment.The Quebe Sisters Band will perform
at the Utah Cultural Celebration Center on Monday at 7:30 p.m.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 16, 2016 Thursday

Local native set for Country Fest's main stage

BYLINE: Emily Miels, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 584 words


June 16--Musician Jimmy Herman's early days at Country Fest were much like many
festival attendees' experience.

"My parents used to take me to Country Fest almost since it started," said
Herman, a native of the Trempealeau County community of Pleasantville. "Year
after year we'd get the lawn chairs and have our binoculars and watch."

As he grew older and honed his musical skills on the fiddle and other
instruments, he performed in the beer tent with a band called Marshall Star and
opened up on the main stage in an early slot, he said.

This year when Herman attends Country Fest, he'll perform alongside
award-winning vocalist Carrie Underwood in the Saturday night headlining slot.

"That's pretty surreal," he said.

Herman, 34, has performed alongside Underwood on guitar, fiddle, mandolin,
banjo, bouzouki and background vocals since 2008.

The opportunity to join Underwood's band was somewhat of a lucky break, he said.

He was performing alongside another artist at Country USA in Oshkosh, and
Underwood was headlining. He met Underwood's bandleader and had a conversation
with him that only lasted a few minutes.

"We didn't exchange contact info or nothing, and then four months later I
randomly get this call from her bandleader," said Herman, who now lives in
Nashville, Tenn.

Throughout his career, Herman has showcased his musical talents at numerous
awards shows and television shows, including the Grammy Awards, Billboard Music
Awards, CMA Awards, "Saturday Night Live" and "American Idol."

Herman said personal career highlights include performing with Aerosmith lead
singer Steven Tyler, performances at the Royal Albert Hall in London and the
Sydney Opera House, and the Concert for Valor in Washington, D.C.

"Sometimes I go home and I still don't even know how I got to where I am now,"
he said. "There was never one pivotal moment. It was just a cumulative of going
through paying your dues and playing the gigs."

Herman grew up watching his father, who played in a classic country and polka
band, and said he was always drawn to country music.

He first began talking about playing the fiddle at age 2, his mother, Connie,
said.

"He started playing when he was 4, and very few moments of his life have been
without a fiddle in his hand," she said, noting he played it while walking
around outside and even while watching cartoons.

"Not many people know at 2 years old what they want to do with their life and
succeed at it," she added with a chuckle, noting it's kind of "overwhelming" and
"unbelievable" to watch him perform now.

Herman later picked up the guitar as well and played in his dad's band and other
top 40 and classic rock bands from about age 7 through high school.

It was always a dream to move to Nashville, Herman said, ever since he was a
youngster attending school in Whitehall.

"I didn't give myself a plan B," Herman said. "Since I was a kid I always wanted
to move to Nashville."

For aspiring musicians, Herman encouraged them to go for their dreams.

"If you want it that bad, it will happen. Just position yourself in the places
you need to be," he said. "The reality is God will put you where you need to
be."

Also, keep practicing and performing, he said.

"Just because you play main stage at Country Fest doesn't mean you can quit
practicing," he said.

Contact: 715-833-9214, emily.miels@ecpc.com, @EMiels_LT on Twitter

___ (c)2016 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160616-EW-Local-native-set-for-Country-Fest-s-main-stage-0616-20160616

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2016 The Leader-Telegram

                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 30, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

MUSIC;
Carrying On a Bluegrass Tradition The Only Way She Knows How

BYLINE: By BILL SYKEN

SECTION: Section 14NJ; Page 11; Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 625 words


WITH a bottle of wine, a box of takeout fried chicken and a basket of laundry to
do, it sounded as if the fiddler Natalie MacMaster was settled in for a humdrum
evening in her apartment in Halifax, Nova Scotia.

She sounded a bit giddy, though, and you couldn't blame her. Ms. MacMaster, who
is to appear on Saturday at the 27th annual Delaware Valley Bluegrass Festival
in Salem County, had just returned from a European tour that she said had gone
exceptionally well. She played a higher level of festivals than on previous
visits to the Continent, often as the headliner. By the end of her last show, in
Belgium, "2,500 Belgian men were chanting my name." She said she had no idea
why, making the remark with an amused giggle that suggests she might not
actually know.

Ms. MacMaster, 26, is just one of 17 acts, ranging from the headliner, the
guitarist Doc Watson, to regulars in the genre, like the Del McCoury Band, the
Country Gentlemen, Quicksilver and Front Range, appearing at this year's
festival. She has opened for Carlos Santana in front of 80,000 fans in
Chattanooga, Tenn., done commercials for a chain of coffee shops in Canada and
appeared on Garrison Keillor's "Prairie Home Companion." Buy a car in certain
parts of Canada, and it will come with a Natalie MacMaster compact disc.

Despite her recent successes, she has a modesty about her, maybe because she
understands that her act is as much about where she comes from as it is about
her.

Ms. MacMaster is from Cape Breton, and she plays the fiddle. Up there, in the
northernmost stretch of Nova Scotia, a lot of people play the fiddle. They have
a distinctive style, and she sticks to it.

This Delaware Valley show will be the first all-bluegrass festival she has ever
played. But she has no intention of tailoring her act to this audience or this
crowd.

"I won't do anything different," she said. "I don't have anything different to
do."

The Cape Breton style, basically Scottish-style fiddling, wouldn't really have
trouble fitting in anyway. Ms. MacMaster mixes traditional jigs and reels with
more contemporary music. In her high-energy performances, she often step-dances
around the stage, another typical Cape Breton move.

Hearing her tell her story, you see why a bluegrass festival organizer would
want to put her on the bill. Like bluegrass, her fiddle music has a roots sound
strangely unencumbered by outside influences. She argues that Cape Breton
fiddling is actually closer to the old-time music than modern Scottish fiddling
is. "I find Cape Breton music more earthy, more forceful, more powerful, more
rhythmic," she said. "It's dirtier; it's got more real life to it."

Fiddle music was all around when she was growing up in Cape Breton. Towns often
held weekend festivals built around it. It would be played at square dances in
the town hall. Her mother always played tapes of fiddle music -- not the kind of
tapes you by at the mall record store, but homemade ones, often recorded
impromptu at some party or social gathering.

Ms. MacMaster has been playing this music onstage since she was 14, and she
wants to stay true to the tradition, for commercial reasons as much as any
other. She hears many different sounds when she plays folk festivals, and it
gives her all kinds of ideas about things she would like to try. But she
believes she has to stick to what she grew up with.

"There's nobody else really touring that's a Cape Breton fiddler," she said.
"There's only one place to get it, and that's in Cape Breton. It's what makes me
what I am."

DELAWARE VALLEY BLUEGRASS FESTIVAL
Salem County Fair Grounds
Route 40, near Woodstown
Friday, 2 to 11 P.M.; Saturday, noon to midnight; Sunday, 10 A.M. to 6 P.M.
(302) 475-3454

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: The Cape Breton fiddler Natalie MacMaster will be among the
stars at the 27th annual Delaware Valley Bluegrass Festival in Salem County next
weekend. The festival also features Doc Watson, left, and the Del McCoury Band.

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company

                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Evening Chronicle

                            January 27, 2017 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Trio who breathe new life into old blues format;
ALAN NICHOL HAS THE LATEST NEWS ON THE ROOTS MUSIC SCENE IN THE REGION

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 42,43

LENGTH: 728 words


IT is rare these days to come across an old-style acoustic blues trio and rarer
still to encounter a combination of banjo, fiddle and harmonica (in addition to
vocals). As a consequence, I would imagine there will be a sell-out crowd in
attendance at the Live Theatre's Studio venue on Sunday night to catch the
classy American threesome Hunter, Seamons and Wiggins.

Ben Hunter (fiddle), Joe Seamons (banjo) and Phil Wiggins (harmonica) come to
Tyneside as guests of Jumpin' Hot Club, with some seriously good reviews - and a
range of other awards - from the USA.

Wiggins is probably the best known of the three over here given he had a
long-standing partnership Singer with fellow Washington DC resident, guitarist
John Cephas (who died in 2009). All three musicians are devotees of the Piedmont
blues style - primarily from the Carolinas, Virginia and Tennessee - following
in the wake of renowned exponents such as Rev Gary Davis, Blind Boy Fuller,
Elizabeth Cotton, John Jackson and others.

While the Wiggins/Cephas duo followed in the tradition of the enduring
partnership of Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee, the banjo/fiddle has no such
highprofile pairing to compare despite the fact it dates back hundreds of years.

Hunter and Seamons are obviously devout students of the form even though neither
man originates from the Piedmont area. Hunter was born in Lesotha and brought up
in Phoenix, Arizona, while Seamons is from Oregon.

Their origins are of little consequence, however, because the Joana Serrat sound
they generate is a timeless blend of blues, folk and country from the deep
well-spring of American music.

The forthcoming album, Black & Tan Ball - essentially a Hunter/Seamons duo with
Wiggins as guest - features all three in seamless union.

Leeds lad Chris Wallum opens the show in the intimate and resonant Studio.

Tomorrow at Sage Gateshead there is a chance to expand one's musical horizon
with some new music which includes indie, folk, jazz, world and classical.

Entitled New Year, New Artists, the day features a cast of rising talent, hence
many of the names will be new to most people.

At various points of the day/evening you can see some top-notch musicians:
Amythyst Kiah (alt country of Southern gothic style), Anna Meredith, Bossy Love,
Christopher Park (piano), Ditte Elly (local singer with 10-piece orchestra),
Elliot Galvin Trio (young jazz combo), Horácio Ferreira, Jake Houlsby, Jasdeep
Singh Degun (sitar), Mariam Batsashvili (piano), Talisk (Young Folk Award
winners) and Tamsin Waley-Cohen.

Tickets can be purchased from the Sage Gateshead box-office for specific events,
for day or evening sessions and an attractively priced all-day ticket.

Tomorrow night in Cluny 2, Joana Serrat is the guest. She is from Vic near
Barcelona but travelled to Montreal to record her new album, Cross the Verge
(Loose Records).

Her sound has been likened to Mazzy Star, Lambchop and even Neil Young, but
there is always one sure way to test those opinions .... by getting down to the
Ouseburn tomorrow night. Tickets are £8 in advance.

Next Friday night brings a long-awaited return to the Cluny (upstairs in the
main room) for the James McMurtry Band.

The Austin, Texas-based singer/songwriter /guitarist was brought-up between
Forth Worth and Virginia but he formed a band while he was at university in
Tucson, Arizona.

Doors were opened for him, musically speaking, by a chance meeting with John
Mellencamp, and McMurtry later featured in a band called the Buzzin' Cousins
with Joe Ely, Dwight Yoakam and Johns Prine and Mellencamp.

He is the son of the hugely successful, Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist/writer,
Larry McMurtry. James has a body of work which certainly exhibits the literary
prowess of his father, and another best-selling author, Stephen King, was
prompted to say, "The simple fact is that James McMurtry may be the truest,
fiercest songwriter of his generation."

Similarly, the BBC's Country music doyen, Bob Harris, called McMurtry "the most
vital lyricist in America today."

McMurtry once described himself as a "fiction writer" but he has written songs
which have been overtly political.

His latest album, Complicated Thing, is his ninth studio offering and came out a
couple of years ago. It was six years in the making and was immediately called
his best work to date by many critics.

Chicago band, Alice Drinks The Kool Aid, open the show.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEC


               Copyright 2017 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

BRIEF: Canadian fiddle group plans show in December

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 67 words


Oct. 26--TEMPERANCE -- Barrage, a five-member Canadian fiddle group, will
perform at Bedford High School at 6:30 p.m. Dec. 4.

The performance will feature Bedford Orchestra members. Seating is reserved.
Tickets are $15 and can be ordered by emailing bhsbarragetickets@gmail.com

___ (c)2011 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111026-TO-BRF-Canadian-fiddle
-group-plans-show-in-December-1026-20111026

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade

                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                            December 29, 2006 Friday

Vanderbilt professor brings music of 'Little House on the Prairie' to life

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 289  words


The way Laura Ingalls Wilder used music to help weave her stories of life on the
American frontier struck a chord with Dale Cockrell as he and his son read the
"Little House" series nearly a decade ago.

Now, the Vanderbilt University professor has his own record label, Pa's Fiddle
Recordings, and is in the midst of recording a 10-CD set that brings to life all
126 songs mentioned in Wilder's books.

With the 140th anniversary of Wilder's birth and the 50th anniversary of her
death approaching in February, Cockrell was recently awarded a National
Endowment for the Humanities fellowship to help with part of the project.

"In looking back on it, I don't think there are any books that better capture
the way music worked in the 19th century family," said Cockrell, a professor of
musicology, essentially a music historian.

"I came to the conclusion not only are the books rich in music-making, but it's
virtually a playlist of first century American music."

Wilder biographer William Anderson said the fiddle music of Wilder's "Pa,"
Charles Ingalls, served as a rosy symbol in the midst of the family's struggles
on the frontier.

"The fiddle music was always the highlight of the day after all the work had
been done," said Anderson, who lives in Lapeer, Mich.

"Pa's fiddle really helped them keep going through tough times."

Pa's music covered a range of genres - patriotic music, folk music, spirituals
and hymns, even minstrel songs.

Other songs were featured during Wilder's time at singing school and social
gatherings.

Cockrell said the recordings of the music could have made it sound as
historically accurate as possible or given it a more modern feel.

He opted for the latter but didn't completely ignore the original feel of the
music.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

String 'n' Strum

BYLINE: Catherine Godbey, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 1012 words


Oct. 02--The RVs and campers hitched to tailgates started motoring into Athens
last week. From the north, south, east and west, the visitors come, lured by the
sound of old bluegrass tunes and two days of down-home fun.

"I like to call it the happiest weekend in Alabama," said Guy McClure of Athens
State University. "You walk around and everyone is smiling, from babies up to
people pushing three digits."

Organizers expect more than 15,000 people from more than 30 states to attend the
Tennessee Valley Old Time Fiddlers Convention this weekend -- a staple in Athens
for the past 48 years.

The two-day music festival's popularity earned the event the moniker "Granddaddy
of Midsouth Fiddlers Conventions."

"Yes, this is a music event, but it is so much more. It has a carnival
atmosphere. There is great music and also good food on a stick, amazing crafts
and plenty of time to do people watching," McClure said.

For many, a highlight of the festival occurs not on stage but beneath the shade
trees around the makeshift campsites. Every year, festival-goers armed with
fiddles, guitars and dobros gather for jam sessions behind the university
library.

For first-timers, listening to "shade tree pickin' " sessions are a must,
organizers said.

While jam sessions take place off stage, on stage, more than 200 musicians will
compete in 18 categories. At stake are the Alabama State Champion titles for
harmonica, bluegrass banjo, dulcimer, old-time banjo, classic old-time fiddler,
buck dancing, mandolin, dobro, old-time singing, finger-picking guitar,
flat-picking guitar, bluegrass band, bluegrass old-time band and fiddle.

This marks the first year the convention will be home to the state fiddle
champion. McClure expects last year's Old Time Fiddlers' winner, Joel
Whittinghill, to return, fiddle in hand, to defend his title.

Along with music competitions, the festival will feature performances by Bobby
Osborne and the Rocky Top X-Press and the Tennessee Mafia Jug Band.

"Bobby Osborne and the Rocky Top X-Press is always a huge draw," McClure said.
"This is the first year for us to have the Tennessee Mafia Jug Band."

Formed in 1997 at the International Bluegrass Festival, the Tennessee Mafia Jug
Band combines stories with songs in a style reminiscent of the Grand Ol' Opry
during the time of Minnie Pearl and Roy Acuff.

"Expect a night of hijinks and hilarity," founding member Mike Armistead said.
"We try to crack each other up on stage. We found that makes us stronger
professionally, and it's also entertaining to the crowd."

On a good night, the bluegrass quintet takes the stage knowing the first three
songs they will play. Most nights, though, they prepare two songs before the
improvisation begins.

"It's all off the cuff. After two songs, it's up in the air. It either goes
downhill or takes off with a bang," Armistead said with a laugh. "That's why
we're always happy to oblige requests because we just have two songs ready."

The five-member group consists of Armistead on guitar, Leroy Troy "The Tennessee
Slicker" on banjo, "Sir Cecil" Ernie Sykes on bass fiddle, Dan Kelly on fiddle
and Mike "Spider Man" Webb on dobro.

"These are guys who know music, wear costumes, tell corny jokes and do
slapstick. We think they will be a huge hit," McClure said. "They will be a
great addition to an event that is already the biggest draw to Athens. Good
music, good food and, I don't want to jinx us, but usually good crisp fall
weather, you can't ask for anything more."

The convention will conclude with the highlight of the festival -- a fiddle-off
to determine the fiddle champion.

Plugged-In with Mike Armistead of Tennessee Mafia Jug Band

What about that name?

We did a show for the International Bluegrass Association. They wanted an Opry
yesteryear type of show, so we put together something based on Roy Acuff's
classic jug band. The irony was, and still is, that a lot of the cast has a
direct link to Roy Acuff and the Smokey Mountain Boys. Bill Knowlton said, "You
guys are like the mafia, you are so connected with country music scenes. You
should be the Tennessee Mafia Band."

When did you realize you had something special with this band?

Our first show was the International Bluegrass Association in 1997. Somebody
videoed the show and showed it to Marty Stuart, who we had all been friends with
since the '80s. He was like, "That's everything I know and remember about the
Opry in one package. Y'all have to take this on the road."

Describe playing the Opry for the first time.

It's the Opry, what else can you say? That's what we grew up listening to as
children. All of our heroes played that stage. It is the whole reason we came
together. It was a great and overwhelming feeling.

Who influenced you?

My dad, Lester Armistead. He was a founding member of our band. He died in May
from cancer. Also Roy Acuff, George Jones, Bill Monroe and Charlie Waller. I
could go on and on, but those four usually are at the top.

Was there ever a question of whether to continue the band after your father's
death?

When he first got the news he had cancer, he said, "Y'all got to keep the band
going." Telling us that was one of his first orders of business.

What's next for the band?

We are working on new songs for a CD. We are looking at a release in the spring.

Any advice for up-and-coming bluegrass musicians?

Keep your head on straight and learn about where this music comes from and honor
it and do the best you can to carry on the tradition.

Catherine Godbey can be reached at 256-340-2441 or cgodbey@decaturdaily.com
Follow on Twitter @DecaturLiving.

If you go

What: 48th annual Tennessee Valley Old time Fiddlers Convention

When: Friday and Saturday, gates open at 8 a.m.

Where: Athens State University

Cost: $8 Friday, $10 Saturday, $15 for both days, children 12 and younger enter
free with a parent.

Special music: Bobby Osborne and the Rocky Top X-Press, 4 p.m. and 6 p.m.
Friday; Tennessee Mafia Jug Band, 5 p.m. Saturday.

___ (c)2014 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141002-DD-String-n-Strum-1002-20141002

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2014 The Decatur Daily

                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         West County Times (California)

                       April 7, 2002 Sunday FINAL EDITION

SCOTTISH FIDDLERS TO ENTERTAIN BAY AREA

BYLINE: MARY REILEY, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: WEST COUNTY; Pg. A30

LENGTH: 756 words


DON'T LET THE name fool you. The San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers has talented
musicians from around the Bay Area, including El Cerrito, San Pablo and
Berkeley, and from throughout the state. Some come from as far as Oregon,
Colorado, Ohio and even Canada to play the music they love.

I sat in on a rehearsal recently and was enchanted by the spirit of fun and
family that prevails among the players. Members range in age from children
through seniors, with professional musicians and amateurs.

The group is preparing for a series of concerts, the first scheduled for 8 p.m.
Friday at the Scottish Rite Center, 1547 Lakeside Drive, Oakland.

The Scottish Fiddlers group is directed by master fiddler Alasdair Fraser,
described by many as one of the best to come out of Scotland. He lives in
Northern California with his wife, Sally Ashcraft, and their children, and his
work can be heard in films such as "Titanic" and "Last of the Mohicans," as well
as on several albums and a concert video. He and Ashcraft are the founders of
Culburnie Records.

Fraser uses his fiddle to demonstrate a style or feeling that he wants the
players to put into their music. He used humor to get the best from the 75 or so
players at the rehearsal I attended. "I like this groove we're building on," he
said with a twinkle in his eye. "Does someone have a way of recapturing that?"

The "groove" kept going as the players worked on traditional tunes for the
concert, such as "Highland Laddies" and "Farewell to the Creeks."

Fiddler Shelly Romalis of Berkeley calls Fraser an "amazing" musical director.

"We appreciate his talents and feel privileged to be part of the group he
started in his living room in 1986," she said.

While she was living in Canada, Romalis fell in love with Cape Breton music, a
percussive style of the Highland Scottish tradition. She wanted to play the
music and started looking for a group to join. While visiting the Bay Area, she
found the fiddlers in a roundabout way, through a phone book listing for a
Scottish dance group. Regardless of the route, she's glad to have made the
connection.

Romalis happily traveled from Toronto to the Bay Area for various Fiddlers'
events before moving to Berkeley. For her, being part of the group was worth the
time and effort.

"This club is not just about the music but about community," she said. "No
matter what level of competence, professional to beginner, you are welcome."

Now she coordinates the concerts for the group. One of her biggest challenges,
she said, is to figure out how to fit 100 people on a stage.

Friday's concert will be followed by another at 8 p.m. Saturday in Santa Rosa,
and a matinee at 3 p.m. April 14 in San Francisco.

Besides fiddles, the music will come from a piano, harp, bass fiddle, cellos,
guitars and percussion. A nyckelharpa, a Scandinavian instrument akin to the
fiddle, also will be featured.

In the percussion section, a tambourine, the Celtic bodhran drums, an African
djimbe drum and a smaller dumbeck will keep rhythm, along with any toe-tapping
that may spontaneously erupt in the audience.

Dr. Connie Gaulter Muir, president of the group and a family practitioner in
Berkeley, explained for me the difference between a violin and a fiddle.

"It's in the attitude of the musician and what kind of music you play," she
said.

Much of what fiddlers play comes from folk tradition, passed on by ear rather
than written down, Gaulter Muir said, with spontaneous improvisation. Classical
musicians, on the other hand, play music that has been written down with exact
notation.

"In fiddle music, there's more freedom for the musician to change it depending
on the mood, to embellish and add to it and alter its mood."

The concerts will include marches, airs, jigs and reels, with solos by Fraser
and others in the group, a little singing and some step-dancing.

Tickets for the performances are $18 general and $15 students and seniors.

The Santa Rosa concert will be in the Jackson Theater at Sonoma Country Day
School, 4400 Day School Place. Call 707-527-0693 for information or tickets.

The April 14 performance will be at San Francisco's Herbst Theatre, 401 Van Ness
Ave.

For tickets to the Oakland and San Francisco performances, call City Box Office
at 415-392-4400.

For group rates or other information, call 510-548-0802.

Call Mary Reiley at 510-262-2784, e-mail mreiley@cctimes. com, or write to West
County Times, 4301 Lakeside Drive, Richmond, CA 94806. Our fax is 510-262-2776.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo. Kathy Selby, right, of Berkeley warms up with Dr. Connie Gaulter
Muir, left, of Berkeley and Mary Margaret McMurtry of Felton while preparing to
entertain residents of an Oakland retirement community last month. The three are
members of the San Francsico Scottish Fiddlers, a musical group planning a
concert series this week. (Steve Babuliak, Hills Newspapers).

                       Copyright 2002 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 2, 2014 Friday

Art, heritage, music

BYLINE: Keith Strange, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 494 words


May 02--Brightly decorated fiddle sculptures will be on display as crowds flock
to Main Street today for the annual Budbreak Festival.

The fiddles, unveiled Friday afternoon during an event at the Earle Theatre,
will be part of Mount Airy's first Fiddle Crawl, an effort of Mount Airy
Downtown Inc., to bring tourists to the area.

"We're hoping it will become a tourist attraction while also helping brighten
the streetscape of downtown Mount Airy," said Lizzie Morrison, Main Street
coordinator for the group.

During the unveiling, WPAQ's Kelly Epperson,called it a "grand event" that he
said honors the region's musical heritage.

"Why fiddles?" he asked.

"It's simple," Epperson explained. "Because fiddles represent our roots. We're
known for our music and we want to promote our heritage."

Morrison agreed.

"This is also a way to pay tribute to our old-time music roots," she said.

Looking at the works of art during the unveiling, Epperson said he can't believe
how wonderful they turned out.

"I'm just overwhelmingly pleased," he said. "Each artist truly put their heart
and soul into these," he said. "It's going to be a real treat to have them in
downtown Mount Airy."

The fiddles selected were chosen from among two dozen by sponsoring businesses.
Nine of the 12 fiddles will be auctioned on Oct. 24, but will remain on display
through the end of October. The remaining three were purchased by sponsoring
businesses and will remain on permanent display.

Until Oct. 24, community members can vote on their favorite fiddle at several
downtown businesses. Votes are $1 each. Proceeds from the vote will be split
between the artist and Mount Airy Downtown Inc.

Morrison said she admired the quality of work displayed by the artists, who only
had six weeks to complete the project.

"They obviously worked really hard," she said.

Artist McKenzie Sumner considers himself an amateur and said he was shocked his
design was chosen by Old North State Winery for permanent display.

"Originally, I'd wanted to do something with a North Carolina theme, but Old
North State wanted to tailor it specifically to their wines, so my fiddle pays
tribute to the Restless Soul that resides in the winery," he said.

Sumner said he was initially nervous working with established area artists.

"But they were really great," he said as he looked over the works on display. "I
think all of these fiddles are just fantastic."

It was a sentiment echoed by Tom Webb, who is a member of Main Street Downtown
Inc.

"I think it's going to be great to have a walking tour of art downtown," he
said. "I certainly hope the community comes out and appreciates it."

The event also featured music by the Mountain Park Old Time Band, which
performed live on the air during the event.

Keith Strange can be reached at 336-719-1929 or via Twitter @strangereporter.

___ (c)2014 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140502-NI-Art-heritage-music-0502-20140502

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2014

                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            April 10, 2008 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

CELTIC LEGEND;
Fiddler Eileen Ivers mixes Irish soul with Hendrix wah-wah;

BYLINE: Jim Kershner Staff writer

SECTION: D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 651 words


When Eileen Ivers takes the stage Saturday night for a Spokane Symphony
SuperPops concert, some of her fiddle tunes will reach back to the ancient Irish
mists.

Others will reach back to, let's say, the Monterey Pops purple haze.

"When I use the electric violin, I sometimes use the wah-wah distortion effect,"
said Ivers, by phone from the road near Missoula. "The audience loves that."

From ancient Celtic to Jimi Hendrix - that more or less sums up the full
virtuoso range of Ivers, one of the world's leading purveyors of Celtic music,
world music and, occasionally, wah-wah fiddle.

She and her band, Immigrant Soul, will perform with the symphony in a program of
mostly Celtic-themed music, including a rousing medley to tunes from
"Riverdance."

Ivers played fiddle in the original "Riverdance" cast and went on the road with
it for three years.

Yet that didn't make her a Celtic music star. She already was one.

Ivers was born to Irish immigrant parents in the Bronx, New York, and started
playing Irish music by ear when she was 8. She played every chance she could and
eventually became a legend in Celtic music competitions, racking up nine
all-Ireland fiddle championships.

Yet she was a practical girl. She earned a math degree and was doing
post-graduate studies toward a math career. But music would not loosen its hold.

"One thing led to another and I never really had a proper day job," Ivers said.
"I was so thrilled I found the music road. I've been playing music for 20 years
now."

She became an in-demand session and touring player, performing with groups as
varied as the Chieftains and Hall & Oates. She was a founding member of Cherish
the Ladies.

By the time "Riverdance" came calling, Ivers was considered one of the premier
fiddlers in the world.

In 1999 she launched her own touring act with the four-piece band Immigrant
Soul, featuring percussionist Tommy McDonnell (who handles the lead vocals),
guitarist Greg Anderson, accordion player Buddy Connolly and bassist Leo
Traversa. They have been touring ever since.

After being invited to perform with the Boston Pops, Ivers and the band
established an in-demand symphony pops show, with orchestral arrangements
backing many of their tunes.

"When the full orchestra and the band are jelling together on some of the faster
pieces, it's a wonderful marriage of the two worlds," she said.

The program will reflect the contrasting moods of Irish music, including slow
airs and pensive tunes about immigration. Others are joyous and infectious dance
tunes, which will be accompanied by the region's own award-winning dance troupe,
the Haran Irish Dancers.

The finale will be what Ivers calls an "Irish bluegrass-infused gospel song" - a
rousing rendition of "Will the Circle Be Unbroken."

Ivers and the band will play both halves of the show, but the orchestra,
conducted by Associate Conductor Morihiko Nakahara, will play several pieces on
its own at the beginning of each half.

2 SIDEBARS:

1) IF YOU GO

Eileen Ivers with Immigrant Soul, Spokane Symphony SuperPops

When: Saturday, 8 p.m.

Where: INB Performing Arts Center

Cost: $20 to $44

Call: The symphony box office (509-624-1200) or Ticketswest outlets
(509-325-SEAT, 800-325-SEAT,  www.ticketswest.com)

2) MORE CELTIC IN CDA

Can't get enough Celtic entertainment?

The Coeur d'Alene Library will host its first Celtic Festival of Music and Dance
on Sunday starting at 2 p.m.

Scheduled performers include the An Daire Irish Dancers; John Sylte on fiddle
and concertina; Scottish/Irish folk singer Brian MacLeod; Arvid Lundin and Deep
Roots; and Crooked Kilt.

Piper Bill Thomas will greet concertgoers, and Amy Wilkerson will read poetry
accompanied by Jan Clizer on fiddle.

Admission is free; donations will be accepted.

The new library is at 702 E. Front Ave. Concertgoers are asked to use the City
Hall lower parking lot located off 8th Street.

For more information call (208) 683-2169.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Washington: 36th ANNUAL BANJO AND FIDDLE CONTEST SEPTEMBER 10th, 2016 AT
BOARDING HOUSE

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Park Service has issued the following news release:



 Bust out your banjos, flex your fiddles, and come hang out at Boarding House
Park for a day of traditional music and family fun. The Banjo &Fiddle Contest
celebrates its 36th event on September 10, 2016, from 10:00AM to 6:00PM. The
event is free for contestants, as well as all traditional music fans who'd like
to come and listen. Never been to a banjo and fiddle contest before? Bring your
lawn chairs and settle in to watch the friendly competition and get in touch
with our country's musical roots.





 At Lowell National Historical Park, we honor the connections between past and
present. At the Banjo &Fiddle Contest, we invite you to come celebrate musical
heritage. The repertoire of tunes played during the Contest is what Folklorists
refer to as traditional music--music practiced by groups of people who share a
common ethnic heritage, geographic region, or way of life. Tunes are shared
within families and communities and are passed on over generations.



 Come for the fiddles, stay for the fun! We'll have jam sessions and music
workshops 10AM-noon, and then a whole afternoon full of music and community.



 Boarding House Park Location: 40 French Street, Lowell, MA



 Rain Location: Lowell High School Auditorium, 50 Fr. Morrissette Blvd., across
the street from Boarding House Park.



 Visit us at www.nps.gov/lowe/planyourvisit/banjo-and-fiddle-contest.htm. To
learn more about this and other park offerings during this centennial year of
the National Park Service, including the Junior Ranger program, Boott Cotton
Mills Museum, Mill Girls and Immigrants Exhibit, ranger-led tours, and upcoming
special events stop by the Visitor Center at 246 Market Street, or contact
Lowell National Historical Park at (978) 970-5000, or visit www.nps.gov/lowe .



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 10, 1996, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Bill Monroe Dies at 84; Fused Musical Roots Into Bluegrass

BYLINE: By JON PARELES

SECTION: Section D;  Page 22;  Column 1;  Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 990 words


Bill Monroe, who helped lay the foundation of country music as the universally
recognized father of bluegrass, died yesterday in a nursing home in Springfield,
Tenn. He was 84. He had suffered a stroke earlier this year, said his booking
agent, Tony Conway.

Mr. Monroe, who played mandolin and sang in a high, lonesome tenor, created one
of the most durable idioms in American music. Bluegrass, named after his band,
the Blue Grass Boys, was a fusion of American music: gospel harmonies and Celtic
fiddling, blues and folk songs, Tin Pan Alley pop and jazz-tinged
improvisations. The Blue Grass Boys sang, in keening high harmony, about
backwoods memories and stoic faith; they played brilliantly filigreed tunes as
if they were jamming on a back porch, trading melodies among fiddle, banjo and
Mr. Monroe's steely mandolin. By bringing together rural nostalgia and modern
virtuosity, Mr. Monroe evoked an American Eden, pristine yet cosmopolitan.

He perfected his music in the late 1940's and stubbornly maintained it, and he
lived to see his revolutionary fusion become the bedrock of a tradition that
survives among enthusiasts around the world. He was also an indefatigable
traveling musician, and a taskmaster who challenged his sidemen with difficult
keys and tempos. Every musician now playing bluegrass has drawn on Mr. Monroe's
repertory, his vocal style and his ideas of how a string band should work
together. And his influence echoes down not just through country music but from
Elvis Presley (who recorded Mr. Monroe's "Blue Moon of Kentucky" on his first
single disk) to bluegrass-rooted rock bands like the Grateful Dead and the
Eagles.

"I never wrote a tune in my life," Mr. Monroe once said. "All that music's in
the air around you all the time. I was just the first one to reach up and pull
it out."

William Smith Monroe grew up on a farm in Rosine, Ky., 30 miles north of Bowling
Green. He was the youngest of eight children, and shy because one eye was
crossed. Both his mother and an uncle, Pendleton Vandiver (later memorialized in
Mr. Monroe's tune "Uncle Pen"), were fiddlers, and the young Bill Monroe
sometimes accompanied his uncle on guitar. But his older brothers monopolized
the family's fiddle and guitar, leaving the 9-year-old Bill to play mandolin.
His mother died when he was 10, and his father six years later. "It was a hard
life, to come up with no money," he said. "You'd sing a lot of sad songs."

Mr. Monroe followed his brothers to the Chicago suburb of Whiting, Ind., and
worked through the Depression at an oil refinery. He began performing with two
of his brothers, and in 1934 he started playing music full-time in a duo with
his brother Charlie on guitar. The Monroe Brothers made their first recordings
in 1936, but split up after two contentious years.

Mr. Monroe put together a band called the Blue Grass Boys in 1939, and they soon
joined the Grand Ole Opry radio broadcasts. They performed everything from hymns
to fiddle tunes to comedy, and toured thousands of miles between Saturday-night
broadcasts. He described his audience as "people who get up in the morning and
make a lot of biscuits."

Sidemen came and went during World War II. The group took the lineup of the
classic bluegrass quintet -- mandolin, fiddle, guitar, bass and banjo -- in
1942, although it also briefly used accordion and harmonica. Lester Flatt, a
guitarist who had worked with Charlie Monroe, joined the group in 1945, followed
by the innovative banjoist Earl Scruggs in 1946. With Chubby Wise on fiddle and
Howard Watts on bass, that lineup of the Blue Grass Boys defined bluegrass
music. "Bluegrass is competition," Mr. Monroe once said, "with each man trying
to play the best he can, be on his toes."

Mr. Flatt and Mr. Scruggs left in 1948, tired of working for $60 a week. But Mr.
Monroe continued to recruit extraordinary musicians, among them Don Reno and
Bill Keith on banjo; Mac Wiseman, Del McCoury and Peter Rowan on guitar and
vocals and Vassar Clements, Byron Berline, Richard Greene, Buddy Spicher and
Kenny Baker on fiddle. During the 1950's and afterward, he sometimes expanded
the group with two or three fiddles in harmony.

His traditionalism brought him a new audience among urban folk-music fans in the
1960's, and in 1967 he started the annual bluegrass festival in Bean Blossom,
Ind. While bluegrass became harder to find on the radio, pushed aside by more
modern country music and by rock and roll, it spread among do-it-yourself
musicians, who now support more than 500 annual bluegrass festivals.

Mr. Monroe was named to the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1970. It was the first
of many awards, including a National Heritage Fellowship Award in 1982, the
first Grammy Award for the Best Bluegrass Recording in 1989 and a Lifetime
Achievement Award from the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences in
1993. He was acknowledged as a patriarch by performers such as Ricky Skaggs, who
collaborated with him on the Grammy-winning tune "Wheel Hoss"; he also continued
to tour indefatigably, despite health problems.

In 1985, someone broke into his home and smashed the 1923 Gibson F-5 mandolin he
had been playing for four decades; technicians at Gibson Guitars spent three
months reassembling it with microscopes and tweezers. In 1994, bad investments
led Mr. Monroe to sell the 288-acre homestead in Goodletsville, Tenn., where he
had lived for 40 years; the company that owns the Grand Ole Opry bought it and
agreed to let him stay there. That year, MCA Records released a four-CD
collection, "The Music of Bill Monroe: From 1936 to 1994," produced by the
Country Music Foundation, a tribute to Mr. Monroe's virtuosity and perseverance.

"If I'd have changed," Mr. Monroe said in Rachel Liebling's documentary "High
Lonesome: The Story of Bluegrass Music," "the people wouldn't have liked that at
all."

He is survived by a son, James, and a grandson.


NAME: Bill Monroe

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Bill Monroe's mandolin and tenor voice helped create country
music. (Slick Lawson, 1994)

TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company

                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            April 26, 2012 Thursday

Cantrip headlines evening of Scottish and Irish music

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 460 words


Thursday April 26, 2012

BRATTLEBORO --Twilight Music presents an evening of high-energy Scottish music
from Edinburgh and New England by fiddle/bagpipe/guitar trio Cantrip at
Hooker-Dunham Theater & Gallery, 139 Main St., on Friday at 7:30 p.m.

Traditional Irish music fiddler Randy Miller and guitarist Roger Kahle, who have
hosted the Wednesday night Irish session at J.D. McCliment's Pub in Putney for
the past three years, and multi-instrumentalist Ross Kahle will open the show.

Cantrip has been stunning audiences with its driving blend of twin fiddles,
bagpipes and guitar. The name is an Old Scots word meaning a charm, magic spell
or piece of mischief, and it aptly describes the unexpected twists and turns in
their musical arrangements as well as the compelling potency of their
musicianship. While firmly rooted in the Scottish tradition, Cantrip's music
takes influences from and excursions into music from the Scandinavian, Balkan,
Basque, Breton and Québécoise traditions.

Founding members Dan Houghton (highland bagpipes, borderpipes and smallpipes,
flute, whistles, voice) and Jon Bews (fiddle, mandolin, voice) along with Eric
McDonald (guitar) create a sound that is energetic and inspiring in the reels
and jigs, sensitive and contemplative in the slow airs and never without a touch
of humor.

Cantrip formed itself rather organically from a Thursday-night session in a pub
at the top of Edinburgh's Royal-Mile. By 2002, Jon Bews, Gavin Marwick, Dan
Houghton and Cameron Robson had recorded their first album "Silver" and in 2005,
the long awaited second album "Boneshaker" was released on the Mischief label,
followed by "Piping The Fish" in 2008.

Houghton has played and taught pipes extensively throughout New England, Britain
and Europe and has toured as a soloist as well as in various ensembles,
including the Scottish fusion band Salsa Celtica and the New Zealand Irish band
Blackthorn.

In addition to performing with Cantrip and the acclaimed vocal-led Scottish band
Malinky, Bews has earned a reputation for himself as a dance fiddler, playing
for Scottish country dance classes and balls all over Europe.

Boston-based, Berklee College of Music graduate Eric McDonald performs with
contra dance band Matching Orange and New England Scottish Fiddle Champion Katie
McNally.

Veteran Irish session musicians Randy Miller, Roger Kahle and Ross Kahle have
played traditional Celtic music throughout the U.S. and Europe. Miller mixes
Irish, Cape Breton and Celtic fiddle styles with his own ornamentation and
bowing techniques, accompanied by Kahle's DADGAD rhythm guitar and Kahle's
bodhran, tin whistles and four-string Irish style banjo.

Tickets are $14 general, $12 for students and seniors. For reservations and
information, call 802-254-9276.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 9, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: NORTHERN BROOKLYN;
Young Fiddler Has the Feel For Irish Reels

BYLINE: By JENNIFER STEINHAUER

SECTION: Section 13;  Page 10;  Column 3;  The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 454 words


His friends prefer Aerosmith, but still found it cool when Patrick Mangan, a
10-year-old fiddle champion from Carroll Gardens, cleaned up recently at an
Irish music festival.

Patrick qualified to compete in the Fleadh Cheoil Na Heireann, an annual Irish
music festival that attracts about 5,000 musicians each year, after he scooped
up first place for his age category at a New York City contest earlier this
year.

He went to Clonmel, Ireland, in August with small hopes of high placement,
knowing that the Irish, who make up most of the contestants, dominate the art of
fiddling.

To his utter amazement, he took first place in the under-12 age group, the first
time an American trained by another American has done so in the history of the
44-year-old contest.

"I was really excited," Patrick said. "It was tough in Ireland; the kids were
all really good." He played "The Monagan Jig" and "Jenny's Welcome to Charlie,"
a reel.

He reflected on the fact that he spends many weekends playing gigs with his
teacher, Brian Conway, in Irish pubs, where he sips ginger ale and departs
early. It's true, he said, that Irish fiddle music is not the most common of
interests for a boy his age.

"I played classical," he said, speaking of his kindergarten years. "And I
thought since Irish music was my favorite music and I already knew how to play
the violin, it would be fun to play the fiddle." Fiddle music refers to any kind
of folk music that is played on the violin. It can be played solo or with a
band.

So when he was just over 8 years old, he began playing Irish music, though he
continued his classical education. His parents, Irish-Americans with "distant
ties" to the mother country, admits his mother, Kathleen Mangan, have always
played Irish music in the house, which she figures inspired her son's interest.

But it is his nationality, not his youth, that made his victory a coup, said Mr.
Conway, his teacher. "It is very difficult for someone outside of the country to
come in and show how it's done," Mr. Conway said.

"To be that good from this country you have to be very interested," he added.
"Because here, there are different distractions. You're just not raised in the
traditions full-time they way they are in Ireland. Patrick is highly advanced
and oozing with natural talent."

Patrick says he hopes to parlay a small sideline out of his fiddle interests,
but is particularly fond of computer classes at Public School 58, and also fits
in a little soccer and ice skating, and hanging out with pals. They prefer pop
rock to Irish jigs, which he said does not offend him.  "They are not really
interested," he said. "But they are happy about my accomplishment."   JENNIFER
STEINHAUER

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Patrick Mangan, 10, has already mastered traditional Irish
music. (G. Paul Burnett for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            August 7, 2010 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Food and fiddle music spice up Cajun life; The Acadiana region surrounding
Lafayette celebrates with Cajun-Creole events year-round

BYLINE: David Y. Wei, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. H4

LENGTH: 1548  words


Johnson's Boucaniere had a hungry lunch crowd of regulars lined up at the
takeout counter. The Boucaniere, which means "smokehouse" in English, is a
popular family-run diner in Lafayette, La. The tantalizing smell of sweet, nutty
hardwood smoke that could only come from charring oak wafted from almost every
meal and permeated the entire eatery.

Behind the counter, family patriarch Wallace Johnson was taking orders, and his
daughter and grandkids scurried to fill them. Realizing we weren't locals,
Wallace asked my wife, Suzanne, and I where we were from. Upon learning we were
from Canada, he unexpectedly asked, "Ah, parlez-vous Francais?"

With Suzanne's enthusiastic, "Oui," Wallace told his daughter to take over so he
could give us a tour -- in French. His sausage-making and meat-smoking facility
is renowned for its steamed "boudin," smoked sausages, and smoked pulled pork.
As we watched a worker use a sausage-maker to fill boudin links, Wallace spoke
of how he and his siblings started making this delicious sausage (a mixture of
ground pork, cooked rice, green onions, and hot, peppery spices) more than 70
years ago. Their now-closed World Famous Johnson's was located in Eunice, just a
few kilometres away; the family reopened in Lafayette four years ago.

French explorers reached the area near the mouth of the Mississippi River in the
late 1600s. The permanent French occupation of Louisiana began with Pierre Le
Moyne d'Iberville's settlement at Biloxi; there has been a French presence in
the region ever since. Descendants of these first European settlers were called
Creole (from the Spanish word Criollos, meaning "born in the New World"), but in
Louisiana, the term has evolved to include individuals or groups of mixed
French, Spanish, African-American, or native American ancestry.

Some 2,500 to 3,000 Acadians, or "Cajuns" -- among those expelled by the British
from Nova Scotia in the 1750s -- settled in Louisiana between 1765 and 1803.
Louisiana had, in the meantime, become a Spanish colony, but its governor gave
the newcomers generous tracts around the bayous of the Vermilion River in lands
that had once been occupied by the Attakappas and Opelousas native tribes. In
1803, Spain ceded the region back to France just three weeks before the United
States paid France for a huge tract of North America, west of the Mississippi
River, called the Louisiana Purchase.

In 1821, Acadian Jean Mouton and a surveyor laid out the village of
Vermilionville. The village would later be renamed Lafayette to honour a French
general who contributed his services to the American War.

We got a sense of Lafayette's early days with a visit to a 23-acre Cajun-Creole
heritage and folklife park, on the banks of a tranquil bayou, that recreates
Vermilionville between 1765 and about 1890. We had a fascinating look at how
people lived in those days as we toured 19 historical structures, including a
church, blacksmith shop, boat-building shed, and six carefully restored and
refurnished homes. In the old schoolhouse, a punishment written on the
blackboard -- "I will not speak French in the Classroom 100 times" -- captured
the difficult period between 1916 and 1968, when the Louisiana Legislature
banned French from being taught or even spoken in schools. It wasn't until 1980
that the U.S. government officially recognized the Cajuns as a national ethnic
group.

Today Lafayette, at the junction of Interstates 49 and 10 (about 190 kilometres
west of New Orleans, and 55 km inland from the Gulf coast), is a bustling city
of 250,000 inhabitants. While still connected to its rural farming roots in the
surrounding countryside, the city is now known for its medical services, the
Lafayette Campus of the University of Louisiana, and Cajun-Creole music and
food. The city cheerfully celebrates its francophone roots with many signs for
stores, parks, directions, and streets in French.

"Acadiana" denotes a region 40 km in all directions from Lafayette that promotes
a year-round schedule of Cajun-Creole festivals and events. Our summer visit was
too late for all the family-friendly Mardi Gras celebrations that happen in
Lafayette and other communities, but there are plenty of events to keep a
visitor entertained every month of the year.

As much as language, music lies at the heart of modern-day Cajun identity. The
words "violin" and "fiddle" both come from "Vitula," the Roman goddess of joy.
What better instrument, then, to form the basis of infectiously happy,
toe-tapping Cajun music?

The Savoy Music Center in Eunice is a music store with a small factory that
custom-makes world-famous Acadian brand accordions. The owner, Marc Savoy, has
held spirited Cajun music jam sessions in his store's showroom every Saturday
morning since 1966. The morning we visited, 20 musicians (and an enthusiastic
audience of at least that many Cajun music lovers) somehow squeezed into the
cramped premises. We in the audience were absolutely mesmerized; the group
played tune after catchy tune with hardly a break. While most of the artists
played fiddles, there were also some on accordions, guitars and even a piano.
Most amazing of all, everyone played by ear; after someone led off a few bars,
others would join seamlessly into the fun.

In the town of Opelousas, 30 kilometres east of Eunice, the fiddle was further
celebrated with whimsically decorated, oversized fibreglass versions in an
outdoor art display called Fiddle Mania. The delightful sculptures had been
placed around the St. Landry Parish Courthouse Square. I especially liked one
called "Opelousas Yellow Cat" (which artist Sue Boagni had painted with gaping
yellow catfish), while Suzanne preferred "Ecrevisse on Duh Fiddle" (covered by
artist May Fontenot in ecrevisses -- crawfish). We groaned at the little joke
that artist Robbie Sebastian told in naming his yam-covered, cello-sized piece
"Yo Yo Yam."

Our musical adventures included meeting legendary Cajun fiddler Hadley Castille,
who has performed in British Columbia at Maillardville's annual Festival du
Bois. Hadley and his 20-year-old granddaughter, Sarah Jayde Williams (a rising
Cajun music star herself), gave a rousing fiddle workshop at the newly renovated
Delta Grand Theater in Opelousas. Later, we felt as if we were attending an
intimate "danse de maison" (house dance) as we listened and danced to the
immortal Michael Doucet and his Cajun music band, Beausoleil, who were playing
before a hometown crowd at Lafayette's Blue Moon Saloon.

Food is another defining feature of any culture. Cajun-Creole cooking combines
its French roots with Spanish, African, and native American influences that make
use of peppers, spices, and flavoured thickeners such as okra and file (a powder
made from ground sassafras leaves). Add some good ol' Southern deep-frying (even
green beans and asparagus get deep-fried here), and the results are simply
irresistible.

Poor Boy's Riverside Inn has served Cajun food since 1932. Needing a quick
introduction to this genre of cooking, Suzanne ordered the crawfish dinner --
which included crawfish salad, crawfish-corn chowder, crawfish pie, deep-fried
breaded crawfish and crawfish balls, crawfish au gratin, and crawfish etoufee
over rice. "Etouffer" means "to smother," and in Louisiana, you'll never go
wanting for sauce if you order any meat or seafood "etoufee." Suzanne's etoufee
teemed with the miniature freshwater crustaceans in a rich, light-coloured
sauce. My crab dinner was much the same as hers but featured meat from local
blue point crab.

When owner Elaine Hurst Alderman learned that it was our first visit to
Louisiana, she insisted that we also try both grilled and deep-fried alligator,
crab cakes, some seafood gumbo, and -- to finish our meal -- her prizewinning
sweet-potato beignet (fritter) in a sinful cinnamon-butter sauce. If it sounds
like a lot of food, it was -- and we finished every delectable bite.

At Randol's Restaurant and Dance Hall, we savoured a crawfish boil and fabulous
seafood dishes such as grilled snapper (of course, etoufee) while dancing to a
lively Cajun band between courses. No dining experience in Louisiana is complete
without a "crawfish boil." Live crawfish are simply dropped into a vat of
boiling water, along with potatoes and ears of corn. All is then served hot with
a liberal sprinkling of Louisiana's spicy red-pepper seasoned salt. Just pull
off each crawfish's head, squeeze the base of its tail, and suck out the
succulent meat. We learned, despite seared fingertips and pepper-burned lips,
that you can't eat just 10.

As we drove north out of Acadiana, we stopped for freshly baked pie at Lea's
Lunchroom, a busy landmark in the town of Lecompte since 1928. A motto framed on
the wall captured the genuine friendliness and warmth we had encountered
everywhere in Cajun Louisiana: You Come Here a Stranger Only Once.

If you go

American Airlines offers daily flights to Lafayette via Dallas-Fort Worth from
most major Canadian airports. URL: http://www.aa.com/homePage.do

The Lafayette Convention and Visitors Commission has travel, accommodation,
dining, festival, and tour information. URL:
http://www.lafayettetravel.com/Celebrateand preserve Acadian culture at the
Grand Reveil Acadien (Great Acadian Awakening), October 7 to 16, 2011. URL:
www.gra2011.org

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: David Wei; 'Yellow Catfish' fiddle, part of  Fiddle Mania art
display in Opelousas, La.;
Colour Photo: David Wei  / There's been a weekly Cajun music jam session every
Saturday  morning since 1966 at Marc Savoy Music Center, in Eunice, La.;
Colour Photo: Suzanne Clouthier; Cajun music legend, Michael  Doucet, and his
band Beausoleil perform at the Blue Moon Saloon, in  Lafayette, La.;
Colour Photo: Suzanne Clouthier; Crawfish boil from  Randol's Restaurant is
served with a spicy salt.;
Colour Photo:  David Wei; Seafood etoufee is covered in sauce -- 'etoufee' means
'smothered.';
Colour Photo: David Wei; Worker fills pork-gut  casings to make boudin blanc
sausages at Johnson's Boucaniere  ('smokehouse') diner, in Lafayette, La.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           August 17, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Fiddler Vassar Clements Dies;
Bluegrass, Country, Jazz Star

BYLINE: Matt Schudel, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B05

LENGTH: 861 words


Vassar Clements, a virtuoso fiddle player who transcended genres and influenced
generations of bluegrass musicians, died of lung cancer Aug. 16 at his home
outside Nashville. He was 77.

A self-taught musician who mastered the violin (or fiddle, as he usually called
it) by age 14, Mr. Clements began his career with Bill Monroe and His Blue Grass
Boys in 1949 and worked with country artists through the 1960s. He found his
greatest success beginning in 1972 by performing with the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band
on the popular album "Will the Circle Be Unbroken." From then on, he made a
series of boundary-breaking recordings with mandolinist David Grisman, the
Grateful Dead's Jerry Garcia and jazz violinist Stephane Grappelli, among
others.

Absorbing almost every conceivable style of music, Mr. Clements invented what he
called hillbilly jazz, a blend of country music, jazz and swing that
characterized his eclectic style. He was known as the "Isaac Stern of the fiddle
" or the "Miles Davis of bluegrass."

It would be hard to find anyone who worked with musicians from more widely
varied backgrounds, from Hank Williams Sr. to alt-rocker Dave Matthews. Mr.
Clements released 27 albums as a leader and, in a 60-year career, performed on
as many as 3,000 recording sessions with other artists, including B.B. King,
Paul McCartney, Johnny Cash, the Allman Brothers, Emmylou Harris, members of
Miles Davis's groups, Buck Owens and the Boston Pops.

"He was a musical giant," Grisman, one of his frequent collaborators and the
producer of his final album, "Living With the Blues" (2004), said yesterday. "He
had an incredible sound. He had incredible imagination. He was a fountain of
ideas and could execute them amazingly."

Although he was most closely identified with country music and bluegrass, Mr.
Clements had a sensitivity for jazz and blues that often came out in his
playing. He attributed his broad musical approach to the variety of music he
heard as a boy.

"Actually, I heard more swing than country or bluegrass while I was growing up
in Florida," he once said. "I've always loved that kind of rhythm."

"He was listening to a lot of jazz and a lot of horn players," bluegrass
musician Ricky Skaggs said yesterday in a telephone interview. "He was just real
open with his playing and went places musically that other musicians weren't
going. He would break out a whole vocabulary of licks that nobody else was doing
on the fiddle."

Possessing a craggy, expressive face, Mr. Clements often smoked a pipe while
performing and had an unvarnished, down-home way of speaking. Even as renowned
musicians flocked to hear him, he was never awed by the company he kept.

In 1995, he told the Orlando Sentinel about someone who came to one of his
recording sessions: "He was in the studio with them dark glasses on. . . . I
finally asked after he left, who was that sitting down there, because he never
done anything, he just set there. They said that was Bob Dylan. Boy, I'd never
have known that. I thought he mighta just been asleep or something."

Mr. Clements was born April 25, 1928, in Kinard, Fla., and grew up in Kissimmee,
Fla., then a cow town near Orlando. He had no musical training except what he
heard on the radio or from jukeboxes in the black section of town. He played the
guitar before switching to violin.

"My stepfather went and got one at an old furniture store and put some kind of
strings on there," he recalled. "I didn't know how to tune it; I didn't know
what the bow was for."

He first tried out for Monroe, the "father of bluegrass," at 14 and was
rejected. He was an instant sensation when he joined Monroe in 1949 at age 20.

"His first recording with Bill was 'New Mule Skinner Blues,' " Grisman said.
"His solo on that recording is one of the cornerstones of bluegrass fiddle
playing."

Mr. Clements worked with Monroe until 1956. He struggled with alcohol in the
early 1960s and dropped out of music for several years before moving to
Nashville in 1967. In the late 1960s and early 1970s, he resumed touring with
Faron Young, John Hartford and banjo superstar Earl Scruggs before his
breakthrough appearance on "Will the Circle Be Unbroken." He made his first
record under his own name ("Crossing the Catskills") in 1973 and, the same year,
performed with Garcia and Grisman on "Old and In the Way," one of the
top-selling bluegrass albums ever.

He appeared in Robert Altman's 1975 film "Nashville" and continued to perform at
festivals, concerts and bluegrass clubs until February.

Mr. Clements was proficient on viola, cello, string bass, guitar and banjo, but
his primary instrument was the violin. He played a 400-year-old French violin
given to him by Hartford, with the head of a bearded man carved on the scroll.

His marriage to Jean Clements ended in divorce. His wife of 34 years, Millie
Clements, died in 1998.

Survivors include two children from the first marriage and three from the
second, and 12 grandchildren.

In an interview last year with the puremusic.com Web site, Mr. Clements
reflected on his long career: "When I think of how long I've been playing, I
think, 'Golly bum, I'm getting old.' "

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post

                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 07, 1999, Friday

Donna the Buffalo sounds, feels fine

BYLINE: JORGE SANCHEZ

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pop Beat; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 409 words



"We're a happy band," says the leader, and its free-wheeling, good-time music
shows it.

Take a Cajun fiddle, zest it up with an accordion shuffle and let them ride atop
a good-time guitar groove, and you come up with the tasty musical gumbo known as
Donna the Buffalo.

With the release of its third CD, Rockin' in the Weary Land, the band continues
to refine its mountain music-based sound into an engaging contemporary form. The
music evolves from the roots of zydeco, Appalachian and bluegrass styles but is
freshened by a breeze of excellent songwriting and arrangements.

At the core of Donna the Buffalo is Tara Nevins, whose accordion and fiddle give
the band its lively sound. Nevins is also the band's principal songwriter and
sings lead on about half the cuts.

"Our creative process involves a lot of jamming. I have to decide which
instrument to play, the accordion or fiddle. It's like a condiment and it's what
sets us apart from other guitar bands," Nevins said.

Donna the Buffalo is gaining a fan base in Florida, largely from playing folk
festivals at Live Oak and repeated engagements at Skipper's Smokehouse in Tampa.

"We fell into a good thing here," Nevins said. "Considering we live in New York
City, we have the healthy beginnings of a pretty good fan base."

Fans all along the East Coast are beginning to catch on to Donna the Buffalo's
sound. It's a crisp blend of mostly acoustic instruments. The band likes to play
interlocking rhythms, with Jim Miller and Jeb Puryear trading guitar licks that
are often intertwined with Nevins' fiddle or accordion. The rhythm section of
Tom Gilbert on drums, Jed Greenberg on bass and Joe Thrift on organ and piano
gives the free-wheeling front trio a solid takeoff ramp.

Most of the band members gained their musical talents by playing and listening
to old-time mountain music.

"We all play roots music. That's the old-time Appalachian and hill music played
all the time at festivals in North Carolina and the Virginias," Nevins said.
"It's definitely a roots music thing."

She said the musicians picked up the Tex-Mex, zydeco and reggae rhythms that
weave in and out of their songs as their musical tastes broadened.

The lyrics, sparked by Tides of Time, Sailing and Faith to Believe, all written
by Nevins, point to an inner joy that's a perfect fit for the feel-good rhythms.

"We're a happy band," she said. "We have a laid-back way of presenting
ourselves."


LOAD-DATE: May 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Publicity photo; musical group Donna the Buffalo

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company

                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 1, 1979 Saturday

Ukulele Ike might have been called Braguinha Bill

BYLINE: Robert Turnbull; GAM

LENGTH: 379 words

DATELINE: Hilo HAWAII


BY ROBERT TURNBULL
                                                                       HILO
     THE UKULELE wasn't invented. It just grew. But no one seems to know for
 sure how it originated.

One thing is certain, the Hawaiians didn't greet Captain James Cook,
 discoverer of the islands, with ukulele music.

Historians are generally agreed that the instrument came to the
 islands from Portugal, possibly as early as 1897. A large number of
 Portuguese immigrants landed on the Big Island of Hawaii about that time,
 coming to work in the sugar cane fields. Many of them brought along a
 tiny, four-stringed instrument called a braguinha. They also carried
 guitars and five-stringed rajaos.

The guitar already was known and liked in Hawaii, but braguinha and
 rajao were curiosities to the Hawaiians.

Bob Krauss, a Honolulu newspaperman, has found references in state
 archives to a man named Joao Fernandes who borrowed a braguinha from a
 fellow passenger and played the tiny instrument on the pier to the
 delight of Hawaiian bystanders.

That may have the beginning of the ukulele, which many musicians of
 the time termed a hideous small Portuguese fiddle or a taro patch fiddle.
 The man in the street and the girl in the grass skirt nevertheless
 loved it and adopted it as Hawaii's own instrument.

How it got the name ukulele is a matter of conjecture. The literal
 Hawaiian meaning of the word is little thing that jumps - in shorter
 form, the flea. Some folk assert it was named about 1879 after an
 Englishman, Edward Purvis, a little, nimble-fingered chap who could strum
 a braguinha with astonishing speed and dexterity. The larger, slow-moving
 Hawaiians nicknamed him Ukulele, and in due course the instrument was
 called after him.

No ukulele music I ever have heard can surpass the playing of the
 Waiakea Intermediate School Ukulele Band. It has to be heard to be
 believed. A group of high school youngsters, roughly 100 strong, playing
 ukuleles and guitars in compositions which range from classical to pop.
 They are simply wonderful kids. They are so good that the band has
 performed a number of times in California, Colorado and Mexico. They
 would be a young, fresh hit, too, in Canada if given an opportunity to
 play, say, at Ontario Place or the Canadian National Exhibition.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1979 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             April 13, 2014 Sunday

Auge de licores artesanales

BYLINE: Por Bob Susnjara Para Reflejos

SECTION: REFLEJOS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 880 words


Pequeños lotes de ginebra, whisky y otros licores están dirigiendo una racha de
crecimiento empresarial en Illinois.

Las licencias para destilerías artesanales casi se han duplicado en Illinois en
el último año, y el debut de Copper Fiddle Distillery en Lake Zurich es el
ejemplo más reciente de la expansión de la industria.

Illinois es parte de un auge nacional en destilerías artesanales, que los
expertos dicen está ocurriendo debido a los cambios en leyes estatales que son
más favorables hacia la industria y a que los bebedores quieren algo diferente.
Penn Jensen, Director Ejecutivo de American Craft Distillers Association,
compara a los productores de bebidas artesanales de alta graduación a cuando el
movimiento de cervezas artesanales se encontraba en sus primeras etapas.

"Yo creo que la primera cosa (con las pequeñas destilerías), como con la cerveza
artesanal, es una expansión en gustos, una expansión de su paladar", dijo
Jensen.

A pesar del entusiasmo acerca de las destilerías artesanales, el experto en
whisky con sede en Chicago Charles K. Cowdery dijo que no es un negocio
sencillo, particularmente para aquellos que quieren ganarse la vida con eso.
Dijo que las destilerías deben ser muy agradables para el visitante en su
ubicación, distribución y personal.

"Sea hiper-local. A la gente le gusta la idea de apoyar a su productor de
alcohol del barrio. Cultive eso como loco y no se preocupe por conquistar el
mundo", dijo Cowdery.

Los residentes de Hawthorn Woods, José Hernández y Fred Robinson, con la ayuda
de sus familias, ofrece ginebra y whisky diferente de las principales marcas
ahora que Copper Fiddle Distillery ha surgido en el panorama artesanal en la
Ruta 22 en Lake Zurich.

Parecida a otras destilerías de pequeña escala, Copper Fiddle tendrá un área de
pruebas y de ventas al por menor. Hernández y Robinson también tienen intención
de colocar sus dos tipos de ginebra y whisky en los anaqueles de los minoristas
y en restaurantes del área de Lake Zurich.

Hernández, de 59 años, quien sigue trabajando como un arquitecto y se ha metido
en la investigación de destilerías de lotes pequeños, dijo que solo se utilizan
granos y barriles del medio oeste para los productos de Copper Fiddle. Dijo que
él ve el negocio de las destilerías artesanales como una última pieza en la
tendencia de consumo local.

"Volvemos a hacer lo que la gente ha hecho durante cientos de años", dijo
Hernández. "Solo que lo estamos haciendo pequeño y local en lugar de
conglomerado e internacional".

Illinois tenía aproximadamente 10 destilerías artesanales con licencia hace un
año. Los registros más recientemente disponibles del Illinois Liquor Control
Commission muestran que hay ahora 19 destilerías artesanales con licencia, con
siete de ellas en la parte suburbana del Condado de Cook y el Condado de Lake y
seis en Chicago.

La ley estatal limita a los pequeños productores a 30,000 galones de licor
destilado anualmente. Cinco destilerías artesanales recibieron su licencia en el
2011, un año después de que una ley permitiera las ventas directas en el lugar
al público, según la comisión de control de licor.

A nivel nacional, la American Craft Distillers Association proyecta que la cifra
aumente de 320 a 1,000 operaciones con licencia para finales del 2015. Menos de
60 destilerías artesanales existían en los EEUU a principios de la década del
2000, según la asociación.

Florida e Indiana promulgaron nuevas leyes el año pasado que los proponentes de
las destilerías artesanales dijeron hace más fácil abrir y vender directamente a
los consumidores. "Los estados apenas comienzan a darse cuenta de que la
prohibición ya pasó", dijo Jensen.

Aunque el concepto de apoyar a las destilerías locales pudiera parecer noble,
los negocios no sobrevivirán a menos que ofrezcan algo diferente y los productos
tengan buen sabor, dijeron conocedores de la industria.

Jeff Walsh está a punto de buscar aprobación federal de etiquetado para un
ginebra "seco americano" que planea producir para su Windy City Distilling en
Wheeling, que aún no abre al público. Dijo que las destilerías a pequeña escala
necesitan creatividad porque las grandes empresas de licores no se han quedado
quietas. "Si es otro whisky como Maker's Mark, entonces mejor compro el de
Maker's Mark", dijo Walsh.

Jensen dijo que los pequeños productores también pueden tratar de revivir
recetas que han estado latentes por mucho tiempo, que es el caso en una
destilería artesanal en Kentucky que fabrica whisky Old Pogue con el mismo sabor
que tenía hace más de 100 años.

El Tom Gin de Copper Fiddler será un ejemplo de cómo una pequeña destilería
puede ofrecer un producto poco común, dijeron los co-propietarios. Hecho con
diversos ingredientes botánicos, el ginebra es almacenado brevemente en barriles
de whisky usados una vez para absorber el sabor y color de la madera.

Robinson, de 62 años, un profesional del golf, dijo que está entusiasmado acerca
del potencial de su whisky en base a los resultados de pruebas de sabor. Es
destilado en un alambique de cobre de Arkansas en la parte posterior de una
tienda de 2,100 pies cuadrados en Lake Zurich.

Robinson dijo que los comentarios positivos que recibió acerca del whisky
incluyeron a catadores independientes y a un maestro destilador artesanal de
Michigan.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photos by Bob Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.com Jose Hernandez, left,
and Fred Robinson of Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich produce small-batch
bourbon and gin in their artisan business. Foto: Bob Chwedyk José Hernández
(izq.), y Fred Robinson de Copper Fiddle Distillery en Lake Zurich producen
whisky y otros licores en su destilería artesanal. Jose Hernandez, left, and
Fred Robinson of Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich produce bourbon and
other spirits in their artisan distillery.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           November 26, 2005 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

CD REVIEWS;
Strings attached in CDs by Uncle Earl, Reid, Andersen

BYLINE: Stephen A. Ide

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 475 words


SHE WAITS FOR NIGHT, Uncle Earl (Rounder)

The great thing about the string-band quartet Uncle Earl is they have dispelled
any ill-conceived notion of being a novelty all-female act.

On their second CD, â[#x20ac]oeShe Waits For Night,â[#x20ac] founding member KC
Groves and Co. have cultivated a mix of songs that are organic, pure and
blissfully addictive to hear.

Members Groves, Kristin Andreassen, Rayna Gellert and Abigail Washburn delve
into the traditional with quick-moving fiddle tunes (â[#x20ac]oeBooth Shot
Lincolnâ[#x20ac]), sweetly blended a cappella numbers and a touch of old-time
clogging. This production (by Dirk Powell) is uncluttered and allows the
bandâ[#x20ac][TM]s sound to shine.

The opening track, â[#x20ac]oeWalkinâ[#x20ac][TM] in My Sleepâ[#x20ac] is a
fiddle tune with rollicking banjo that sets a pace and an upbeat mood for the
CD. The bluesy a cappella of â[#x20ac]oeDivineâ[#x20ac] is sung around one
microphone, and really symbolizes the oneness of this group, as their voices
blend.

Their tunes will appeal to fans of old-time music, folk, bluegrass and country,
as they draw from arrangements of old recordings and brother groups, like the
Cofer Brothers.

Their groupâ[#x20ac][TM]s presentation is energetic and unified. They all sound
like theyâ[#x20ac][TM]re having fun, which translates into good listening.

Uncle Earl is next scheduled to play Massachusetts on May 13, at the Joyful
Noise Coffeehouse in Lexington. Check uncleearl.net for updates.

CHRISTMAS MORNING, Harvey Reid and Joyce Andersen (Woodpecker Records)

Thereâ[#x20ac][TM]s something special about picked acoustic guitar or autoharp,
a sweetly played fiddle and perfectly blended voices to set the mood for the
holiday season.

On â[#x20ac]oeChristmas Morning,â[#x20ac] Maine folk performers Harvey Reid
(guitar, mandolin and autoharp) and Joyce Andersen (fiddle) perform mostly
traditional melodies, with a few covers and originals. The mix of 10 songs and
eight more instrumentals â[#x20ac]" from folk to country â[#x20ac]" is perfect
for trimming the tree or mingling with friends and family.

Besides the traditional tunes, like the instrumental â[#x20ac]oeWe Three
Kingsâ[#x20ac] and the almost classically picked â[#x20ac]oeLittle Town of
Bethlehem,â[#x20ac] they sing a lovely duet in Willie Nelsonâ[#x20ac][TM]s
Christmas melody â[#x20ac]oePretty Paper.â[#x20ac]

After touching a cappella, the duo plays autoharp and fiddle to
Reidâ[#x20ac][TM]s â[#x20ac]oeNot Grieve the Dying Light,â[#x20ac] which Reid
calls â[#x20ac]oea prayer for the return of the light.â[#x20ac] Reid also sings
a memorable rendition of Stan Rogersâ[#x20ac][TM] sad tale of separation,
loneliness and despair, â[#x20ac]oeFirst Christmas Away From Home.â[#x20ac]

Reid and Andersen, who began performing in 2000, are masters of their
instruments, but more so, they have recorded beautifully crafted melodies that
set a relaxing and heartwarming tone for a busy season.

Reid and Andersen will perform at Club Passim, 47 Palmer St., Cambridge, on Dec.
16. For information, call 617-492-7679 or visit clubpassim.com. STEPHEN A. IDE

The Patriot Ledger

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger

                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                            March 16, 2013 Saturday

What's Happening in Oroville for March 16

BYLINE: Oroville Mercury-Register

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 2161 words


* Osher Lifelong Learning Institute seeks volunteer staff for new programs

Peer leaders, teachers and group facilitators are needed for new programs in
Oroville. The learning in retirement volunteer organization is based at Chico
State. Proposed classes in Oroville include navigating, modern technology, using
your I-Phone, etc., basic computer skills, basic finance, bookkeeping, art and
music appreciation and conversational Spanish. Those 55+ with an interest or
background in these topics or others should contact Ann Nikolai, director of
Osher at Chico State, 898-5858; or Lynndee Caput, Oroville, 533-0780.
rce.csuchico.edu/osher.

* 47th annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and
Picking Championship March 15-16

The event starts 3 p.m. Friday at Oroville Municipal Auditorium with an opening
ceremony, followed by competition in the Fiddle Division: Senior-senior (70 and
older); Senior (60-69). Awards at 5:50 p.m. The Saturday schedule is: 7:30 a.m.
registration; 8 a.m. competition for Fiddle Divisions; Young adults (18-36),
Junior (13-17), Junior-junior (9-12), and Pee Wee (8 and younger). Also Adult
(37-59), Open (any age), Junior twin (17 and older), Open twin (any age).
Picking competition begins with Open (any age) and Junior (17 and younger).
Awards for these divisions at approximately 8 and 9 p.m. Schedules, rules and
registration forms at Houser's Music or Auditorium; or print from
www.orovilleoldtimefiddlers.com. Free admission, but donations appreciated. Food
sold. The Auditorium is at 1200 Myers St. Musicians from across California will
compete; the Old Time fiddle Association organization covers 10 districts, from
Redding to San Diego.

* Women's History Month Salad Tea Luncheon

The American Association of University Women will host their annual luncheon
starting 1 p.m. on March 16 at the Oroville Presbyterian Church, 2350 Foothill
Blvd. The program includes a look at women in the field of anthropology,
presented by Merrily Stover, and music by Katy Ryan and Matthew Mitchell.
Proceeds support Tech Trek, a week-long math and science camp at Davis for
seventh-grade girls. Tickets are $20 and reservation deadline is March 12. Call
Joline Hibbert, 533-5577, or email hibbjandj@oroville.com

* Annual Oroville Knights of Columbus dinner is March 16

Doors will open at 5 p.m. and the corned beef and cabbage dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. at St. Thomas the Apostle Church hall, 1330 Bird St. Also raffle
prizes and no-host bar. Cost is $10 for adults; $7 for seniors 65 and older; $5
for children ages 5-11. Tickets at the St. Thomas School Office, Marcozzi
Jewelers, Modern Cleaners and Briggs Firestone. For information, call Jim
Cupido, 533-5599.

* Oroville Hunger Walk to raise money and food for local hunger relief

The Cooperating Christian Churches of Orovillle organized this first walk to
start at Riverbend Park on March 16. Sign-ups begin 8:30 a.m., with coffee and
donuts served, followed by the approximately 2-mile walk at 9 a.m. Rest stations
will be set up at churches and vans will cruise the route to pick up those who
cannot complete the walk or wish to walk a short distance. Donations will be
accepted prior to the walk or the day of the walk. All money and food raised
will go to Feed the People Ministries, Oroville Rescue Mission, Oroville
Salvation Army, The Hope Center and other groups. Member sponsors are First
congregational Church, First United Methodist Church, Oroville Rescue Mission,
Raven Ministries, St. Paul's Episcopal Church, St. Thomas the Apostle Catholic
Church, The Hope Center, Trinity Bible Church and Trinity Presbyterian Church.
To make a donation or get involved, call 534-0354 or 534-9455.

* Artist of Rivertown Gallery and Gifts Kids Art Day. March 16

Children may learn about art by creating something to take home. Hours are 10
a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Gallery, 1931 Arlin Rhine. Also, regular free art show.
Regular hours are Tuesday Ð Saturday, noon-4 p.m.; open first Fridays until 7
p.m. for receptions. Call 534-7690 or visit www.artistsofrivertown.org.

* Oroville Library Recognizes Cenntennial of County Library System March 16

Oroville Library celebrates 100 years of service to the community beginning
10:30 a.m. Saturday at the library, 1820 Mitchell Ave. Refreshments will be
served and live music will played as guests browse through photographs of the
library's history. Images dating back to the beginning of last century will be
on display. The event is free and everyone is welcome. Call, 538-2569.

* Reservations are required for the annual Sutter Buttes Hike March 17

The hike on St. Patrick's Day is limited to 30 people and cost is $35 for
members and $40 for non-members. The hike is sponsored by the Butte County
Historical Society. Call 534-8146 or visit buttecountyhistoricalsociety.org for
more information or to make reservations.

* Oroville Aerie 196, Fraternal Order of Eagles Country Breakfast March 17

The Fraternal Order of Eagles will host their country breakfast 7:30-11 a.m.
Sunday. Ham, bacon or sausage, eggs, hasbrowns, biscuits and gravy, juice and
coffee will be available for $6.50. Breakfast will be served at the Eagles Hall
on the corner of Montgomery and Myers streets in downtown Oroville.

*Bolt's Antique Tool Museum showcases tools from war heroes

The Museum has created a series of displays with donated tools and military
service information about the donors. One features Lt. Col. Jack Bolt (not
related to the museum's founder) who was a Black Sheep Squadron pilot and flying
ace in WW II and the Korean War. The museum also houses tools from 4,000 years
ago thought to be made by Egyptians and Romans in 400 B.C.; a barbed-wire
collection, old gas pumps, blacksmith tools and more than 11,000 other tools.
Some gift items are also sold. The museum is at 1650 Broderick St. and is open
Sundays, 11:45 a.m. to 3:45 p.m.; Monday thorugh Saturday, 10 a.m. to 3:45 p.m.
538-2528 or 538-2415.

* Benefit Wine tasting March 21 for the Table Mountain Golf Club's Junior Golf
Program

Oroville Grocery Outlet will present the event, 5:30-7:30 p.m. in the Club's
banquet room, 2700 Oro Dam Blvd. (next to Oroville Airport). Sample six wines
for $5 per person. Bar & Grill open with full menu and special appetizers. The
program will receive a portion of proceeds. Call 533-3922 for Junior Golf
Program information; for wine tasting, call for Chris at 534-3940.

* VFW Post 9602 and Auxiliary will host a spaghetti dinner March 22

The dinner will be from 5-8 p.m. at Oroville Veterans Memorial Hall, 2374
Montgomery St. Dinner also includes salad with dressings and garlic bread. Cost
is $8 for ages 10 and older; free to those under 10. Separate dessert table.
Proceeds support the Post and Auxiliary activities and projects. Tickets
available at the door. Information, 532-0561.

* Oroville Ducks Unlimited fundraising banquet March 22

Purchase tickets now for the dinner at Feather Falls Casino, 3 Alverda Drive.
Doors will open at 5:30 p.m., followed by dinner at 6 p.m. The door prize this
year is a Polaris Sportsman ATV 550 with gun rack. The Gun Table Package is
$1,500, which includes eight prime rib dinners, eight Ducks Unlimited
memberships, eight entries into the door prize drawing, eight Ducks Unlimited
hats and glassware for eight. One member will win a gun with choice of either a
Browning BPS DU Edition 12-gauge shotgun, or a Savage Axis Scoped Rifle in .243,
.30-06 or .308 caliber. Also live and silent auctions, raffle, ladies raffle and
games. This event sells out. Tickets $75 single, $125 couple, $45 Greenwing
(youth), $395 sponsor, $435 sponsor couple. Supports wetlands conservation. Greg
Kostick, 515-2345, or Dan Daniluke, 534-8126.

* PAWS People for Pets Party is March 23

Annual benefit will feature a "Down Home" Country Spaghetti Feed, no-host beer
and wine bar, dancing to the country music of Jim Halsey and Jeff Rubeck and a
silent auction and raffle. Doors open 5:30 p.m. at Southside Community Center,
2959 Lower Wyandotte Road. Dinner, catered by Sherry McKenzie, includes garlic
bread, salad and dessert. Advance tickets are $18 or $20 at the door. Tables for
10 may be reserved in advance. For information or to reserve tables, call
589-1265. Tickets available at PAWS Thrift and Gift, Oroville; Heaven Scent
Candles & More, Paradise; and PAW Prints Quality, Chico.

* Butte College Foundation Spring Gala will be March 23

Four alumni will be recognized at this elegant all ages event, 6 p.m. in the
Sierra Nevada Big Room, 1075 E. 20th St., Chico. "Celebrating 25 Years of Giving
the Gift of Education" is the theme for the evening, with dinner and dessert
auction, a silent and live auction and entertainment. The four alumni are Kelly
Candaele, writer and filmmaker; Teri Dougherty, platform artist/hair designer;
Stephen Gonsalvs, principal architect at Nichols, Melburg & Rossetto Architects
and Engineers; and Larry Jones, Glenn County sheriff. The nonprofit auxiliary
foundation supports the college and its students, faculty and staff. Last year's
distributions included 387 scholarships. This year proceeds will provide more
scholarships and benefit athletics. Reservations are $100 each and some
sponsorships are still available. The Steve Harrison and LInda Zorn Foundation
is the event's major contributor. Sierra Nevada Brewing Company is at 1075 E.
20th St. For sponsorship or ticket information, call 895-2359 or email
foundation@butte.edu

* Bake sale by Oroville Hospital Jr. Volunteers

The volunteers annual bake sale starts at 9 a.m. March 28 in the hospital
cafeteria. Proceeds go to purchase their uniforms and the cost of their
Christmas party.

* Easter egg hunt and games at Berry Creek Grange March 30

The games at 10 a.m. and egg hunt for age groups 3-5, 6-8 and 9-10 at 10:30 a.m.
will be at the Grange, 1477 Bald Rock Rd. The egg hunt will be followed by a
bunny workshop, cupcake walk and bake sale. The activities are sponsored by the
Grange and Berry Creek School Parents Association and After School Program. This
is open to the public. For information, call 589-2695.

* Chili Cooks needed for cook-off

Thermalito Grange is in need of Chili cookers for their annual Chili Cook-off.
Applications are available now. The cook-off is April 6. Applications will be
taken until March 31. The entry fee is $10. For information call Cheri at
591-9018 or 532-4529.

* Dreams of Our Youth fundraiser April 6

The event, 5-10 p.m. with dinner, live entertainment, silent auction and raffle
drawings will benefit Butte County schools and the Four Winds of Education
Foundation. Held at Silver Dollar Fairgrounds, 2357 Fair St. in the art
building. Tickets are $30 one adult or $50 for two adults. This is 21+ event.
For tickets and donations, contact Terry Tozier, BCOE's Four Winds School,
879-7411 or email ttozier@bcoe.org For information, call 895-4666.

* Sixth annual Wildflower Festival is April 6

Feather River Recreation will host the festival, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., at Riverbend
Park. Vendors will offer items pertaining to wildlife and nature, including
native plant sales, photography, bug jewelry, custom carved signs, poppy seed
give aways and pony rides. Informational booths will also be set up. Free tours
will be given to Table Mountain with transportation available; $3 per person.
Call 533-2011 for hike times and more information.

* CPR and First Aid class at the YMCA

Advance registration and payment are required for the class on April 6, at 1684
Robinson St. The class will run from 8-11 a.m. Stop by the YMCA office or call
533-9622.

* Sank Park Craft Faire sign ups available

The Oroville Docent Association is looking for crafters to sign up for the
annual Feather Fiesta Days Craft Faire May 11. Participants may apply now for a
space at the Sank Park Lott Home in Oroville. Contact Carol at 589-1299 or
carolbrown60@comcast.net

* Vendor space for Feather Fiesta Days Goldrush Lot on May 11

Space reservations for food, game, information and product booths in downtown
Oroville may be made now. Contact Mike Isch, 534-9005, 589-0952 or 520-0258;
stop by Northwestern Trading Co.; or go to www.orovilllechamber.net (calendar of
events) for more information. Orovillle Downtown Business Association.

* Women's Coffee Social

A new drop-in social gathering for women in their 50s, 60s or older will be
forming in the Oroville area. The group will feature discussions about lifelong
learning, inspiration, fellowship, community resource, networking and more.
Those who are retired or new to the community are welcome. They will meet from
9:30-11 a.m. Wednesdays. Location is to be announced. Contact Lynndee Caput at
533-0780 or email lynndeecaput@yahoo.com

Nonprofit groups and community organizations can submit items for "What's
Happening in Oroville" by emailing the pertinent information to
whatshappening@orovillemr.com, fax it to 342-3617 or mail it to: What's
Happening in Oroville, P.O. Box 9, Chico, CA 95927. Please include your name and
telephone number on all correspondences.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

Charlie Walden Missouri old-time fiddle

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: LATEST NEWS; Travel; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 179 words


Charlie "Possum" Walden is a master of Missouri old-time fiddle, an energetic
style that requires fiddlers to articulate each note distinctly so the melody
can be heard even at tempos fast enough to propel dancers across the floor.

The Missouri repertoire is heavy on dance music -- Scotch-Irish jigs and reels
-- and includes more waltzes than other regional fiddle styles.

Walden hails from tiny Hallsville in central Missouri. He was 14 when he heard
the great old-time fiddler Taylor McBaine playing at a nearby gas station. He
got hold of a fiddle and started learning as much as he could from McBaine and
his peers. Soon Walden was playing house parties, dances, and winning his fair
share of fiddle contests. Both virtuoso and advocate for the Missouri style,
Walden has worked tirelessly to keep the style alive, taking on students,
writing articles and giving talks, all to help Missouri fiddling keep its own
identity.

He played the first National Folk Festival in Lowell in 1987.

SCHEDULE: Saturday, Market Street, 12:45 p.m., St. Anne's, 2:50 p.m.; Sunday,
3:30 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             April 10, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

Fiddle on fire;
Already considered a master of traditional fiddling, Erica Brown, at 22, is
bringing a special energy and style to the Maine music scene

BYLINE: ANN S. KIM Staff Writer

SECTION: IHERALD; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 715 words

DATELINE: LEWISTON


When Erica Brown was just a tot, she would sit on her grandfather's knee and
listen to him play French Canadian tunes on the harmonica. When he stopped,
she'd push his hand back toward his mouth to keep him playing. That love of
French Canadian music has been with Brown from the time she picked up the violin
at age 6 and into her career as a fiddler.

At age 22, Brown has 13 years of professional performances to her credit, three
CDs released under her name and her own band, Erica Brown and the Bluegrass
Connection. Considered a master of a traditional art by the Maine Arts
Commission, Brown also finds joy in passing her musical heritage on to a number
of students.

She does all this while juggling a couple of office jobs, working on a fourth CD
and attending school full time at the University of Maine at Augusta, where
she's pursuing a degree in jazz and contemporary music, with a concentration in
audio recording.

Her accomplishments are unusual for someone her age, said Greg Boardman, Brown's
first teacher who is the orchestra director for the Lewiston public schools and
a fiddle instructor at Bates College.

"She had love, she had talent and the drive," Boardman said.

Brown's first performances were with Maine French Fiddlers, a group that has
since disbanded. Don Roy, a fiddler and another of Brown's former teachers,
introduced her to that group and watched her performance up close.

Roy said Brown brings a liveliness and creativity to her music.

"For the music of her heritage and her age, there's no one any better," Roy
said.

Brown doesn't remember just how she decided as a child to pursue the fiddle, but
she's loved the instrument as long as she can remember.

"I never wanted to take a break from it. I never tired of it," she said.

Brown has 13 years of classical violin training under her belt but prefers
fiddle music with its improvisation and sense of fun. She plays the same jigs,
reels, hornpipes and waltzes played on the harmonica and button accordion by her
maternal grandfather, Edmond Parent, who lived in Grand Isle, by the New
Brunswick border, before moving his family to Lewiston.

For Parent, music was about entertainment, not performance, something he'd do
with buddies after a long week of work. He'd learn new songs in these sessions,
as he never learned to read sheet music.

It's a different world for Brown, who makes a conscious effort to keep the
tradition vibrant. It makes her a bit sad that the bands at Franco festivals are
often from Canada and that after performances, someone may tell her it's been so
long since he heard such music.

So Brown is excited when young people get hooked on the music.

On a recent day, in the basement office of the house Brown lives in with her
parents and three brothers, Brown was giving a lesson to 13-year-old Christie
Michaud of Greene.

Brown was a patient and pleasant teacher as she showed Christie how to press in
on the strings to get the desired choppy sound in a dotted hornpipe. Brown also
identified why Christie's bowing was awkward in the triplets of one song and
explained the remedy - playing more than one note in a stroke to get the bow
moving in the right direction.

Brown was encouraging as she played a new song, smiling as she told Christie it
was easier than it sounded. Brown played and explained the components before
they played together. They then worked a bit on improving Christie's rhythm.

"See, you fixed it just by hearing me play it. It's fixed," Brown said. "Cool!"

Christie receives her lessons through a traditional arts apprenticeship run by
the Maine Arts Commission.

Brown, who had been an apprentice under Roy, is one of the youngest masters in
the program, which includes a range of traditional arts, from quilting and
basketweaving to step dancing and Cambodian music, said Keith Ludden, a
community arts and traditional arts associate with the commission.

Christie had wanted to play fiddle since she was little and eventually her
parents got her an instrument on eBay. The family approached Brown about lessons
after a performance.

Brown saw a little bit of herself in Christie.

"Her interest and excitement in this music reminds me of myself," Brown said.
"She would play all day if she could."

Staff Writer Ann S. Kim can be contacted at 791-6383 or at:

akim@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Erica Brown and Bob Choiniere at the Franco American Heritage Center in
Lewiston last April.
'Imagine That'
'Just Taking Notes'
'Bowing the Strings'
Staff photos by Gordon Chibroski
Erica Brown has loved the fiddle as long as she can remember. She's had 13 years
of classical violin training but prefers fiddle music with its improvisation and
sense of fun. She plays the same jigs, reels, hornpipes and waltzes played on
the harmonica and button accordion by her grandfather.
Christie Michaud, at right, with her special Louis Mathiew fiddle tucked under
her chin, is one of 13 students who come to Erica Brown for expert fiddle
instruction.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                               May 5, 2006 Friday
                                  City Edition

Playing as one

BYLINE: JEFF KORBELIK, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: X; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 628 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


Lincoln's Shaw brothers close LAFTA season

John Shaw holds the fiddle to his chin, left hand on the fret.

Behind him stands younger brother Jason, bow in his right hand.

Jason then sets the "Orange Blossom Special" in motion, reaching around his
brother and pulling the bow across the strings.

Sometimes it's the other away around, with Jason holding the instrument and John
maneuvering the bow.

Sure, it's a gimmick  a definite crowd pleaser  but the performance is more than
that.

It's something deeper, something more significant.

It personifies the bond  a truly "special" one, some would say  between the
talented multi-instrumentalists from Lincoln.

It's a bond that developed when the duo were grade-schoolers traveling to music
contests as far away as Idaho with their parents, Jack and Dorothy.

Music was their passion; contests were their outlets.

"It was obvious very quickly that they picked this up easily," says longtime
Lincoln instrumentalist Steve Hanson, who taught both of them. "They were pretty
special."

Here's the kicker: Music never was a passing fancy for them.

That wasn't the case with everything. Dorothy remembers John with his
skateboard. How he rode it day and night, learning a variety of tricks.

"Had to be the best," she said.

Then one day, he stopped. Just put it aside and moved on to something else.

But not music. Never music. Jason's been the same way.

They kept at it. Still do. You can hear them on fiddle, guitar and mandolin
Saturday night at The Loft at The Mill, closing the LAFTA (Lincoln Association
for Traditional Arts) mainstage season.

"That's the one thing," Dorothy said, "both have really, really enjoyed it and
stuck with it."

And always together.

"It's easy for us to play with each other," John said. "We know each other so
well."

They are in their 30s now. John is 35 and Jason will turn 31 in a few weeks.
They work together, running DTX, a digital theater company on O Street.

But music is their love. Their goal is to release a CD so they can appease their
growing fan base  growing because they are so good now.

Not only did they compete in all those contests over the years, but they also
won several of them, including some of the big ones, such as the Walnut Valley
Festival in Winfield, Kan., where both garnered flat pick guitar titles. Jason
also had a fiddle trophy from there.

The Walnut festival is considered the contest of contests for instrumentalists.

Yet, ask either of them about it, and you'll get an "it's nothing" sort of
response.

Both are modest.

"Very modest," their mother said.

It seems appropriate. They rather would play a song for you than talk about
playing one.

When pressed, they'll share stories.

Like the time they appeared on a local children's television show with their
parents or played with fiddle great Mark O'Connor.

Their parents joined them for the TV show. Dad was on guitar and mom on piano.
The boys played their fiddles. The family still has the video and recently
popped it into the VCR.

"It was funny to watch," Jason admitted.

They met and performed with O'Connor, who played at the Lied Center a week and a
half ago, about 15 years ago at a contest in Arkansas. O'Connor remains one of
their influences.

As does local great Hanson, who routinely sits in with them, as well as players
such as Jimmy Olander, Dwight Lamb and Cyril Stinnett. Hanson said the Shaws are
not far behind the greats.

"They are arguably the most talented (students) I've ever had," he said.

So talented they can play a fiddle classic as one.

Reach Jeff Korbelik at 473-7213 or jkorbelik@journalstar.com.

IF YOU GO

What: The Shaw Brothers, Lincoln Association for Traditional Arts

Where: The Loft at The Mill, Eighth and P streets

When: 7:30 p.m. Saturday

Tickets: $17, $10 students, $1 for children under 12; available at the door

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John (left) and Jason Shaw are scheduled to perform at The Loft at The
Mill. COURTESY PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved

                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            November 7, 2008 Friday

Take 5

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 376 words


Holistic holiday fair

What do angels, fairies and trinkets have in common? Find out at the Holiday
Fair organized by the Advocates of Holistic Healing in Nashua on Sunday from
9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. The fair features more than 50 exhibits of arts, crafts,
jewelry and holistic services. Activities and entertainment for children will be
provided by the Lil' Iguana Children's Safety Organization. The Holiday Inn, 9
Northeastern Boulevard, Nashua, N.H.

Prints, poetry & party

Lowell-based photographer and poet Gary Duehr will have a Holiday Sale at the
Vernon Street Open Studios in Somerville. His prints range from $10 to $50,
while framed prints start at $100, and poetry books like OOPS: 18 Prayers for
Britney Spears will sell for $5. After party at Elixir Bar will feature live
bands from 5-7 p.m. Tomorrow and Sunday, noon-5 p.m., www.garyduehr.com,
www.vernonstreet.com.

Indian Hill wine tasting

Color, clarity, smell, flavor. That's all you'll need to know at Indian Hill's
wine tasting benefit for the orchestra. More than 100 fine wines from around the
world, food tastings, and jazz music will be featured. Attendees can bid at the
silent auction on rare wines, food baskets and wine accessories and also receive
20 percent off all wines ordered that evening. $25 per person. Friday, Nov. 14,
from 6-9 p.m. at 36 King St., Littleton. (978) 486-9524 x116 or
www.indianhillmusic.org.

From Paris to Andover

in song and dance

Andover Chamber Music presents the New York Festival of Song, "The Last Time I
Saw Paris," in the West Parish Church in Andover on Sunday at 4 p.m. French
songs will be performed by mezzo-soprano Julie Boulianne, tenor Paul Appleby and
pianist and arranger Steven Blier. The group combines music, poetry, history and
humor to create an exciting performance. Tickets $30, students and children
free, www.AndoverChamberMusic.org.

Fiddle by yourself

If Riverdance gets you fired up and excited, it's because of the incredible
fiddle playing. Now you can play too - thanks to Boston fiddle expert and
performer Ellery Klein, who released The Complete Idiot's Guide to Playing the
Fiddle in October. The guide includes more than 80 Celtic tunes with illustrated
fingering keys and a 90-minute DVD. Price is $21.95 at most major bookstores.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 13, 2011 Saturday

Family moves fiddle contest forward

BYLINE: Amanda Lillie, Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 444 words


Aug. 13--The Mower County Fair Fiddlers' Contest was a family affair on Friday.

Three of the four contestants were members of the Lawhead family, with
six-year-old Henry Jacobs and his dad, Peter Jacobs, also joining in the
fiddling fun with a duet.

The contest, headed by Brandon Lawhead, has been running since 1977. According
to Lawhead, it's the longest running fiddle contest in Minnesota.

"It's kind of a little niche," he said. "A lot of people like that kind of
music, especially in rural areas."

Lawhead, who played fiddle with big names like The Who and The Moody Blues while
in law school, said he was disappointed when the Fiddlers' Contest wasn't on the
2011 Mower County Fair schedule, so he decided to organize it.

"There's been a lot of musicians who have played at the contest and done very
well professionally," he said. "It's something that's been in the community for
a very long time, so I called them up and asked if we could continue it."

Although attendance isn't what it once was, Lawhead has hopes of expanding the
contest. He said he would like to see more divisions and more prize money so it
becomes a more well-known, well-attended contest.

The contest has two divisions now -- Junior category and Senior category. First
prize is usually $25, Lawhead said.

This year's contest was especially significant for the Lawhead family because
Twanda Bickford, Lawhead's sister, picked up a violin for the first time in 20
years.

Tawanda Bickford plays the fiddle during the fiddle contest Friday afternoon at
Fair Squard at the Mower County Fair. -- Eric
Johnson/photodesk@austindailyherald.com

When Lawhead called her to the stage, Bickford addressed the crowd: "Every year
(when I was a kid), I would tell my brothers, 'Nope, I'm not gonna do it! I'm
not gonna practice!' Today I haven't touched a violin for 20 years ... but I'll
give it a whirl."

Lawhead's son, 10-year-old Brock Lawhead, placed first in the contest. He has
been taking lessons for six years and said he "loves fiddling."

"The contest is challening," he said. "You get to play in front of people,
which, as a violinist, doesn't happen very often.

"You can kind of express yourself in music."

Six-year-old Jacobs, who has been taking lessons for two years, placed second at
the contest. His dad, Peter Jacobs, accompanied him on accordion.

To see more of the Austin Daily Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.austindailyherald.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Austin Daily Herald,
Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110813-1AU-Family-moves-fiddle-contest-forward-0813-20110813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AU


                       Copyright 2011 Austin Daily Herald

                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                              July 12, 2010 Monday

Review: Folk: Seth Lakeman Hard Rock Cafe, Manchester 3/5

BYLINE: Dave Simpson

SECTION: GUARDIAN REVIEW PAGES; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 323 words


Seth Lakeman has managed to sell folk to people who buy four CDs a year from the
supermarket by creating the musical equivalent of the bodice-ripping
blockbuster. The fiddle-playing top 10 star is a dark, brooding presence,
something like Heathcliff played by Oliver Tobias. His songs - derived from
ancient Dartmoor tales - are full of white knights embracing passionate
servants, and romantic tragedies acted out on desolate moorlands, often
involving a busty maiden.

Latest album Hearts and Minds shifts towards songs about ordinary working people
- there is, presumably, a limited supply of marooned ghosts on Dartmoor after
all - and he is seeking to further slay the charts with an even more commercial,
rockier sound. Snare drums crack like cannons while Lakeman stomps around the
stage. His thumping rhythms seem almost genetically programmed to provoke
curious dancing from presumably very wild women.

This mainstream-friendly folk mutation is perhaps closer to the council-funded
bands that appear in small towns on Saturdays accompanied by morris dancing than
to Kate Rusby or Nick Drake. Elsewhere, he edges ever closer to Scots rockers
Runrig and Big Country and, also to the Charlie Daniels Band's 1979 fiddle
-duelling smash The Devil Went Down to Georgia. However, with Lakeman's fiddle
as hypnotic as the pied piper's, and the man playing with such gusto, it's
undeniably compelling. Kitty Jay, delivered with just fiddle and stomping foot,
is a thrilling justification of his 2005 Mercury nomination. Then the band
rejoin him for more whooping, singing and dancing. It's hard not to suspect that
one day Lakeman may need his knights to rescue him from the ghastly fate of
being seen as folk's version of Michael Flatley. Nevertheless, it takes a
special performer to have an audience chanting "Ooh ooh" at a folk gig, which
may be a good thing.

Dave Simpson

At Frome festival on Wednesday. Box office: 0844 412 4642. Then touring.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                             July 6, 2006 Thursday
                                  Eire Edition

MEGAN MULLINS.. A STAR ON THE HORIZON;
ARTISTS IN THE SPOTLIGHT

BYLINE: ROGER RYAN

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 378 words


I WENT along to the Grand Ole opry last week to see new artist Megan Mullins in
action and if the reaction she got from the 4,000 strong audience is anything to
go by, then this lady is destined for stardom in the Country music business.

Indiana native Megan Mullins began studying violin at 18 months, using the
Suzuki method. At three-year-old she won the Indiana State Fair Showmanship
Award at the State Fiddle Championship performing 'Rocky Top'.

Soon after, Mullins and her brother Marcus were performing together, eventually
appearing on the Grand Ole Opry.

Mullins became Concert Master in the Fort Wayne Youth Symphony at 10 and won the
Ohio Grand Champion Fiddle contest the same year.

She followed up the next year with a win at the Young Artist Classical
Competition in Fort Wayne, Indiana.

Mullins has performed at fairs, festivals, coffee houses, pubs, churches and the
CMA Music Festival. She also studied dance and gymnastics and graduated early
from high school at age 15.

Proficient on violin, mandolin, guitar, piano, bass, clarinet, and accordion,
today Mullins is part of the Nashville Star house band.

She's toured with Catherine Britt and Sherrie Austin playing fiddle and
contributing background vocals, as well as appearing in Austin's videos,
'Streets of Heaven' and 'Drivin' Into the Sun.'

Mullins, who signed with Broken Bow Records and who cites Patsy Cline, Alison
Krauss and Dolly Parton as musical influences, has released her first single,
AIN'T WHAT IT USED TO BE, written by Tony Martin and Mark Nesler. Grammy winner
Randy Scruggs produced the project, set for release in July.

IN HER OWN WORDS: Which song would you secretly like to cover?

"It wouldn't be a secret if I told you!"

What CD is on your stereo right now?

"A Ryan Adams CD."

What is your pet peeve?

"I don't have a pet peeve, but I do have a pet dog, Maxie."

Do you have a lucky charm?

"Cross necklaces from my parents."

Which mode of transportation do you prefer - planes, trains or cars?

"Tour Buses!"

What actor would portray you in a biopic about your life?

"Natalie Portman"

When they look back on your life in 50 years, what do you hope people say about
you?

"What a lady."

What a lady indeed and what a performer. Look out for her, you'll be hearing a
lot more about her in the future.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TALENT: Megan Mullins

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2006 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 16, 2013 Monday

BRIEF: Fiddling, photographing and tweeting at Lyons Fiddle Festival

BYLINE: Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 59 words


Sept. 16--The Lyons Fiddle Festival on Saturday and Sunday drew record crowds.
Many attendees posted photos and tweets from the event on social media. Here's
what they had to say (and see):

©2013 Reading Eagle Company

___ (c)2013 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130916-RE-BRF-Fiddling-photographing-and-tweeting-at-Lyons-Fiddle
-Festival-0916-20130916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2013 Reading Eagle

                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 9, 2009 Sunday

Traditional Arts Indiana at the state fair

BYLINE: Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 403 words


Aug. 9--BLOOMINGTON -- Traditional Arts Indiana, based at Indiana University,
has been participating at the Indiana State Fair for the past decade. This year,
the group will have a major exhibition in the Home and Family Arts Building,
along with hosting duties for the Indiana State Fair Fiddle Contest Saturday.

Exhibit

In the exhibit, fairgoers can see the works of more than 30 Hoosier folk
artists, craftspeople and musicians, from hoop-net makers and African American
quilting to handmade chocolates and fiddle tunes, showing the state's rich
cultural heritage as well as "the emergence of folkways brought to the state by
its immigrant communities," it says in an announcement released Friday.

In conjunction with the exhibit, the following demonstrations will take place:

--Today: Larry Hopkins, fiddle, mandolin and guitar builder.

--Saturday: Roy Spight, African drum making, and Harold Klosterkemper, fiddle
tunes.

--Aug. 16: Viki Graber, willow basketry, and Carol Powers, Ukrainian eggs.

--Aug. 22: Sisters of the Cloth, African American quilting, and Dan Cain,
hoop-net making.

--Aug. 23: James Yang, Chinese calligraphy.

Fiddle contest

The fiddle contest features everyone from talented children to seasoned
professionals at the Pioneer Village at the fairgrounds. The Not-Too-Bad
Bluegrass Band will perform at noon.

TAI Day

Aug. 20 is Traditional Arts Indiana Day at the fair, which features Indiana
Bluegrass on the Main Street Stage, with such groups as Olivia Smiley's
Bluegrass Band and the White Lightning Boys performing throughout the day.

Then at 3 p.m., representatives from the State Fair and TAI will honor the
Indiana State Fair Masters, an award highlighting the work of longtime fair
participants. This year's honorees are Patti Light, a baton twirler from Boone
County, and Tuttle Orchard from Hancock County.

At the ceremony, they will also debut two short documentaries about each
honoree.

For more information about Traditional Arts Indiana, see
www.indiana.edu/~tradarts.

To see more of the Herald-Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldtimesonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Herald-Times,
Bloomington, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090809-BM-Traditional-Arts-Indiana-at-the-state-fair-0809

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2009 Herald-Times

                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            April 3, 1997, Thursday,

UNGAR AND MASON'S ROAD TO SUCCESS PAVED BY 'CIVIL WAR';
 THE MARRIED COUPLE DIDN'T EXPECT A LOT FROM THEIR FIDDLE TUNES FOR THE PBS
SERIES, BUT THEY GOT IT.

BYLINE: Ray Routhier Staff Writer

SECTION: GO, Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 726 words


Jay Ungar and Molly Mason recorded some traditional fiddle tunes for a
documentary called ''The Civil War'' and figured that was that.

The two longtime coffeehouse performers could not predict Ken Burns' acclaimed
1991 PBS series would cause such a sensation and make them instant celebrities.
But it did.

''We thought it would be a one-hour thing seen by a few thousand people,''
Mason, 43, said from the couple's home near Woodstock, N.Y. ''We had no idea the
impact it would have.''

But millions of people saw ''The Civil War.'' Mason and Ungar, who are married,
went from playing festivals and coffeehouses to appearing on national TV. Six
years later, they're still able to play to mainstream audiences, as evidenced by
their upcoming show Sunday at the Merrill Auditorium at Portland City Hall.

The pair will bring with them singer Natalie Merchant - a neighbor of theirs
from upstate New York - for an eclectic evening of music that ranges from
traditional folk fiddle tunes to country swing and jazz.

The two-hour show will feature one set by Mason (guitar and bass) and Ungar (
fiddle) playing with five other musicians on various combinations of piano,
banjo, mandolin, saxophone and clarinet.

Another set will feature Merchant singing some of her favorite songs, from
bluegrass and an Irish ballad to a jazz standard by Dinah Washington. Fans of
Merchant's pop hits - solo or with the band 10,000 Maniacs - might be
disappointed. She won't do any of those.

Sunday's concert will be taped for a radio variety program called ''E-Town,''
heard on public radio stations across the country, though not in Portland.
Besides the music, there will be a community service award presentation to a
Portland individual or group, as well as possible guests and interview segments.

Mason and Ungar first worked with Merchant when she was recording her hit album
''Tigerlily.'' Then they worked together when Merchant recorded a song for an
album benefitting pediatric AIDS victims.

''We had such a good time we thought about what else we could do,'' said Ungar,
50. ''She wanted to do more acoustic things.'' This will be the first concert
Mason and Ungar have done with Merchant, although they've done radio
performances with her before.

Mason and Ungar's musical partnership began in the late 1970s, when Ungar's
band, Fiddle Fever, was playing regularly at a coffeehouse in upstate New Yoark.
Mason was playing the same coffeehouse, and she eventually became the band's
bass player.

Both Ungar and Mason were attracted to traditional American music at an early
age. Ungar grew up in the Bronx, N.Y., and his parents were first-generation
immigrants (from Hungary and Macedonia). Both his parents often sang in their
native languages.

Partly because he grew up in an ethnic household, Ungar was drawn to the
historic music of America. He remembers watching western movies as a child and
being taken with the music.

Mason grew up in rural Battle Ground, Wash. Her father played mandolin, and her
uncle was a fiddler. Her family listened to country swing music, especially Bob
Wills.

By 1980, the pair were playing together and had started a traditional music and
dance camp in the Catkill Mountains of New York, in the town of Ashokan. A
couple of the years after the first session of Ashokan, Ungar wrote a haunting
lament called ''Ashokan Farewell.'' That song became the main theme to ''The
Civil War'' series.

The year the series came out, 1991, was also the year Mason and Ungar were
married. Since ''The Civil War,'' the pair have done music for other Burns'
documentaries on PBS, including ''Baseball,'' ''Empire of the Air'' and ''The
West.'' They're also frequent guests on the public radio series ''A Prairie Home
Companion'' and this year released their first studio album as a duo, ''The
Lovers' Waltz.''

The album contains new compositions - such as the title track - as well as a
collection of traditional songs from American and other cultures. Those range
from an Irish air (''Give Me Your Hand'') to a Finnish waltz (''Metsakukkia'').
Together, the tunes on the album would be perfect for a turn-of-the century
wedding in just about any Western country.

''It started by putting our favorite pieces together, but then we realized we
had a romantic theme, a love story in our minds,'' Ungar said.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: color;

Design by Kathy Jungjohann; Michael Weisbrot photo Ja;

 Ungar & Molly Mason with Natalie Merchant p.1D

                Copyright 1997 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.

                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Barrie Examiner

                            August 16, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Musical siblings sharing the spotlight in Utopia

BYLINE: Susan Doolan, Special To The Examiner

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 648  words


A multi-award winning brother and sister duo of out of British Columbia mark
their first major Ontario tour and their first performance in this area this
coming weekend.

Qristina and Quinn Bachand might have been here sooner, but both are full-time
students studying music.

Quinn is at Berklee in Boston, half-way through a full fouryear scholarship,
studying jazz, American folk roots and learning to play the slide guitar, which
is easier on his tendinitis than a guitar.

Qristina knows a little bit about that because it started to affect her after
she picked up the viola while working on her masters in traditional Irish music
in Ireland. "He loves the sound of it (the slide guitar) and has been listening
to Blue Hawaii a lot -that kind of vibe," Qristina laughed and then joked about
how they'll both be playing the slide guitar in Utopia. "I'm still playing
fiddle -no slide guitars. We both sing and he'll be playing banjo and guitar."

The duo marked their first professional gig at several festivals in B.C. and
Scotland back in 2008. It coincided with the release of their first album.
Relative Minors. Since then, they've racked up numerous awards and nominations
for their music including a nomination for Roots Duo/Group Recording of the Year
for their third album

Little Hinges at the 2015 Western Canadian Music Awards.

Between school, touring, and performing at festivals, they've managed to see
quite a bit of the world. Quinn, currently age 20, performed for a couple of
years as a duo with Ashley MacIsaac and has played in Natalie MacMaster's band
among other groups. As a duo, they've appeared in Scotland and Ireland where
they took home awards two years running, 2010-

2011 in addition to concerts across Canada and a couple of spots in the U.S.
Qristina, 25, did her undergrad in biology at the University of Victoria and
then did a masters in health sciences in the Netherlands. After she completes
her masters in traditional Irish music, she is planning on staying in Ireland
for a bit and is currently working on a solo CD.

She has also managed to have the last word, by her continued success, to being
bullied for playing fiddle music. It started in Grade 7/8 and culminated in a
broken fiddle -one of her classmates threw it down a flight of stairs, breaking
the neck offthe body of the instrument.

"That whole incident made me strive harder to do what I do and keep doing it,"
she said. "I just think those people don't deserve to stop me from playing music
and when I am around town performing, I feel really good and they see it -if we
have a show, a sold-out concert -I take pride in that."

Performing came naturally to them. Both started out playing the fiddle. Their
father who collected fiddles would accompany them to classical Suzuki lessons
and learned to play the violin at the same time. He would also practise with
them. He made guitars professionally, including the one Quinn plays. There were
lots of instruments in their home including a piano no one played and a
harpsichord.

"My parents were big music lovers -had a big record, CD collection," said
Qristina. "We were introduced to all kinds of music from a young age -jazz,
world music, folk."

For the upcoming show, they will be performing music from their most recent
album which includes a lot of original arrangements, a mix of new and
traditional tunes are often blended into one song. The result is an innovative
approach to traditional Celtic with a touch of folk roots. They also perform and
record songs with lyrics -the words come from traditional Irish and Scottish
ballads as well as some old-time American music.

Qristina and Quinn bring their music to the Utopia Hall, 8396 6th Line, Utopia,
on Saturday, Aug. 20 at 8 p.m. There is a buffet at 7 p.m. Tickets are $25, and
it includes the buffet. To reserve, call 877-499-4255. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Submitted, Photo; Qristina and Quinn bring their music to the Utopia
Hall, 8396 6th Line, Utopia, on Saturday, Aug. 20 at 8 p.m. There is a buffet at
7 p.m. Tickets are $25, and it includes the buffet. To reserve, call
877-499-4255.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Barrie Examiner
                              All Rights Reserved

                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sligo Champion

                                 June 30, 2015
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The lives of Sligo's trad musicians are brought to the silver screen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 468 words


The Sligo Masters, a film which looks at the lives of some of the county's most
famous traditional musicians, will be shown at the Art Deco Cinema in Ballymote
on Thursday, July 2nd at 8.30pm.

The film, which focusses in particular on the three great fiddle players -
Michael Coleman, James Morrison and Paddy Killoran - was filmed on location in
Sligo, New York and Dublin, and casts an eye on a time when these musicians were
to the forefront of traditional Irish music on the world stage. Of particular
interest here in Ballymote will be the the life of Paddy Killoran who was born
close to the town.

Born at the turn of the 20th century at a time when the music industry was
entering a period of huge change with the invention of the gramophone, Michael
Coleman and James Morrison became two of the most recognizable and admired
musicians in New York in the early 1920s. Both men had been born in Sligo -
Coleman in Killavil, Morrison in Drumfin, and both men had emigrated to the
United States. Upon their arrival, they quickly became well known for their
fiddle playing, and when the recording industry took a seismic shift in the
1920s when gramophone records made music widely available, both musicians
quickly became two of the most popular Irish recording artists of the time.

"I think what makes Coleman so unique was a combination of great technical
virtuosity and great expressiveness and great emotional power," is how Gregory
Daly, historian and musician, describes the public's reaction at the time to
Coleman's recordings.

The film describes how the Sligo musicians had such an influence on the
traditional music scene that for many, there was only one style of playing Irish
music, that which Coleman and Morrison had inherited from their own teachers and
peers when growing up in Sligo, people like Phillip O'Beirne, John Joe Gardiner
and Johnny Gorman.

Brian Conway also pays tribute to the Sligo style of music in the film. New York
born and bred, Conway learned the fiddle from Martin Wynne, a Sligo emigrant who
had followed Coleman to New York, and to this day Conway and other New York
musicians remain inextricably linked with a musical style which Coleman and
Morrison brought with them to the United States.

"For a long time, New York, and to a lesser extent Boston and Philadelphia,
that's where you heard pure traditional Sligo fiddle playing. A lot of it left
Sligo, so it stands to sense that those who followed in their footsteps -
Americans - would be very much influenced by that Sligo style."

The film was produced by Sligo-based production company Omedia, and the film is
narrated by Sligo fiddle player Oisín Mac Diarmada.

The Sligo Masters will have one screening in Ballymote, this Thursday, July 2nd,
at the Art Deco Theatre.

It forms part of the Connacht Fleadh Cheoil Programme.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Connacht Fleadh sponsors: David Mitchell, Padraig Rogers, Ciaran Hayes,
CEO of Sligo County Council, Gerry Gormley, Mark Conlon, Martina Gormley, Cllr.
Margaret Gormley and Pat Hough.Students of Corran College camped on an unhibited
island in Lough Key recently.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SGC


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 1, 2009 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

From Bluegrass to Swing, a Jam Where Everyone Dives In

BYLINE: By BETH SCHWARTZAPFEL

SECTION: Section NJ; Column 0; New Jersey Weekly Desk; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 785 words

DATELINE: LIVINGSTON


AS Mo  Menzel  sees it, those who attend the monthly concert and jam session at
her violin shop here can be divided into two groups:  pickers and grinners.

Pickers arrive at the shop,  MoFiddles,   with instrument in hand, ready to
play. Grinners just  sit back and listen. Ms. Menzel, 51, with  her irreverent
sense of humor, is a grinner.

Jay Ungar and Molly Mason, the  fiddle-and-guitar duo  who Ms. Menzel invited to
kick off last month's MoJam, are  definitely pickers. Once a month, the MoJam
attracts  those who play and love traditional music     to this  shopping
center.  The forums are usually free but occasionally carry a charge, in this
case $20.

On a frigid Thursday last month, Mr. Ungar and Ms. Mason, of Saugerties, N.Y.,
best known for their ''Ashokan Farewell,'' the musical cornerstone of the  PBS
documentary ''The Civil War,'' began with an hourlong performance. They played
Irish reels, klezmer music, waltzes and love songs, and often they invited the
sold-out audience of about 50  to sing along. ''If you don't catch on to the
words we're singing, use your own,''  Mr. Ungar said  in his introduction to his
swing tune, ''Backyard Symphony.''

Connor Dugan,   of Madison,  a virtuosic fiddler at only 16, joined them during
several songs. He recalled that he befriended the couple when he was 10 years
old; he knocked on their dressing room door during  intermission at one of their
performances with his violin in hand. ''Hi, I'm Connor,'' he said. ''Want to
play some tunes?''

Bluegrass jams and Irish sessions are as old as the music itself, with friends
and neighbors usually gathering informally in a local pub to play together. But
New Jersey has few such regular jams, and none that take the music as seriously
as this one, several people at the MoJam said. Usually,  Ms. Menzel said,
''they're run by some guy who likes to play and drink.''

''At mine, they like to play,'' she added. ''Because I bring in these special
guests, they hone up on their skills.''

Ms. Menzel had lived in Houston  for 25 years,   and was working in cardiac
research at the Texas Heart Institute there    when her father, Richard Menzel,
died suddenly. Mr. Menzel  founded Menzel Violins, a repair shop, in 1973, and
his daughter, who said she plays fiddle and mandolin only enough ''to demo an
instrument,'' moved back to her native New Jersey in 2000 to take over the
family business.  But she had a hard time finding her place in what she
described as the insular world of classical music.   So in 2003   she created
MoFiddles, a subsidiary of Menzel Violins dedicated to traditional music.

Strictly speaking, a violin and a fiddle are the same instrument. But according
to Ms. Menzel, the difference is in attitude. ''Do you want a vahhhse?'' she
asks, drawing out the word  with a laugh. ''Or a vase?''

''With classical music you have to train somebody,'' she said.  '' 'No! No! No!
Arm up up up!' Traditional is however it goes, just so long as the story gets
passed on. It's extremely important for traditional music to be passed down from
person to person.''

Which is where the MoJams come in. After the performance, around 20   audience
members pulled out their guitars, upright basses, fiddles and mandolins, and
pulled their chairs into a circle.  The youngest member was 16; the oldest, 81.
They were musicians, engineers, dentists, psychologists, professors and lawyers,
like Richard Crossin, of South Orange, who had come with his fiddle and his
fiddle teacher, Dan O'Dea, of Linden.   ''Most of the people here are just
dedicated amateurs who would otherwise not have a forum to kick back and play,''
Mr.  Crossin said.

Ms. Menzel stood up to announce the start of the jam. ''Who would like to lead
the first tune?'' she asked.

''Who knows 'Fisher's Hornpipe?' '' Mr. Ungar asked. ''In the key of D,
perhaps?''

And off they went.

Surrounded by hundreds of instruments, in rows of rich reds and golds, they
played ''Arkansas Traveler,''  ''Angeline the Baker,'' ''Tennessee Waltz.'' When
a song was unfamiliar, Mr. Ungar played the melody one phrase at a time and the
fiddlers played it back, while Ms. Mason showed the chords to the guitarists and
banjo players.

Mr. Dugan suggested a rollicking bluegrass tune called ''Whiskey Before
Breakfast,'' and before the plink   of the mandolins had died  down,   Mr. Ungar
called out the next one with a twinkle in his eye: ''Key of G! 'Temperance
Reel!' ''

The next MoJam acoustic concert and jam session is scheduled for  Thursday at 7
p.m.  with John Carlini, a guitarist and mandolinist, playing swing and jazz.
Free; donations accepted. 4260 Town Center Way, Livingston; (973) 994-1083.
mofiddles.com.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: TRADITIONAL: Far left, Jay Unger performs at last month's
MoJam. At left, Mr. Unger  and Molly Mason at the jam session. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY
AARON HOUSTON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company

                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                            April 21, 2004 Wednesday

Irish dining downtown;
Restaurant will occupy George Street building

BYLINE: By CARYN TAMBER Dispatch/Sunday News

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 367 words


A touch of old Ireland will be coming to York City's downtown when the Harp and
Fiddle restaurant and pub opens later this year on the first floor of the
Peterman building at 110 N. George St.

The York City Council last night approved the transfer of a liquor license from
Newberry Township to the city for use by the new business.

Building developer Joseph Wagman described the establishment, which he said will
open in September, as an authentic Irish bar serving "meals of Irish origin" and
more international food.

'More than pub food':Harp and Fiddle will not be "as fine dining as the Left
Bank, but it's more than pub food," Wagman told the council at a public hearing
on the liquor license transfer.

The city now has more than 70 liquor licenses.

The restaurant will be owned by James Fagan, who owns bars in Virginia and
Baltimore's Inner Harbor, Lancaster resident Gregory Moyer and Sydney Heat
executive Simon McKeown.

Sydney Heat, which sells Australian heating products, announced last week that
it would locate its East Coast sales headquarters in York. The company has plans
to move into a revamped Peterman building later this year.

Sydney Heat will occupy parts of the second an third floors, Wagman said
yesterday. Harp and Fiddle will be primarily on the first floor, but will use
some space on the second floor. The entire fourth floor and part of the third
floor will be occupied by Bennett Williams Coldwell Banker Realty.

Irish entertainment:Wagman said Harp and Fiddle may have outdoor dining on nice
days. The establishment also may try to book Irish-themed entertainment, such as
Irish dance groups and Celtic music.

It will be "something you'd expect on a street in Ireland if you went into a
pub," he said.

McKeown said York is "a tough market," but he said his partners have the
experience to make Harp and Fiddle succeed.

Members of the council also were enthusiastic about the restaurant and bar.

"It is good luck to invite the council to the opening," Councilman Joseph Musso
said.

-- Reach Caryn Tamber at ctamber@yorkdispatch.com .

class=subscribelink
'https://webgateway.inyork.com/CBWebserver/subscription.html'>Subscribe Now!

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 York Newspapers, Inc.

                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 4, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

NEW JERSEY GUIDE;
BIG BIRTHDAY CAKE

BYLINE: By Frank Emblen

SECTION: Section 11; New Jersey; Page 12, Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1076 words


In Atlantic City today, about 200 chefs and chefs-to-be will celebrate the
Fourth of July by putting together the world's biggest birthday cake. And for a
$2 donation, you are welcome to cheer them on and then have a slice of the cake,
which will enter the Guinness Book of World Records.

The cake, a replica of the United States flag, will be 220 by 80 feet and weigh
78,000 to 80,000 pounds, according to Franz V.Eichenauer, director of the
Academy of Culinary Arts in Mays Landing, who will lead his students and faculty
in an assault on the present record. That was set in Baltimore on July 4, 1976,
when a cake weighing 69,760 pounds was turned out.

The assembling of Uncle Sam's birthday cake will start at 9 A.M. in Convention
Hall on the Atlantic City Boardwalk. Following a brief parade, the cake will be
cut at 1:30 P.M.

Mr. Eichenauer and others thought he had set a world's record in 1980 with a
100-by-50 foot cake created in Peekskill, N.Y., as a fund-raiser for the
Peekskill Health Center. But that cake weighed a mere 28,000 pounds.

Even so, Mr. Eichenauer holds the record for the world's largest ice carving,
popcorn ball, sandwich, cookie and omelet. Ten thousand eggs, cooked in a
10-by-24-foot aluminum pan, were used in the omelet, and the sandwich was 1,058
feet long.

Proceeds from today's event will benefit the Atlantic Community College
Foundation. The culinary academy, a division of the college, was opened in
October 1981, in part to meet the need for food experts in the new Atlantic City
hotel-casinos.

Leftover cake will go to hospitalized children. But since Mr.  Eichenauer's 1980
effort yielded 50,000 slices, those who show up today to cheer him on might do
pretty well for their $2.

''Believe me, they can have all they can eat,'' he said. ''We've been baking 24
hours a day for days. It'll be great. The stars are seven to eight feet in
diameter and made out of sugar.''

BLUEGRASS TIME

Come Thursday at 8 P.M., it will be free bluegrass on the green grass of
Buccleuch Park in New Brunswick as the second summer concert in the New
Brunswick Tomorrow series gets under.

''We advise people to bring lawn chairs or blankets,'' said Angelo V. Baglivo, a
spokesman for the sponsor, who noted that picnics are part of the fun. ''Some
people bring bread and cheese, but a lot bring miniature feasts.''

The bluegrass festival will feature Larry Sparks and the Lonesome Ramblers, as
well as Fiddle Fever, which is described as a ''country fiddle music group.''
Mr. Sparks, lead guitarist and singer, has 18 bluegrass albums to his credit.

The Fiddle Puppets Cloggers from Gambrill, Md., will dance.  The festival's
producer and master of ceremonies is Geoff Berne of Cranbury, a bluegrass
musician and promoter who taught Shakespeare at the University of California
before he moved back East and organized the Englishtown Music Hall.

Financial support for Thursday's concert comes, in part, from the State Council
on the Arts and the Music Performance Trust Fund of Local 204, American
Federation of Musicians, A.F.L.-C.I.O.

Buccleuch Park is on Easton Avenue. In case of rain, the concert will be held in
the State Theater at 17 Livingston Avenue.  Information: (201) 624-2758.

On Saturday, Mr. Berne will not only produce and emcee another bluegrass
festival - this one at the Battlefield Arts Center in Manalapan - but also will
take the stage with his bass fiddle.

This concert - ''From the Blue Ridge Mountains to Brooklyn: An Evening of
Bluegrass and Traditional Music'' - starts at 8 P.M. and features three acts.
They are Jody Stecher, who plays guitar, fiddle and banjo; Charged Particles,
billed as ''progressive stylists,'' and the Lundy Brothers (Ted Lundy Jr. on
fiddle and mandolin and Bobby Lundy on banjo) from Delaware.

Mr. Stecher, who worked as a musician while attending City College in New York
between 1963 and 1968, was one of the original New York City bluegrass pioneers.
The Charged Particles is based in New York and is led by Marty Cutler, a
banjoist.

Mr. Berne and his bass fiddle will join the Lundy Brothers to wind up the show
on a traditional bluegrass note.  For tickets, write to the Battleground Arts
Center, P.O. Box 678, Freehold, N.J. 07728. The price is $5 ($4.50 for children
5 to 11 and the elderly). Children under 5 are admiited free. Add 75 cents per
order for handling. All tickets purchased at the gate will be $1 more.

NOTE: In case of rain, the concert will be canceled and refunds mailed.
Battlefield State Park is on Route 33 in Manalapan. Concertgoers are urged to
bring chairs or blankets and encouraged to bring picnic baskets.

Information: (201) 462-8811.

PHOTOS AT MONTCLAIR

The work of four photographers will be on display at the Simon Gallery in
Montclair through next Saturday. The photographers are Sharon Fox of Boston,
Steven Schwartzman of Austin, Tex., Vincent Serbin of Brick Town and Patricia
Vullo of Montclair.

Miss Fox and Mr. Schwartzman both utilize infrared film and, in addition, Mr.
Schwartzman uses a stereo camera to provide a striking three-dimensional effect.

Viewing devices dangle from cords on the wall where Mr.  Schwartzman's work is
displayed. When a gallery visitor picks up one of these optical devices and
focuses on a photograph, he is rewarded with a sense of participation, as well
as an intriguing image.

Mr. Serbin calls on the technique of multiple printing and Harold Simon, the
gallery owner, said of Miss Vullo's work: ''She creates scenarios using physical
and perceptual props; her designs are ambiguous tableaux open to our
interpretation.''

Miss Fox teaches photography at Harvard University, the Art Institute of Boston
and the Maine Photogrphic Workshops. Mr.  Schwartzman is the author of three
books: ''Stereo Infrared Landscapes,'' ''Hill Country Women'' and ''Bodies of
Light: Infrared Stereo Nudes.''

The Simon Gallery is on the second floor at 20 Church Street in Montclair. It is
open from noon until 6 P.M., Wednesdays through Saturdays, and by appointment.

Information: (201) 783-3778. Frank Emblen

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company

                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 13, 2011 Wednesday

40th annual Fiddlers' Frolics features complete Branson show, more live music

BYLINE: sonny long/slong@vicad.com, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 549 words


April 13--ADMISSION PRICES

WEEKEND PASS -- $35

Thursday night -- Free

Friday Night Inside Entertainment -- $10

Friday Night Songwriter Serenade -- $5

Saturday Fiddle Contest -- $7

Saturday Songwriter Serenade -- $5

Saturday Night Dance -- $10

Sunday Fiddle Contest -- $7

Children 12 & Under Free

SONGWRITER SERENADE

The fifth annual Songwriter Serenade will feature 25 semi-finalists out of 85
entries from across the county competing for more than $2,750 in prize money.

The semi-finals will be held at 6 p.m. Friday with the finals at 1 p.m.
Saturday.

The semi-finalists, in alphabetical order, are:

nLee Alexander, Houston

nVan Buchanan, Pearland

nLisa Byrn, Heath

nBrant Croucher, Cypress

nGarrison Doles, Orlando, Fla.

nStefanie Fix, Austin

nBrent Frailicks, Savoy

nNicolette Good, San Antonio

nKatie Gray, Austin

nKathryn Hallberg, The Woodlands

nPaula Held, Austin

nLeslie Krafka, Houston

nVanessa Lively, Austin

nMelissa Ludwig, San Antonio

nJordan Minor, New Braunfels

nZiggy Moonshine, Houston

nAmanda Mora, Driftwood

nJimmy Joe Natoli, Dale

nHavilah Rand, Austin

nMichael Romero, Austin

nRaina Rose, Austin

nJean Synodinos, Austin

nGary Taylor, Westcliffe, Colo.

nNick Verzosa, Bryan

nKeith Whitton, Nacogdoches

If you thought the annual Fiddlers' Frolics in Hallettsville was just about
playing the fiddle, think again.

While the Texas State Championship -- with about 150 fiddlers from across the
country competing -- continues to be the focal point, the 40th annual event also
features a wide variety of other entertainment, the Songwriter Serenade
competition, a barbecue cook-off (with sampling available for the first time), a
carnival and arts and crafts vendors.

"We've really tried to step up our entertainment across the board," said Kenneth
Henneke, one of the event organizers. "In addition to all the great fiddlers
that will be competing, our entertainment lineup is the probably best we've ever
had."

One of the entertainment highlights is Friday night's Joey Riley Comic and Music
Revue from Branson, Mo.

"I want to emphasize it's his whole show, two to two and a half hours of comedy
and music," said Henneke.

Riley has been featured in the Mickey Gilley Show in Branson since 1993 and
started his own act at Gilley's theater in 2004.

Before Riley and company take the stage at 9 p.m. Friday inside the Knights of
Columbus Hall, 321 S. U.S. Highway 77, Waylon Thibodeaux & Band will get the
crowd going at 7:45 p.m. with Cajun fare.

At 3:30 p.m. Saturday, outside the hall, Walt Wilkins & The Mystiqueros will
provide the music.

Saturday's dance inside the hall kicks off with Los Kolaches and is headlined by
Kyle Park.

On Sunday, the Tim Hall Band will wrap up the musical entertainment from 1 to 6
p.m.

Fittingly, given the level of entertainment at this year's event, the lone
inductee into the Fiddlers Hall of Fame will be the legendary musician Bob
Wills. His daughter and granddaughter are expected to be on hand to accept the
induction on his behalf, said Henneke.

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110413-VI-40th-annual-Fiddlers-Frolics-features-complete-Branson-show-more-liv
e-music-0413-20110413

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2011 Victoria Advocate

                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 23, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

OUT AND ABOUT ON MEMORIAL DAY;
CONNECTICUT

BYLINE: By Dirk Johnson

SECTION: Section C; Page 9, Column 1; Weekend Desk

LENGTH: 782 words


Memorial Day weekend in Connecticut will be marked by lobster festivals,
parades, car races, fiddle-playing contests and railroad tours.

Lobster Weekend marks the three-day holiday at Mystic Seaport. Lobster platters
with corn on the cob will be served outdoors daily from 11 A.M. to 3 P.M., as a
musician strolls the grounds singing traditional sea-chanteys and folk songs.
There will be demonstrations of sail-setting, whaleboat rowing, oystering and
fish splitting. The Charles W. Morgan - the last of the 19th-century wooden
whalers - and other ships will be dressed in colorful flags.

On Monday at 1 P.M., staff workers will don 19th-century costumes and re-enact a
small-town New England celebration of Decoration Day, first observed in 1868 to
honor the fallen soldiers of the Civil War. Patriotic speeches and songs are
scheduled, and a wreath will be set adrift during the memorial ceremony.

Mystic Seaport, in southeastern Connecticut, is accessible by taking Exit 90 off
Interstate 95 and following the signs to the seaport. Admission to the seaport
grounds is $8.75 for adults and $4.50 for children ages 5 to 15. Children under
5 are free. The lobster platter is $9.95. Information: (203) 572-0711.

Old-fashioned fiddle music will fill the air in Thompson all day Sunday. About
70 strummers will compete in the New England Fiddle Contest, expected to draw
about 25,000 listeners. Beer and food will be available. Admission is $4; $2 for
children and the elderly.

The festival, now in its 12th year, will be held at the Thompson Golf Course and
Speedway Complex, in northwest Connecticut. Take Exit 99 from Interstate 395 and
follow the fiddle signs. The gates open at 9 A.M., and competition is scheduled
from 10 A.M. to 7 P.M. Camping grounds are available nearby. The gates will be
closed when attendance reaches 25,000. Visitors are invited to bring picnic
food, Frisbees and radios, but no alcohol. Information: (203) 527-2540.

About 100 antiques dealers will show their wares at the annual outdoor show at
the First Church Congregational in Fairfield on Monday, from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M.
Admission is $2. You can reach the show by taking Interstate 95 to Exit 22 and
following the signs to Beach Road. Information: (203) 259-8706.

The most traditional Memorial Day celebration of all - a parade - steps off in
downtown Fairfield Monday at 10 A.M. Bands and veterans' organizations will lead
the parade, and Air Force jets are scheduled to pass overhead. After the parade,
wreaths will be laid at graves in the cemetery and others set adrift. Take exit
19 off Interstate 95. Information: (203) 259-6540.

Autos will race down straightaways at 130 miles per hour in the Camel Grand Prix
races at Lime Rock Park tomorrow and Monday. The first race, for American
sedans, begins at 3:30 tomorrow. At 11:15 a.m. on Monday, the vintage race for
pre-1959 cars will open a day of racing. Spectators can watch practice sessions
today through Monday. On Sunday, race drivers will be out with their cars and
spectators can picnic on the grounds. Admission is $25 on race day or $50 for
the weekend; children under 12 will be admitted free. The racetrack is located
one mile west of Route 7 on Route 112 in northwest Connecticut. Information:
(203) 435-2814.

For those who like to run, or watch runners, the Memorial Day Race in Woodstock
gets under way at 2 P.M. on Monday. The race, which includes divisions for men
and women and for age groups 50 and over and 12 and under, starts at the
Woodstock Hill Common and winds through town. Registration is $5 in advance or
$6 on the day of the race. The first 100 runners get a souvenier tee shirt. Take
Interstate 395 to exit 97 and follow 169 to Woodstock. Information: (203)
928-4174.

For a view of the countryside and riverfront, day-trippers can ride an antique
railroad and transfer to a riverboat on excursions in Essex. The 1910-era steam
and diesel trains depart tomorrow, Sunday and Monday at 11:45 A.M., 1:15 P.M.
and 2:45 P.M., connecting with a boat at Deep River. A train ride alone departs
at 4 P.M. The train and boat trip takes 2 hours and 10 minutes.

The trip along the Connecticut River takes sightseers past the Goodspeed Opera
House, Gillette's Castle and the Haddam Bridge, one of the oldest steel swing
bridges in existence. The train-boat trip costs $9.95 for adults and $4.95 for
children ages 3 to 11. The train ride alone is $6.95 and $2.95. Tickets for the
luxury parlor car, in which passengers get individual seats, cost $1.95 extra.
Arts, crafts and a rail museum are also on the grounds. Take exit 65 off
Interstate 95 and travel north for five miles on Route 153. Information: (203)
767-0103.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         School Library Journal Reviews

                                 March 1, 2012

Passing the Music Down

BYLINE: Barbara Auerbach

SECTION: MULTIMEDIA REVIEW; Audio; Pg. 82 Vol. 58 No. 03

LENGTH: 264 words


Gr 2-6--When nine-year-old Jake Krack's parents drove from Indiana to the hills
of Appalachia to hear Melvin Wine play his fiddle, no one could have predicted
that the 86-year-old would become the boy's best friend and mentor. Though
Melvin ran a cattle farm and worked in the coal mines of West Virginia for 37
years, he came from a long line of musicians and played at many competitions and
festivals in the '60s and '70s. Sarah Sullivan's moving story (Candlewick, 2011)
about the special connection and friendship between the old man and his protégée
will inspire young musicians and give listeners an appreciation of traditional
folk music. Melvin and Jack flip flapjacks, hunt ginseng in the woods, and pick
runners from the garden before they sit down on the porch to play "tunes older
than the towns the boy traveled through, tunes old as the mist and twisty as the
roads."

Over the years, they play together at many gatherings. When the old man can no
longer get out of bed, the young man assures him, "I'll teach folks all your
tunes. There's a part of you that will always be around." While Barry Root's
warm and expressive watercolor-and-gouache illustrations capture the bond
between the two protagonists along with the beauty of the land, listening to the
story with the fiddle and banjo music in the background and narrator Kirby
Ward's country twang truly brings it to life. Page-turn signals are optional.
There's also an author's note about these two noted fiddlers, and a fast version
of the fiddle song, "Yew Piney Mountain."--Barbara Auerbach, P.S. 217, Brooklyn,
NY

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2012 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Guardian Express (Perth, Australia)

                             March 23, 2010 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Musical tonic from bluegrass state

SECTION: Pg. 30

LENGTH: 407  words


Tennessee troupe Old Crow Medicine Show are set to make their WA debut.

TENNESSEE'S Old Crow Medicine Show are heading to Perth for the first time,
ready to show audiences why they are one of the worlds most acclaimed
folk/bluegrass groups.

Old Crows live shows are legendary for the passion they incite in their
audiences, something rare for what is sometimes considered an old-timers genre
of music.

Ketch Secor the six-piece groups leader who is responsible for vocals, fiddle,
harmonica, banjo and guitar said the reason why their live shows were so
successful was because they just put a lot of heart and soul into it.

You know, the thing about us, and I aint bragging, but we are real true, Secor
said in his southern drawl.

We are true, you cant fake it. You cant fake singing at the top of your lungs,
you cant fake sawing that fiddle.

This music has power and I feel that we are not even playing it; it kind of just
speaks through us, you sort of just hang onto that fiddle and it does all of the
work.

Along with their own original songs, the group are famed for their renditions of
early 20th century blues and folk songs.

One of these songs is their rendition of Minglewood Blues, which was originally
recorded by Noah Lewis in Memphis in 1928.

Secor said he loved playing that song live because it allowed such great music
the chance to live another life.

There has been a place in Memphis called Minglewood ever since a slave was set
free, he said.

When songs are that old and a bunch of teenagers who were born in 1985 are doing
the shimmy to it with a cell phone jingling in their pocket and the whole world
wide web on their hip-bone, that is just an amazing feat.

Even though they are well known for reinterpreting standards including 1934s
Cocaine Habit, Secor wanted to reiterate that their original material, such as
their last album Tennessee Pusher, was also a major part of their success.

We are not a museum piece and we are not interested in reproducing the songs of
yesteryear. We are breathing a new life into it. it lives and it is made real
again, it is not a throwback, it aint retro, he said.

Cocaine Habit is another song from Memphis and, man, those Memphians were rough.
Memphis has a great contribution to music in America and it is because it is a
black city and it was the home of Elvis Presley for a reason.

n Old Crow Medicine Show are at the West Coast Blues n Roots Festival at
Fremantle Park on March 28.

Ross McRae

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CGE


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                              May 24, 2013 Friday

Ancient style, modern originals, Laura Cortese brings that and more to Arcata
Playhouse

BYLINE: Times-Standard

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 376 words


New England fiddler and songwriter Laura Cortese brings her string trio to the
Arcata Playhouse on Sunday, with opener Lyndsey Battle and Cory Goldman in
support of her new CD, "Into the Dark."

Welding the propulsive grace of ancient fiddle styles to disarmingly
open-hearted original pop songs, Cortese has emerged among the most intriguing
and versatile musicians in the bountiful New England post-folk scene. At home in
any number of traditional styles, her highly visible work as a supporting
musician (on fiddle, vocals, and bass) includes appearances with Uncle Earl, Tao
Seeger, Band of Horses, and -- as part of Pete Seeger's 90th birthday
celebration at Madison Square Garden -- Patterson Hood and Michael Franti.

The past two years have found Cortese in creative overdrive, balancing sideman
duties, solo tours and recording sessions with an increased devotion to her own
music: a kaleidoscopic hybrid that is enriched by roots music undertones and yet
remains defiantly contemporary. Cortese tours internationally with her string
trio featuring Mariel Vandersteel on fiddle/hardangerfiddle and Valerie Thompson
on cello.

On the heels of four collaborative releases since 2010, Cortese debuts her new
CD, "Into the Dark." Known for her velvety vocals, endless creative energy and
highly visible work as a supporting musician, the San Francisco-born,
Boston-based performer has embraced the constant travel of the modern
troubadour.

Written in an almost confessional style, Cortese's latest work explores the
timeless vulnerability and hope of people in adverse situations. Her own lyrics
may say it best: "In the dark I would sing a song whispered low...singing for
the people in the shadows."

Cortese's current arrangements echo the emotion of her songs in a blend of
British Isles folk, bluegrass, vintage R&B and fresh Americana on fiddles and
cello.

Tickets are $12 general, $10 students and Humboldt Folklife Society members and
are available at Wildberries Marketplace, Wildwood Music or by calling 822-1575.
For more information, visit atarcataplayhouse.org .

If you go

What: Laura Cortese, Lyndsey Battle, Cory Goldman

When: 8 p.m. Sunday

Where: Arcata Playhouse, 1251 Ninth St.

Admission: $12 general, $10 students and Humboldt Folklife Society members

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved

                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             May 11, 2006 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

BLUEGRASS FIDDLER HAS NO PLANS OF HANGING UP HIS BOW

BYLINE: By Don Rhodes Staff Writer

SECTION: APPLAUSE; Pg. O10

LENGTH: 651 words


It is 7 p.m. on a recent Friday at the Exchange Club Park in Waynesboro, Ga.,
and the Savannah River Grass band has just taken the stage wearing green
short-sleeve shirts and blue jeans. Within moments, the bluegrass group launches
into the fast-paced Road to Columbus, with 78-year-old fiddler George Pritchard
spotlighted in the center of the stage.

About 90 minutes later, the five-piece band closes with Lee Highway Blues. As
the instrumental reaches its conclusion, the crowd is yelling, whistling,
applauding and giving the band a standing ovation.

The response is appreciated but not unfamiliar to Mr. Pritchard, of North
Augusta, whose band will open the the third annual Aiken Bluegrass Festival with
a performance at 12:30 p.m. Saturday.

In his 65 years of playing music, he has earned 132 trophies from fiddling
contests, about 100 for first place.

"It may seem like an awful long time that I've been playing, but it's really not
that long ago," he said. "I would like to play another 100 years. I never get
enough of that wonderful stuff."

Mr. Pritchard has played with some of the top names in bluegrass and country
music, including Mac Wiseman, Don Reno, Delia Bell and George Jones, and at some
of the greatest bluegrass festivals in the South, including Lavonia, Dahlonega,
Jekyll Island, Hamby Mountain, Raccoon Creek and Coney Grove in Georgia.

"No matter where I found out a festival was, I'd go if I could," he said.
"Sometimes you'd go to a big one and find out about a smaller one the same
weekend just down the road. I'd go just to play in the campgrounds and parking
lots with all of the other pickers who love the music."

For almost two years, Mr. Pritchard has played regularly with Savannah River
Grass, and he has known most of its members longer than that. The band's members
are Tom Lowery, of Evans, on banjo; Darryl Hudson, of Aiken, on guitar; Ronnie
Davis, of Aiken, on upright bass; and Gary Oxley, of Lexington, S.C., on
mandolin.

Savannah River Grass will perform for the Appleby Gardens concert series at
Appleby Branch Library in Augusta at 8 p.m. May 30. See the band's Web site,
savannahrivergrass.com.

Mr. Pritchard bought his first fiddle for $9 when he was about 9 years old and
living in North Carolina.

"I went to work in the peach orchards making 15 cents an hour carrying water to
workers," he said. "A man about five miles down the road had this fiddle that I
wanted, but he wanted $10 for it. I looked at him so sad that he finally sold it
to me for 9, which was all that I had."

He later formed a band, The Dusty Mountain Boys, in Spartanburg, S.C. The group
came to Augusta in the mid-1950s when local radio and TV stations paid bands to
perform live on the air.

The band found a home on television station WRDW with a show called The Peach
Blossom Special.

"Brenda Lee was a regular on the show then, and she used to work with me and my
band," Mr. Pritchard said of the future Country Music Association Hall of Famer.
"We took her out on show dates and paid her $20, which was our set price for
her. That was big money back in those days."

For more than 20 years, Mr. Pritchard worked for radio station WGUS-AM (1480),
starting off as "Uncle George," the announcer on a farm and home program. He
went into sales and later was general manager.

Only once was Mr. Pritchard really tempted to leave the area.

"In 1965, (country singer) Faron Young offered me a job fiddling in his band,"
Mr. Pritchard said. "I looked over at my wife, Joan (who died in 1998), who was
sitting nearby and saw the biggest tear roll down her cheek. I knew it would be
great on the road, but I also knew I'd never find another love like that in the
world.

"I said, 'Faron, I appreciate your offer, but I don't think I can go with you.'
I may have missed out on a lot by deciding to stay home with my wife, but I'm
not sad about it. I would have been blessed if she had stayed with me 100
years."

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  ANDREW DAVIS TUCKER/STAFF Goerge Pritchard, 78, plays the fiddle in
the den of his home in North Augusta. He has earned 132 trophies for playing his
fiddle in competitions. He has them on display in his home.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation

                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             March 1, 2011 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Music apps stir debate: toy or instrument?

BYLINE: By Reid Kanaley - McCLATCHY NEWSPAPERS

SECTION: MONEYSMART; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 491 words


An instrument or a toy?

Magic Fiddle is an application that teaches you how to put an iPad up to your
chin and play it like a violin. It's a little awkward, but a lot of fun.

And when musician Bruce Kaminsky told me that he adds rubber bands for a real
feel when he plays an app called Bassist on his iPod Touch in concert, I
realized this was serious stuff for some people.

Magic Fiddle and a host of music-making apps like it also play parts in an
academic and technical debate over whether they are toys or real instruments.

"The bottom line is, if you can get a sound out of something ... it's an
instrument," said Kaminsky, a performing arts instructor at Drexel University
who plays bass professionally and who invented an electric upright instrument
called the Kydd Bass.

"And," he noted, "you get e-mail on your guitar."

Not quite harmonizing with that view is Youngmoo E. Kim, who holds degrees in
music and engineering and a doctorate in media arts and sciences from the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

"I don't view the apps, those particular apps, as a replacement for musical
instruments," Kim said. "They're not designed for that."

Magic Fiddle is the most recent app from Smule, a tiny Silicon Valley company
that has produced other top music apps, including the rap app I Am T-Pain, as
well as Magic Piano, Glee Karaoke and Ocarina, a flutelike instrument played by
blowing into a smart phone microphone.

Social functions -- the ability to share your own recorded music, to "like"
other people's songs, and watch your musical creations climb virtual music
charts -- are key ingredients to the Smule apps and many others. Smule says
users have shared and listened to one another's songs 126 million times in the
last three years.

The 99-cent Magic Fiddle app tutors beginners and had me playing simple tunes
from the get-go by touching a three-string fretboard on the iPad screen while
bowing with a free finger.

Holding the tablet to your chin does little to enhance the effort, but the chin
touch sets off a pleasing cloud of bubbles on the screen.

"Currently, it's kind of a novelty," Ryan Schwabe, a musician, manager of
Drexel's Mad Dragon recording studio, and a guest lecturer at the Curtis
Institute of Music, said of instrument apps.

But, Schwabe added, "Four years from now, it's not going to be a gimmick. It's
going to be much more influential ... as things get better and faster, and apps
get more in-depth and more capable."

Though Kim, an assistant professor at Drexel, sees music-making apps as less
than the real deal, they are useful in giving a taste for learning how to play
instruments, he said.

"There is a lot of untapped musical desire; people want to be involved in music,
want to express themselves in music. But the level of overall music education in
this country has been declining.

"So where I see the apps really finding a great niche is for folks who want to
dabble ... and it gives them an easy entry."

Play away.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  McClatchy Newspapers The Magic Fiddle allows users to put an iPad up
to his or her chin and play it like a violin.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                              July 24, 2011 Sunday

It's a string thing: Old Time Fiddlers group tries to keep tradition alive

BYLINE: By ROBIN EPLEY - Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 769 words


OROVILLE   Sitting in a circle, bow at the ready, a young woman calls out song
and key to her fellow musicians.

"Cripple Creek, A," she says. "As in Apple," she adds quickly, almost
sheepishly, after a look from her tutor.

The sound of her single fiddle is quickly joined by seven others, manned by
adults at least 10 to 40 years older than her. Two guitars and a banjo soon pick
up the bouncy dance tune as well. The song ends and another musician calls out a
second song, which is more plaintive, even lonesome, despite the number of
people in the room. The room is filled with the clear call of the Old West from
the storybooks. If you close your eyes and allow your mind to forget the folding
chair beneath you, it's easy to imagine the log cabin dance hall where these
songs could have entertained your great-grandparents.

Not every note is pitch perfect, but the audience doesn't care. It would be less
interesting if it were perfect. What really matters is the number of goosebumps
the lonesome sound of the bow across the strings can evoke.

These musicians are Oroville's Old Time Fiddlers, more officially known as the
California State Old Time Fiddlers Association, District 1.

Every March, fiddlers from across California flock to Oroville to compete in and
attend the annual state competition. Hundreds of fiddles, guitars, banjos and
even a harmonica or two can be heard echoing across the Municipal Auditorium.
Little children carry half-pint-sized fiddles that might just as easily been
made for their dolls.

But once a month, on the fourth Saturday, from 2 p.m. until 5 p.m., the players
of District 1 have their own event: a round-table jam session that grows within
an hour from a few fiddles and maybe a single guitar to a massive group of
fiddles, banjos, guitars and a whole host of people who brought toes to tap.

While you might think the Old Time Fiddlers are a group of people who could have
personally attended that old log cabin dance, there's a surprising amount of
younger faces in the crowd.

Recognizing that the traditions of the past cannot stay traditions without new
blood to carry them on, the Oroville fiddlers have a unique scholarship program.
Anyone who shows real interest in the art of fiddling and promises to attend the
jams and their lessons regularly can take free lessons. The cost is paid for by
the club through donations and the membership fees.

The CSOTFA began in Oroville more than 50 years ago, said club president Larry
Jendro. "It started from a group of country musicians who got together to jam,"
he said. "That's why they hold the contest here."

The purpose of the club is to "preserve and perpetuate" old-time fiddle music,
Jendro said. "We do that through regular jams, we provide fiddle scholarships
for people and we perform at community events."

He said the music gives them a "sense of our history," pointing out that you
couldn't just turn on the radio when you wanted to dance   someone had to know
how to play an instrument.

Because of the logistical problems of carrying pianos and other large
instruments across the prairie, or across an ocean from Europe, violins became
the instrument of choice. Small and compact, the westbound violins took on a
sound of their own and fiddle music was born.

"People always ask what's the difference between a violin and a fiddle," Jendro
said. "My favorite answer is that a violin sings and a fiddle dances."

Fiddle music was folk music intended for dancing, he said. A single song might
have several different names because of the musicians' aural-based ways of
learning new tunes. Waltzes, jigs and other forms of dance music all found a
place on the fiddle's roster.

Chas Hansen, 20, is one of the club's hopes to perpetuate the art form. He
picked up a fiddle a few months ago and began taking lessons through the
scholarship program. Eight lessons later and he was joining in with the other
musicians in calling out songs for the jam and then leading the group through
the tune.

"I think it's one of the prettiest sounds in all western music," Hansen said
during a break in the jam. "Just the emotion it evokes. Old-time music is
something that needs to be kept in tradition, so I think it's something that
young folks need to play."

He said it's still hard to jump into the music, and he's learning how to add
something to the overall sound when he doesn't know the song. "It's almost a
conversation without words," he said.

"I love the music and I love the hands-on experience," Hansen said. "I think the
best way to do that is to sit down and jam."

Staff writer Robin Epley can be reached at 896-7761 ore repley@chicoer.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ray Johnson, Brett Johnson and Old Time Fiddlers President Larry Jendro
(from left) play at the Oroville Municipal Auditorium on Sunday. (Ty Barbour/
Staff Photo)
Bill Chilton sings and plays his fiddle during his turn to lead the Old Time
Fiddlers group on Sunday in the Oroville Municipal Auditorium. He said he likes
to play at what he calls the ³senior citizen eating place² during the week. (Ty
Barbour/ Staff Photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           February 10, 2011 Thursday

Dixie Bee-Liners headline bluegrass night in Putney

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 339 words


Thursday February 10, 2011

PUTNEY -- Twilight Music presents an evening of bluegrass and roots music from
far and near at The United Church of Putney on Saturday at 7:30 p.m.

The Dixie Bee-Liners are a Virginia-based sextet that features soaring vocal
harmonies, dynamic instrumental styles and performances filled with jaw-dropping
grit, humor and emotion. Vermont/New Hampshire-based Hot Mustard features
hard-driving double banjos, close harmonies and old-time fiddle tunes.

Husband and wife team Brandi Hart and Buddy Woodward have fronted The Dixie
Bee-Liners since 2002. Lead vocalist Brandi Hart's thoughtfully penned originals
cover a broad range, from hard-driving bluesy scorchers to ancient-toned
instrumentals. She plays rhythm guitar, Nashville guitar, fiddle and mountain
dulcimer. Bluegrass veteran Woodward has played mandolin, guitar, banjo and bass
with John Starling, Steve Earle, Rosie Flores, Jim Lauderdale, The Coal Porters,
Bill Keith and others.

The Bee-Liners' lineup includes: Sav Sankaran's crackerjack vocals and
rock-solid downbeat on the bass; Sara Needham's warm, earthy touch on the fiddle
and alluring vocals; banjoist Zachary Mongan's engaging blend of traditional and
contemporary influences; and dobroist Leah Needham.

In 2008, The Dixie Bee-Liners' groundbreaking album "Ripe" earned the band four
No. 1s on the bluegrass charts. Later that year, The Bee-Liners were named Roots
Music Association's Bluegrass Artist of the Year, plucked from among such
luminaries as Alison Krauss and Merle Haggard, who also shared the nomination.
The band's current Nor'easter Tour supports its new CD "Susanville."

Jenny Brook Bluegrass Festival band competition winner Hot Mustard features
Bruce Stockwell on banjo and vocals, April Hobart on guitar and vocals, Bill
Jubett on banjo, fiddle and vocals and Kelly Stockwell on acoustic bass.

The United Church is located at 15 Kimball Hill. Tickets for the concert are $18
general, $16 for students and seniors. For ticket reservations and information,
call 802-254-9276.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Tennessee: Engage Kingsport and the Kingsport Office of Cultural Arts to present
"An Evening with Fiddlin' Carson Peters Band"

LENGTH: 293  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: City of Kingsport, The state of Tennessee has issued the following
news release:



 The Kingsport Office of Cultural Arts and Engage Kingsport present an evening
with The Fiddlin' Carson Peters Band and special guest Jeffrey Benedict on
Friday, January 29, 2016 at the Renaissance Arts Center Theatre in Kingsport.
Tickets are $15. This show is part of The Engage Kingsport Performing Arts
Series 2016.   Engage Kingsport Performing Arts Series' shows feature reserved
seating in the  Renaissance Arts Center Theatre, a 350 seat theatre.  Tickets
are available online at EngageKingsport.com or at the Office of Cultural Arts at
1200 E. Center Street, Kingsport or by phone at (423) 392-8414.





 Carson Peters, or "Fiddlin' Carson Peters" as he is becoming known, started
playing the fiddle at the ripe old age of 3 when his parents bought him a 1/8
size fiddle.  By age 4, he was playing in fiddle competitions and jamming at
musical festivals.  At eleven years old, Carson is a seasoned performer playing
numerous venues with his band throughout the region.



 Carson has also had the honor to play on national TV as a guest on NBC's The
Tonight Show with Jay Leno as well as play with Jimmy Fortune on the floor of
the Tennessee State Senate.  On March 28th of 2014, Carson's dream of playing on
the Grand Ole Opry stage was realized when he was invited by Ricky Skaggs to
come and perform with him and Kentucky Thunder.   In May of 2014, Carson was
asked to make a reappearance at the Opry, but this time with his own band.



 We are excited to welcome Carson and his family back to Kingsport; they
performed here last in January 2015.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           November 26, 2009 Thursday

A family Cajun tradition continues

BYLINE: By Andrew Gilbert for the Mercury News

SECTION: NEWS; Entertainment; Music

LENGTH: 871 words


For Cajun music's preeminent power couple, Marc and Ann Savoy, playing music
isn't merely a vocation or creative outlet. It's an all-encompassing way of
life, a family tradition that's intimately tied to the Louisiana land.

Based in Eunice, a small city in the heart of Cajun country, the Savoys have
been at the center of the Cajun revival for more than three decades. While they
play together and separately in several combos, the Savoy Family Cajun Band best
embodies the regenerative power of Cajun culture, an unbroken chain stretching
back for centuries.

An acoustic quartet featuring the Savoy sons Wilson (Cajun accordion, piano and
bass) and Joel (fiddle), the family has honed an extensive Ancien Régime
repertoire of rollicking dance music that's as earthy and bluntly sensuous as
the blues. Handed down for generations, the songs have been infused with fresh
energy by the Savoy sons, organic products of a community that once again
embraces its roots.

"We live our lives so authentically within this neighborhood," says guitarist
and fiddler Ann Savoy, who brings the Family Cajun Band to San Francisco's Great
American Music Hall on Friday and Don Quixote's in Felton on Sunday.

"Marc's family has been here seven generations. Joel is living in his
grandfather's house. At 10, the boys started playing and never looked back. The
instruments were here and they were always around when we were playing with
other musicians. It's interesting how by osmosis they absorbed the sounds and
smells and tastes and became part of what this world is."

Cajun culture is a proud birthright for Marc, a master accordionist and
instrument builder whose Savoy Music Center has served ground zero for the Cajun
cultural renaissance since 1965. He toured and recorded with many of the
legendary Cajun musicians who first recorded the songs brought from Canada's
Maritime Provinces when the French-speaking Acadians were expelled by the
British in the mid-18th century.

Settling in Louisiana, the Cajuns preserved the old tunes while absorbing
influences that flowed through Louisiana. It's a process that continues to shape
the music today, exemplified by Wilson's thumping boogie woogie piano, an
instrument that's hardly typical in traditional Cajun combos.

"Cajun music is a product of whatever's coming through this region, which is
situated on a major byway," Joel says. "So Wilson's rockin' piano, which gives
the band a nice rhythm and blues feel, belongs there just as much as anything
else.

"Having so many different multi-instrumentalists, we can cover so many different
sounds. We do twin fiddles, three fiddles, and sometimes just fiddles and guitar
or fiddles and accordion. We can get a lot of different sounds."

While Ann is the only member of the band who's not a Louisiana native, she's
devoted her adult life to Cajun culture. A Francophile who grew up in Richmond,
Va., she met Marc at the National Folk Festival in Washington, D.C., in 1977.
Before long she and Savoy were married and two-thirds of the pioneering Savoy
Doucet Band with fiddle master Michael Doucet, who also leads the popular Cajun
band BeauSoleil.

Many of the artists who first recorded Cajun music in the 1920s and '30s were
still on the scene, and the Savoys played an essential role in bringing them to
a wider audience. Off the bandstand, Ann Savoy's affectionate interviews of the
old-timers became her award-winning book "Cajun Music, A Reflection of a
People," one of the first scholarly efforts to explore the history of Cajun
music (she's at work on a second volume).

She also became the public face of Cajun music, appearing in numerous
documentaries and in Callie Khouri's 2002 film "Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya
Sisterhood," which also featured Joel.

From the beginning of the Cajun renaissance, Northern California has served as
something of a second home for the Savoys, ties that endure on several fronts.
Most importantly, Chris Strachwitz's El Cerrito-based Arhoolie label has
documented just about every Savoy project, including the Family Cajun Band's
most recent release "Turn It Loose But Don't Let Go."

Now the next Savoy generation is picking up the torch. Several years ago Joel
launched Valcour Records with two partners, a label dedicated to documenting the
music of Louisiana. He tours with the Cajun/Gypsy band The Red Stick Ramblers
while Wilson has launched several projects of his own. They feel free to put
their own twist on Cajun music because of their deep knowledge of their roots.

"A lot of people our age and the generation before us learned this repertoire
because my parents were part of that early revival," Joel says. "We end up
playing a lot of the tunes my dad has made famous.

"Nowadays they're the only people still playing that stuff, so we're continuing
the tradition, but adding a lot as far as our particular styles are concerned.
My mom has always been one for digging up repertoire, and my dad just pulls the
songs out of his head."

The Savoy Family Cajun Band

When: 7 p.m. Sunday
Where: Don Quixote"s, 6275 Highway 9, Felton, $14-$16, www.don
 quixotesmusic.info .
Tickets: $14-$16, www.donquixotesmusic.info .
Also: 9 p.m. Friday, Great American Music Hall, 859 O"Farrell St., San
Francisco. $20, www.gamh.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: clockwise from bottom: Marc Savoy, Joel Savoy, Wilson Savoy, Ann Savoy.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           November 26, 2009 Thursday

A family Cajun tradition continues

BYLINE: By Andrew Gilbert for the Mercury News

SECTION: NEWS; Entertainment; Music

LENGTH: 871 words


For Cajun music's preeminent power couple, Marc and Ann Savoy, playing music
isn't merely a vocation or creative outlet. It's an all-encompassing way of
life, a family tradition that's intimately tied to the Louisiana land.

Based in Eunice, a small city in the heart of Cajun country, the Savoys have
been at the center of the Cajun revival for more than three decades. While they
play together and separately in several combos, the Savoy Family Cajun Band best
embodies the regenerative power of Cajun culture, an unbroken chain stretching
back for centuries.

An acoustic quartet featuring the Savoy sons Wilson (Cajun accordion, piano and
bass) and Joel (fiddle), the family has honed an extensive Ancien Régime
repertoire of rollicking dance music that's as earthy and bluntly sensuous as
the blues. Handed down for generations, the songs have been infused with fresh
energy by the Savoy sons, organic products of a community that once again
embraces its roots.

"We live our lives so authentically within this neighborhood," says guitarist
and fiddler Ann Savoy, who brings the Family Cajun Band to San Francisco's Great
American Music Hall on Friday and Don Quixote's in Felton on Sunday.

"Marc's family has been here seven generations. Joel is living in his
grandfather's house. At 10, the boys started playing and never looked back. The
instruments were here, and they were always around when we were playing with
other musicians. It's interesting how by osmosis they absorbed the sounds and
smells and tastes and became part of what this world is."

Cajun culture is a proud birthright for Marc, a master accordionist and
instrument builder whose Savoy Music Center has served ground zero for the Cajun
cultural renaissance since 1965. He toured and recorded with many of the
legendary Cajun musicians who first recorded the songs brought from Canada's
Maritime Provinces when the French-speaking Acadians were expelled by the
British in the mid-18th century.

Settling in Louisiana, the Cajuns preserved the old tunes while absorbing
influences that flowed through Louisiana. It's a process that continues to shape
the music today, exemplified by Wilson's thumping boogie woogie piano, an
instrument that's hardly typical in traditional Cajun combos.

"Cajun music is a product of whatever's coming through this region, which is
situated on a major byway," Joel says. "So Wilson's rockin' piano, which gives
the band a nice rhythm and blues feel, belongs there just as much as anything
else.

"Having so many different multi-instrumentalists, we can cover so many different
sounds. We do twin fiddles, three fiddles, and sometimes just fiddles and guitar
or fiddles and accordion. We can get a lot of different sounds."

While Ann is the only member of the band who's not a Louisiana native, she's
devoted her adult life to Cajun culture. A Francophile who grew up in Richmond,
Va., she met Marc at the National Folk Festival in Washington, D.C., in 1977.
Before long she and Savoy were married and two-thirds of the pioneering Savoy
Doucet Band with fiddle master Michael Doucet, who also leads the popular Cajun
band BeauSoleil.

Many of the artists who first recorded Cajun music in the 1920s and '30s were
still on the scene, and the Savoys played an essential role in bringing them to
a wider audience. Off the bandstand, Ann Savoy's affectionate interviews of the
old-timers became her award-winning book "Cajun Music, A Reflection of a
People," one of the first scholarly efforts to explore the history of Cajun
music (she's at work on a second volume).

She also became the public face of Cajun music, appearing in numerous
documentaries and in Callie Khouri's 2002 film "Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya
Sisterhood," which also featured Joel.

From the beginning of the Cajun renaissance, Northern California has served as
something of a second home for the Savoys, ties that endure on several fronts.
Most importantly, Chris Strachwitz's El Cerrito-based Arhoolie label has
documented just about every Savoy project, including the Family Cajun Band's
most recent release "Turn It Loose But Don't Let Go."

Now the next Savoy generation is picking up the torch. Several years ago Joel
launched Valcour Records with two partners, a label dedicated to documenting the
music of Louisiana. He tours with the Cajun/Gypsy band the Red Stick Ramblers
while Wilson has launched several projects of his own. They feel free to put
their own twist on Cajun music because of their deep knowledge of their roots.

"A lot of people our age and the generation before us learned this repertoire
because my parents were part of that early revival," Joel says. "We end up
playing a lot of the tunes my dad has made famous.

"Nowadays they're the only people still playing that stuff, so we're continuing
the tradition, but adding a lot as far as our particular styles are concerned.
My mom has always been one for digging up repertoire, and my dad just pulls the
songs out of his head."

The Savoy Family Cajun Band

When: 7 p.m. Sunday
Where: Don Quixote"s, 6275 Highway 9, Felton, $14-$16, www.don
 quixotesmusic.info .
Tickets: $14-$16, www.donquixotesmusic.info .
Also: 9 p.m. Friday, Great American Music Hall, 859 O"Farrell St., San
Francisco. $20, www.gamh.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: clockwise from bottom: Marc Savoy, Joel Savoy, Wilson Savoy, Ann Savoy.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Milton Keynes Citizen

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

Sam's remarkable musical journey

LENGTH: 482  words


A remarkable show at The Stables this Friday evening comes courtesy of Sam
Sweeney, the fiddle player with contemporary folkers Bellowhead.

And there is a fascinating story behind the performance of Made in the Great War
waiting to play out for you.

In 2009, in Oxford, Sam bought a violin.

To the naked eye it was a new instrument, but the date, and name inside, said
different.

It was dated 1915  and had the name Richard S Howard.

Research showed that the violin had been made -but never finished - by the
luthier Richard Spencer Howard.  He was Leeds-based and a sometime music-hall
performer.

In 1915, at the age of 35, he was conscripted and two years later, lost his life
at the battle of Messiners Ridge.

The violin remained unfinished in his workshop, until Luthier Roger Claridge
completed the job in 2007...before being put in the window of that Oxford store,
and spied by Sam.

While researching the instrument, and its amazing story, Sam visited Flanders,
and the cemetery where Richard's headstone is.

"I actually took the fiddle to him," Sam said, "It was an amazing experience,
incredibly moving..."

Sam will tell you the full amazing story of the fiddle that took nearly 100
years to complete with a multimedia performance.

And it goes without saying that the star' of the show will be the fiddle itself.

Tickets for the performance are £14 and £16.

Also at the Wavendon venue in the coming week...

This evening, Forever in Blue Jeans take you back to the rock n roll 1950s, the
swinging 60s, the Motown 70s and the Abba 80s.

On Saturday, Shakatak - famed for material including Down on the Street and
Night Bird return.

It doesn't seem possible, but the band has been together for 31 years now, and
have delivered more than 50 CDs.

Over on Stage 2, The Wishing Well will create spellbinding sounds that produce a
rich tapestry of mesmerising folk, pop and rock.

Join the troubadours from 8.45pm.

Sunday evening belongs to The Big Chris Barber Band, a stalwart performer with a
lifelong passion for the jazz side.

2014 marks his 65th year as a bandleader, and this performance with his 10-piece
band will be a suitably celebratory affair - from his roots in New Orleans style
in Bourbon Street Parade (which remains his signature tune today) to the early
sounds of Duke Ellington and Sidney Becket.

Pam Ayres sees out the week with her current show, which follows the release of
her latest book of poetry, You Made Me Late Again, which features the
beautifully real and emotive Tippy Tappy Feet, which has just given this writer
watery eyes!

If you think Pam Ayres is all about that' toothy ode, you really want to look
beneath the enamel of this exceptional talent - and where better to do so than
on your doorstep at our premier venue?

Can't make Wednesday's date?

Relax, she's booked in for two nights - try for next Thursday (Sept 11).

For bookings and information call the usual number MK 280800.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MPMC


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 24, 2006 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Whittling hobby leads to instrument crafting

BYLINE: Julie Bisbee, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 456 words

DATELINE: LANE


LANE -- Dolan Latimer's fingers easily curl around the bow as he places his
cheek on the blond birch wood of his fiddle. A few strokes, and he's eased music
out of an instrument that began as a rough log chopped down in one of his
pastures.

Of the 27 fiddles he's made in the past 13 years, the white birch is his
favorite.

"The wood came off this place," Latimer said, referring to the 80 acres he lives
on and farms. "I'll never sell that one."

Latimer, 87, always has been good with his hands. About 50 years ago, he built
the white frame house where he and his late wife, Mary, raised five children.
But it took retirement from the McAlester Army Ammunition Plant and a few extra
hours to bring out his talents.

It started with whittling. He made World War II replica airplanes and stuck them
along the fence row by his house as weather vanes. He carved birds for his wife,
carved chain links from a single piece of cedar and carved corner tables for
pictures and knickknacks.

Inspired by television Latimer took on the challenge of crafting fiddles after
seeing it done on television.

"I saw a man making one out of cedar, and I thought, 'I've got plenty of cedar
out there,'" said Latimer, who lives near McGee Creek State Park about 10 miles
from Atoka. "I went out there and cut one down with a chain saw. I nearly used
up that tree trying to make it."

The quest to make a perfect fiddle stayed with Latimer. The hardest part was
trying to get the wood of the fiddle's body to bow out at the right angle. By
tracing around the body of his granddaughter's viola, he had the shape right.

But it took a visit to a fiddle-maker to get the angle of the wood right.

"Turns out you have to carve it," said Latimer. Once he had the technique down,
he was hooked.

"When I would start one, I couldn't leave it alone," he said. "I'd even bring it
in the house to work on it."

He didn't start getting serious about woodworking until he was well into his
70s.

"I didn't know he could do stuff like this," said Marlene Day, Latimer's oldest
daughter. "He didn't have time to sit and whittle. Daddy's always worked hard,
and he's been a good builder. He started making those little chains, and I'd
never seen anything like that."

Latimer made his first fiddle in 1993. Mary, to whom he was married for 55
years, died three years later. Latimer started spending a little more time in
the wood shop behind his house where his workbench is filled with tools he's
fashioned for carving a groove into the fiddle's body.

Some of his fiddles have sold for as much as $500, but he's not in it for the
money.

"I've never looked for customers," Latimer said. "It's just a hobby to me. Just
something to do. I've always felt like I've had too much energy."

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Dolan Latimer plays one of his handcrafted fiddles at his home
in Lane. Latimer says he's made 27 fiddles, most of which are created from cedar
wood that was cut from his 80 acres of land.
Photo 2: A fiddle sits on his Dolan Latimer's workbench with another fiddle he's
fixing for a musician. Latimer spends most mornings working on fiddles. - PHOTOS
BY JULIE BISBEE, THE OKLAHOMAN
Graphic: (map of Lane, OK)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 24, 2006 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Whittling hobby leads to instrument crafting

BYLINE: Julie Bisbee, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 456 words

DATELINE: LANE


LANE -- Dolan Latimer's fingers easily curl around the bow as he places his
cheek on the blond birch wood of his fiddle. A few strokes, and he's eased music
out of an instrument that began as a rough log chopped down in one of his
pastures.

Of the 27 fiddles he's made in the past 13 years, the white birch is his
favorite.

"The wood came off this place," Latimer said, referring to the 80 acres he lives
on and farms. "I'll never sell that one."

Latimer, 87, always has been good with his hands. About 50 years ago, he built
the white frame house where he and his late wife, Mary, raised five children.
But it took retirement from the McAlester Army Ammunition Plant and a few extra
hours to bring out his talents.

It started with whittling. He made World War II replica airplanes and stuck them
along the fence row by his house as weather vanes. He carved birds for his wife,
carved chain links from a single piece of cedar and carved corner tables for
pictures and knickknacks.

Inspired by television Latimer took on the challenge of crafting fiddles after
seeing it done on television.

"I saw a man making one out of cedar, and I thought, 'I've got plenty of cedar
out there,'" said Latimer, who lives near McGee Creek State Park about 10 miles
from Atoka. "I went out there and cut one down with a chain saw. I nearly used
up that tree trying to make it."

The quest to make a perfect fiddle stayed with Latimer. The hardest part was
trying to get the wood of the fiddle's body to bow out at the right angle. By
tracing around the body of his granddaughter's viola, he had the shape right.

But it took a visit to a fiddle-maker to get the angle of the wood right.

"Turns out you have to carve it," said Latimer. Once he had the technique down,
he was hooked.

"When I would start one, I couldn't leave it alone," he said. "I'd even bring it
in the house to work on it."

He didn't start getting serious about woodworking until he was well into his
70s.

"I didn't know he could do stuff like this," said Marlene Day, Latimer's oldest
daughter. "He didn't have time to sit and whittle. Daddy's always worked hard,
and he's been a good builder. He started making those little chains, and I'd
never seen anything like that."

Latimer made his first fiddle in 1993. Mary, to whom he was married for 55
years, died three years later. Latimer started spending a little more time in
the wood shop behind his house where his workbench is filled with tools he's
fashioned for carving a groove into the fiddle's body.

Some of his fiddles have sold for as much as $500, but he's not in it for the
money.

"I've never looked for customers," Latimer said. "It's just a hobby to me. Just
something to do. I've always felt like I've had too much energy."

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Dolan Latimer plays one of his handcrafted fiddles at his home
in Lane. Latimer says he's made 27 fiddles, most of which are created from cedar
wood that was cut from his 80 acres of land.
Photo 2: A fiddle sits on his Dolan Latimer's workbench with another fiddle he's
fixing for a musician. Latimer spends most mornings working on fiddles. - PHOTOS
BY JULIE BISBEE, THE OKLAHOMAN
Graphic: (map of Lane, OK)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 24, 2006 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Whittling hobby leads to instrument crafting

BYLINE: Julie Bisbee, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 456 words

DATELINE: LANE


LANE -- Dolan Latimer's fingers easily curl around the bow as he places his
cheek on the blond birch wood of his fiddle. A few strokes, and he's eased music
out of an instrument that began as a rough log chopped down in one of his
pastures.

Of the 27 fiddles he's made in the past 13 years, the white birch is his
favorite.

"The wood came off this place," Latimer said, referring to the 80 acres he lives
on and farms. "I'll never sell that one."

Latimer, 87, always has been good with his hands. About 50 years ago, he built
the white frame house where he and his late wife, Mary, raised five children.
But it took retirement from the McAlester Army Ammunition Plant and a few extra
hours to bring out his talents.

It started with whittling. He made World War II replica airplanes and stuck them
along the fence row by his house as weather vanes. He carved birds for his wife,
carved chain links from a single piece of cedar and carved corner tables for
pictures and knickknacks.

Inspired by television Latimer took on the challenge of crafting fiddles after
seeing it done on television.

"I saw a man making one out of cedar, and I thought, 'I've got plenty of cedar
out there,'" said Latimer, who lives near McGee Creek State Park about 10 miles
from Atoka. "I went out there and cut one down with a chain saw. I nearly used
up that tree trying to make it."

The quest to make a perfect fiddle stayed with Latimer. The hardest part was
trying to get the wood of the fiddle's body to bow out at the right angle. By
tracing around the body of his granddaughter's viola, he had the shape right.

But it took a visit to a fiddle-maker to get the angle of the wood right.

"Turns out you have to carve it," said Latimer. Once he had the technique down,
he was hooked.

"When I would start one, I couldn't leave it alone," he said. "I'd even bring it
in the house to work on it."

He didn't start getting serious about woodworking until he was well into his
70s.

"I didn't know he could do stuff like this," said Marlene Day, Latimer's oldest
daughter. "He didn't have time to sit and whittle. Daddy's always worked hard,
and he's been a good builder. He started making those little chains, and I'd
never seen anything like that."

Latimer made his first fiddle in 1993. Mary, to whom he was married for 55
years, died three years later. Latimer started spending a little more time in
the wood shop behind his house where his workbench is filled with tools he's
fashioned for carving a groove into the fiddle's body.

Some of his fiddles have sold for as much as $500, but he's not in it for the
money.

"I've never looked for customers," Latimer said. "It's just a hobby to me. Just
something to do. I've always felt like I've had too much energy."

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Dolan Latimer plays one of his handcrafted fiddles at his home
in Lane. Latimer says he's made 27 fiddles, most of which are created from cedar
wood that was cut from his 80 acres of land.
Photo 2: A fiddle sits on his Dolan Latimer's workbench with another fiddle he's
fixing for a musician. Latimer spends most mornings working on fiddles. - PHOTOS
BY JULIE BISBEE, THE OKLAHOMAN
Graphic: (map of Lane, OK)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           October 16, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Classical violinist gave it all up to play bluegrass; Increasing lineup of
youthful players inspires 'grande dame' of fiddling

BYLINE: Peter North, Freelance

SECTION: CULTURE; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 514  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


LAURIE LEWIS & THE RIGHT HANDS

With: Chris Stuart & Back Country, Rebecca Frazier and Down To The Wood

When: Tonight at 7:30

Where: Old Timer's Log Cabin, 9439 99th St.

Tickets: $20 for Northern Bluegrass Circle members, $25 for non-members at the
door

- - -

EDMONTON - Before Alison Krauss, Rhonda Vincent, Claire Lynch and Alison Brown
started making inroads for women in bluegrass over the past 15 years, Laurie
Lewis had won the respect of her peers in what has been a male-dominated musical
genre.

The fiddle-playing singer-songwriter from Berkeley, Calif., grew up in an
environment where rules were made to be broken.

Outside of Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Ohio and Tennessee, there was no richer
bluegrass community than the one found in the San Francisco area in the late
'60s and early '70s. Artists such as Pat Enright, Paul Shelasky, High Country
and Vern and Ray Park were playing in local saloons and festivals.

It was a community that championed roots music and as a teenager Lewis was
introduced to Doc Watson, The Greenbriar Boys and the Rev. Gary Davis at the
Berkeley Folk Festival.

"I had been a classical violin student and it all changed when my sister asked
me to play at her wedding," recalls Lewis.

"For the wedding, I learned a waltz by Chubby Wise, who was the fiddle player
for Bill Monroe and Flatt and

Scruggs. I suddenly realized I could play fiddle, and it was a guitar-playing
friend who then suggested we go hear some local bluegrass players at Paul's
Saloon."

San Francisco was a nurturing scene for an aspiring and gifted young musician in
the 1970s and Lewis is pleased to report that if the pendulum has swung over the
years, the acoustic roots scene is in a fairly healthy state today.

"There's a club here called Valencia that has a Doyle Lawson sing-along every
Monday night and it's amazing to hear all these kids singing the songs of a
bluegrass legend. It's really popular."

Lewis is fresh off participating in the Hardly Strictly Bluegrass Festival at
Golden Gate Park. She performed with several musicians, including Dave Alvin,
who introduced his cohorts as The Guilty Women, a new spin on his longtime band
The Guilty Men.

"It was an all-star lineup that included Cindy Cashdollar on dobro, Nina Gerber
on guitar and Christy McWilson on vocals," says Lewis. "The door was left open
for us to do it again."

For tonight's gig in Edmonton, she is working with another stellar cast,
collectively known as The Right Hands. They'll also be appearing at a series of
weekend workshops organized by the Northern Bluegrass Circle Music Society at
Camp He Ho Ha.

"I'm blessed to have a lineup that has been stable for quite a while," she says.
"Tom Rozum and I have been working together for 20 years and I first worked with
our banjo player Craig Smith 30 years ago.

"The workshops are always fun and it's mind-boggling how many great young
musicians are playing traditional music. It's an explosion and the average age
of the participants is twenty. I'm starting to feel like the grande dame of
these camps."

For more info on the workshops, log on to www.bluegrassnorth.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Supplied; Bluegrass artist Laurie Lewis ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 3, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

POP/JAZZ;
IRISH DAUGHTERS NOW JOIN IN THE MUSIC

BYLINE: By JON PARELES

SECTION: Section C; Page 6, Column 1; Weekend Desk

LENGTH: 983 words


IRISH traditional music runs in families. Children are welcome at the community
dances called ceilidhs and at the informal jam sessions called seisuns, where
musicians get together to strike up traditional jigs and hornpipes and reels,
trading and reclaiming the thousands of tunes in the traditional repertory. At
the homes of musicians, traditional melodies are in the air, ready to be picked
up by attentive youngsters; tunes are passed by ear, in a continuity that is
centuries old.

But something new is happening in this generation of Irish-American musicians.
Breaking through an old, unwritten law that traditional performing musicians
must be men, as they are in virtually every Western ethnic community, there are
first-rate female performers - fiddlers and flutists who are winning
competitions and providing the latest link in the Irish tradition. ''Fathers and
Daughters,'' a concert followed by a ceilidh tomorrow at Julia Richman High
School, 317 East 67th Street, will demonstrate this link, with performances by
pairs of Irish and Irish-American fathers and daughters. The concert is
presented by the Ethnic Folk Arts Center (691-9510).

Mick Moloney, an Irish musician and folklorist, organized the show, which
follows last year's ''Cherish the Ladies'' series. ''It wasn't hard to notice
that women were taking up the music,'' he said. ''At the qualifying competitions
for the All Ireland music contests, in New York and Chicago, it was obvious
eight or nine years ago that the best musicians were all women. The question was
why. Interestingly, the women are all first-born.''

'Know More Tunes'

''In many cases, daughters know more tunes than their fathers,'' Mr. Moloney
said. ''Daughters can start learning at an early age, when it's easiest to
learn. They have access to their fathers's repertoires, and their fathers'
friends' repertoires, as well as records and the money to buy them. They also
have mobility, to travel and learn more; there's a living link with Ireland.''

''Women just didn't do this before,'' he added. ''It wasn't part of their
expectations that they would perform in public. Performing means adopting a sort
of posture, and that posture was assumed to be a male role.

Tomorrow's concert will feature the 29-year-old Chicago fiddler Liz Carroll, who
won All Ireland competitions in 1974 and 1975, and her father, Kevin, an
Irish-born accordionist. Miss Carroll is an extraordinary fiddler; running
through traditional tunes, she brings something new out of every verse. ''I've
heard that I play Sligo fiddle, and Donegal, and that I play like such-a-one,
and even - I think because I'm an American -that I play bluegrass,'' she said.

''I started playing because of Dad,'' she said. ''When I'd come home he would be
playing accordion; Mom always liked Irish music because her father played
fiddle. My parents would take me and my brother to the local seisuns.''

From Accordion to Violin

Miss Carroll was given a toy acc as a child, and played it until her brother
stepped on it; she then began picking out tunes on her father's accordion. She
switched to fiddle because the nuns at her parish school offered lessons on
piano and violin, and her mother steered her toward the violin for its
portability.

After a few lessons in the basics of bowing, Miss Carroll would bring her fiddle
along to the seisuns and started picking up tunes by ear. ''Nobody really taught
Irish music,'' she said. ''The musicians would say they didn't know how. But if
you had an ear enough to figure out the tunes, you could just play. I never
minded sitting down with the older fellows and playing, and they would really
encourage people.

''I would listen to people in seisuns and to records, learning different ways of
playing, the ways of moving things. One fiddle player might play all the notes
short and crisp, another might crowd them together, or use a very smooth bow but
very clean fingering. Eventually, I'd throw up my arms and say, 'I don't know
what I sound like.' And then somebody tells me, 'You have a style.' ''

Other father-daughter pairs on the program include the accordionist Joe Madden
and his daughter Joan, who won the All Ireland tin whistle championship in 1984;
the flutist Mike Rafferty and his daughter Mary, who plays accordion, flute and
tin whistle and won an All Ireland Under 12 tin whistle championship in 1980;
the piper Mattie Connolly and his daughter Deirdre, a flutist, and the
accordionist John Fitzpatrick and his daughter Maureen, a fiddler. There will be
two family trios - the accordionist Martin Mulhaire, the pianist Laura Mulhaire
and the flutist Sheila Mulhaire; and the accordionist-flutist Brendan Mulvihill,
the banjoist Gail Mulvihill and the fiddler Dawn Mulvihill.

There will also be a father-and-son team, James and Jimmy Keane. The elder Mr.
Keane is a sean nos, or old-way singer - a nasal, highly ornamented, old Celtic
style - and his son is an accordionist. Donny and Eileen Golden, who are
siblings, will perform Irish step-dances - a showmanlike style, with the upper
body held still and the legs in astonishing, high-prancing kicks - accompanied
by Liz and Kevin Carroll.

''I was joking with one of the women,'' Mr. Moloney recalled. ''I said, 'You'll
probably get married and have children and stay home and give up the music.' She
got very stern, and she said, 'I'm going to pick the kind of man who will
appreciate that music is a big part of my life.' ''

''Fathers and Daughters'' will also include a screening of Mr. Moloney's
documentary film ''Did Your Mother Come from Ireland,'' at 12:30 P.M., and two
lecture-discussion workshops, ''Women in Irish American Music,'' at 2:15 P.M.,
and ''Women in Irish Society,'' at 4 P.M.

Tickets for the daytime events are $5. Tickets for the concert, which begins at
8 P.M., are $7.50; for the concert and the ceilidh that follows, $9.50.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of ''Fathers and Daughters'' (Richard Salas)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Lincolnshire Echo

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

Young ones join forces for Folk with Fiddles celebration

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 340  words


This week's concerts are mostly concentrated into the weekend - so there will be
some tough choices to make.

On Saturday (22nd) the Boston Orchestra, conducted by Roy Phillips, gives its
Autumn Concert of  family-friendly music by Rossini, Schubert, Elgar, FaurÃ© and
Bizet at the Centenary Methodist Church, Red Lion Street (7.30pm. £8, under 16s
free).

Lincolnshire's young string players from the String Chamber Orchestra, Cello
Ensemble and Folk Fiddles Ensemble join forces in a Folk with Fiddles
Celebration Concert at the Meres Leisure Centre in Grantham.

The event also includes dancers from Mini Morris, Go Dance and O'Dwyer Dance
Academy (7pm).

Lincoln Cathedral Choir sing Handel's evergreen Messiah in the cathedral.

Accompanied by the Lincoln Chamber Orchestra and with a fine line-up of
soloists, Kate Semmens, Joe Bolger, Mark Wilde and Bozidar Smiljanic and
conductor, Aric Prentice, all the ingredients are in place for a memorable
performance. (7.30pm. £10-£26. 01522 561644).

In Scunthorpe, the District Choral Society sing Bach's Christmas Oratorio at The
House, Brumby Wood Lane, Scunthorpe, under the capable baton of Susan
Hollingworth (7.30pm. 01724 297862).

On Sunday (23rd) Louth Choral Society, with guest conductor, Richard Crossland,
take on Dvorak's Mass in D, Howells Requiem and music by Vaughan Williams and
Louis Vierne in a concert at St James' Church, Louth (£12, £8, (01507 463410).

Richard Crossland is back on the rostrum again on Tuesday evening, this time
with Lincoln Chorale, in The Colours of Late Autumn, a concert of music by
Poulenc, Elgar, Bridge and Rheinberger at All Saints Church, North Hykeham
(7.30pm. £8. 01522 723967).

On Wednesday 26th, Allegro Appassionato lunchtime concert (12.45) is given by
the Whitfield Guitar Ensemble Louth, Conoco Rooms.

Next Thursday (27th), Louth Concert Society welcomes RNCM Gold Medal winning
percussionist, Delia Stevens in a varied programme of music from Bach to the
present day at The Salvation Army Hall (7.30pm. £12 (£10, £5, £2 under 16s).
01507 606371).

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Effingham Daily News (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 14, 2010 Thursday

Effingham to host fiddle contest

BYLINE: Bill Grimes, Effingham Daily News, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 365 words


Oct. 14--EFFINGHAM -- Weather concerns have caused the organizers of a
long-standing statewide event to try Effingham for the first time.

The 46th annual Illinois State Old Time Fiddle Contest will begin at 1 p.m.
Sunday at the Hilton Garden Inn. Contestants must register before 12:30 p.m.
Sunday.

Tickets are $5. Children aged 8 and under are admitted for free.

Effingham resident Ann White, vice president of the Illinois Old Time Fiddlers
Association, said the contest is being held indoors for the first time after
organizers tired of fighting the heat at the Moultrie-Douglas County Fair in
Arthur.

"It just seemed like the weather wasn't cooperating," White said.

Before moving to the Arthur fairgrounds, the contest was held at Rockome Gardens
near Arthur for several years. The first contest in 1965 was held at the
Chautauqua building in Shelbyville.

White said she expects around 30 contestants from throughout the state, though
most will live within an hour of Effingham. Some contestants hail from the Metro
East area of suburban St. Louis, while at least two are expected from the
Chicago area.

Contestants typically range anywhere from elementary school-age children to
octogenarians. Contest divisions are 10 and under, 11 to 19, over 70 and open.
The junior (11-19) champion qualifies for the open competition. In fact,
defending champion Tyler Moore of Marine won both divisions in 2009.

Contestants can get an idea of how they might fare at a precontest jam from 6 to
9 p.m. Saturday at the First Presbyterian Church in Effingham.

The contest is restricted to acoustic instruments.

For reserved tickets, contact White at 217-273-2482.

Bill Grimes can be reached at 217-347-7151 ext. 132 or
bill.grimes@effinghamdailynews.com

To see more of the Effingham Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://effinghamdailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Effingham Daily News, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101014-EF-Effingham-to-host-fiddle-contest-1014-20101014

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EF


                      Copyright 2010 Effingham Daily News

                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            August 31, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LOCAL BOWLING

BYLINE: BOB AUSTIN, Tribune correspondent

SECTION: NORTHEAST; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 489 words


By BOB AUSTIN

Tribune correspondent

Flood No Longer Second Fiddle

Perhaps Joey Flood was simply tired of playing second fiddle to his older
sister, although three perfect games in six years would certainly indicate that
that "fiddle" term wasn't so bad after all.

Not when your sister is Amanda Flood, who is not only one of Tampa's premier
bowlers, but who also can match strikes with most distaff members around the
state.

Last Friday's 12-in-a-row effort in the Pin Chasers Veterans Next Generation
Mixed League, followed by an almost just-as-impressive 288, proved to Joey, at
age 24 just three years removed from the junior program, that he deserves to
bowl right along side his sister.

Flood's latest perfecto came on Lanes 1 and 2, generally considered by most
bowlers to be mentally the toughest pair in any house due to the wall and
walkway on the left.

"All 12 strikes were right in the 1-3 pocket," said Flood. "Two of the strikes
were light hits, but all three in the 10th frame were solid."

The excitement and ultimate wait for everything to resume apparently took its
toll when Flood's first ball in the second game produced only seven pins. He
spared, strung the next 10 strikes and got eight pins on the final ball for 288.

Then, "I put the first five balls in the third game right in the pocket, but
only got two strikes." Three splits in the final five frames relegated Flood to
a 165 finale and a 753 series.

Flood's first lifetime 300 was on April 15, 2000 at Unity Lanes in Zephyrhills,
bowling for Brandon Crossroads Bowl's Junior Travel team. He switched to Pin
Chasers Veterans and bowled in the junior program until age 21.

And sister Amanda? Well, she viewed firsthand her brother's perfect night last
Friday because she's one of his three teammates in that league.

And she'll be the first to agree that little brother does belong on the same
lanes with her.


OAKFIELD LANES: As usual, the Thursday Nite Men's League was the hot league at
Oakfield Lanes last week.

Wally Fong's 719, bolstered by a 268 game, was the leader, followed by Frank
Fautas 289-713, Robbie Marsee 267-708, Tom Dale 707 and Mark Weaver 705.

Harry Pope Jr. paced the men in the Tuesday Nite Dreamers with 258-697 while
Jeff Williams had 268 and Jerry Williams 256-679. Cathy Meadows topped the women
with 214-587.

In the Ball and Chain League, Richard Meeks had high game of 268 while Jon
Bryne's 668 was high series for the men. Patsy Newman was high for the women
with 235-664. And in the Monday Nite Madness League, Dennis Sweet had 227-644,
Reggie Mitchell Jr. 242-624, Pat Siems 211 and Bonny Rundle 572.


AMF UNIVERSITY LANES: John Dickerman had high game of 267 while Shawn Lampinen
was the series leader with 687 for the men at AMF University Lanes. Joanne Mayer
led the women with 225-627.

Send local bowling news to bobaustin@verizon.net.

Copyright © 2006, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: SPORTS

GRAPHIC: .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             August 25, 2006 Friday

CENTRAL ILLINOIS BLUE-RIBBON WINNERS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 328 words


SPECIAL EVENTS

CHILI COOK-OFF

Chili Cook-Off, Salsa: Paul Wessing, Farmersville

Chili Cook-Off, Verde: Joni Deere, Pana

FIDDLE & BANJO CONTEST

Banjo, 17-59 Years Old: Mike Smith, Dawson

FIDDLE CONTEST

Fiddle - 16 & Under: Tyler Moore, Marine

TWILIGHT PARADE

FLOATS

COMMERCIAL ENTRIES

Director's Award: Lil Call, Springfield

Grand Marshall's Award: Cass Green, Springfield

Illinois State Fair Award: Lisa Davis, Springfield

GOVERNOR'S SWEEPSTAKES AWARDS

Governor's Sweepstakes Award: Bert Morton, Springfield

NON-COMMERCIAL ENTRIES

Director's Award: Deidre McQuillen, Springfield

Grand Marshall's Award: Bert Morton, Springfield

Illinois State Fair Award: Misty Woods, Springfield

SPECIALTY UNITS AWARDS

Director's Award: Rene Gallaher, Auburn

Grand Marshall's Award: Tabetha Pritchard, Farmersville

Illinois State Fair Award: Erin Fisher, Sherman

WALKING UNITS

Director's Award: Debbie Spraye, Springfield

Grand Marshall's Award: Courtney Sommer, Springfield

Illinois State Fair Award: Pam Cannon, Springfield

LIVESTOCK

GOATS

BOER GOATS

0-3 Months Doe: Betty Hazel, Easton

PERCENTAGE BOER GOATS

Reserve Grand Champion Wether: Michael Earles, Mechanicsburg

Wethers - Light Weight: Michael Earles, Mechanicsburg

PYGMY GOATS

24 - 36 Months Yearling Buck: Adam Cooper, Moro

9 - 12 Months, Sr Doe Kid: Adam Cooper, Moro

Jr Champion Doe: Adam Cooper, Moro

Reserve Grand Champion Buck: Adam Cooper, Moro

Reserve Sr Champion Buck: Adam Cooper, Moro

GOATS LAND ON LINCOLN

PYGMY GOATS

24 - 36 Months Buck: Adam Cooper, Moro

9 - 12 Months, Sr Doe Kid: Adam Cooper, Moro

Jr Champion Doe: Adam Cooper, Moro

Sr Champion Buck: Adam Cooper, Moro

SWINE

SWINE MISCELLANEOUS

Husband Calling Contest: Sherry Day, Springfield

Husband Calling Contest Champion: Sherry Day, Springfield

SPECIAL CONTESTS

BOCCIE BALL

MEN & WOMEN STATE CONSOLATION TOURNAMENT

Men: Gary Brown, Taylorville

Women: Ramona Niehaus, Pawnee

MEN & WOMEN STATE TOURNAMENT

Men: Wes Aymer, Kincaid

Women: Tammy Hart, Kincaid

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

Fiddle Crawl designs pour in; sponsors sought

BYLINE: Jessica Johnson, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 945 words


Dec. 20--Downtown Mount Airy's first public art Fiddle Crawl moved one step
closer to fruition with the completion of the artist application process.

Twenty-three designs were submitted to the Mount Airy Downtown group and
evaluated by the promotions committee this week to prepare for the next step
--matching sponsors with artists.

Artists from across the region sent in two-dimensional designs to represent
their vision for the large, three-dimensional fiberglass fiddle sculptures. The
artists who receive sponsors will decorate and paint the fiberglass fiddle
sculptures, which will arrive in February, "primed and ready to paint." Artists
will work on their creations until April, Main Street Coordinator Lizzie
Morrison explained.

The Fiddle Scrawl sculpture reveal will take place on May 2, 2014, then
sculptures without reserves will be auctioned off in October to support funding
for downtown economic development.

Morrison said the group is "actively seeking" sponsors, with MAD promotion
committee members serving as the "bridge between artists and sponsors," each
armed with notebooks containing two-dimensional design renderings the artists
created as part of the application process.

Members of the Mount Airy Downtown promotions committee gathered early Monday
morning to evaluate the artist applications that poured in, small works of art
that were spread across the the table, end to end with colorful designs -- "such
a good visualization of what this fiddle crawl will be," MAD board member and
promotions committee member Gail Theard remarked. Theard took part in the
initial review of the artist applications, along with board member and
promotions committee member Jennie Lowry and board member and promotions chair
Amy Slate, all who stood in awe and delight with Main Street Coordinator Lizzie
Morrison, as they gazed upon the many proposed fiddle designs.

The wide-variety of designs included details such as:

- natural elements, such as a meandering river, flowers blooming all over, and
water lilies on a pond

- a watercolor depiction of a singing fiddle -- featuring the side of a woman's
face with flowing hair

- a photo realism design featuring Tommy Jarrell's fiddle

- heritage-inspired designs including elements such as farms, cabins, and
mountains

- designs that incorporated music, including some with guitars, banjos, and
fiddles

- a three-dimensional application of handmade glass beads

- abstract designs

- historical designs, such one featuring the Siamese twins

- a tribute to Mount Airy with Andy Griffith, grapevines, and mountains, with an
American flag on the back

- symbols of the state of North Carolina

- "Andy Griffith Show" characters

- a design featuring a depiction of Mount Airy granite

"These are all spectacular; I'm about to cry I'm so happy...just amazing." Slate
exclaimed after examining the designs closely. "I want to make sure we place
these so we can see both sides," she mentioned, after examining a design that
included plans for a colorful sunrise on the front and a full moon on the back.
Morrison replied: "We are going to make sure they are placed at an angle, so
everyone can see both sides -- the entire fiddle will be decorated."

Morrison said sponsors should plan to make their commitment "as early as
possible," since all artist's designs will be "first come, first serve," with
sponsors placing exclusive rights on their chosen designs.

There are many benefits to sponsoring an artist for the fiddle crawl, Morrison
described, including the sponsor's name or business' name listed on a plaque
that will be attached to the base of each fiddle sculpture, as well as used in
all marketing materials. Proceeds from sponsors will "provide economic funding
for economic development for the downtown district" which will help the Mount
Airy Downtown group strive toward cross-promoting arts in the community with
local businesses supporting local artists. Additionally, Morrison said the
sculptures will be a "new draw to downtown for tourists and locals."

The full sponsorship level of $3,000 will guarantee the sponsor a permanent
fiddle sculpture, one that will not be auctioned off at the completion of the
public art display. Sponsors at this level will receive their fiddle sculpture
and may choose how to display it in the future.

The $750 and $1,500 sponsorship levels may be shared by up to two sponsors,
Morrison added. Sponsors may include a business, individual, civic group, or
other organization. Sponsors at this level will receive their paired fiddle
sculpture for display in Downtown Mount Airy during the first Fiddle Crawl, from
May 2 through Autumn Leaves Festival in October.

The board will consider a change to the sidewalk ordinance at the Dec. 20
meeting, which could allow for exceptions to the ordinance for special events,
including the Fiddle Crawl, when the 220-pound, 5-feet-tall fiddle sculptures to
be placed on display along the sidewalk for the duration of the special event.

Anyone who is interested in becoming a sponsor should fill out an application,
which can be found at mountairydowntown.org. For more information about Mount
Airy Downtown and the Fiddle Crawl, email coordinator@mountairydowntown.org or
call 786-4511.

Artists will be notified as soon as they receive a sponsor, and a full list of
chosen artists and participating sponsors will be released by Mount Airy
Downtown before February.

"We are very appreciative of the artist's efforts, they are gorgeous and I feel
like this is a great day for Mount Airy," Slate avowed.

___ (c)2013 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131220-NI-Fiddle-Crawl-designs-pour-in-sponsors-sought-1220-20131220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2013

                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

Concert review: Mary Fahl's soaring vocals a highlight of female-dominated show

BYLINE: Jon Fassnacht, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 621 words


June 22--It may have been Father's Day, but mothers and daughters dominated
Sunday afternoon's Berks Country Fest concert, "Singin' and Strummin' Sunday."
Women fronted each of the four acts that performed at the Scottish Rite
Cathedral.

It was an outdoor-style festival held indoors at the West Reading site. The
loose setting featured patrons coming and going, checking out the music,
sampling the food and drink from local businesses in the lobby.

The three hours of music kicked off at noon with the Martin Sisters Texas Swing
Band.

An offshoot of the Celtic Martins, a Lebanon County family band, the Martin
Sisters quintet included the trio of fiddle-playing sisters -- Emily Roeder,
Christy Martin and Melissa Martin, ranging in age from mid-teens to mid-20s --
along with Butch Imhoff on guitar and Eric Fisher on stand-up bass.

The songs, mostly instrumental, included a cover of Roy Rogers' "Navajo Trail,"
the sisters singing in tight, three-part harmony reminiscent of the Andrews
Sisters.

The Hannah Violet Trio followed, featuring Lyons Fiddle Fest judge Hannah Violet
performing with her father, Dave "Mitch" Miller and guitarist Phil Pilorz.
Violet, an area native who resides in Nashville, powered the mix of originals
and covers with a strong, full voice that included a hint of country inflection,
best showcased on a stirring version of Dolly Parton's "Jolene."

Miller handled most of the fiddling duties, though a few times Violet put down
her guitar and joined in on the fiddling fun.

Following an hour's worth of rustic, acoustic music, Bibi and the Bull were a
notable change of pace.

The Philadelphia-based quintet of twentysomethings was fronted by Kutztown
native Beatrice Ferreira, the third Lyons Fiddle Festival grand champion fiddler
to perform during the show. But there were little traces of her past in her new
band's music, a jazz-pop stew featuring progressive arrangements and quickly
shifting tempos, all tied together by Ferreira's sultry intonations. It was
Steely Dan meets Norah Jones, with the occasional fiddle shadings.

The band's set ended with their most country-sounding song, a swinging take on
"When the Saints Go Marching In" mixed with jazz standard "All of Me."

A cathedral was the perfect place for Mary Fahl to perform, her vocals often
soaring and ethereal, although with the name Fahl she was a bit of an ironic
headliner for a concert staged on the first day of summer.

She's best-known for her work with the October Project in the early '90s, but an
informal survey found about as many people in the crowd who had never heard of
her as there were fans of the band. That was par for the course.

"Nowadays I will get two reactions when people ask me if I was ever in a band,"
Fahl said. "I say the name of the band, and most of the time I get a glazed-over
look, but then I get the other reaction every so often: (said dramatically) 'You
saved my life.' "

Occasionally Fahl and her backing quartet kicked it in high gear, but most of
the songs featured subtle percussion and soft blankets of keyboards, leaving
space for her reverb-aided vocals to hang in the air.

Fahl played a few well-known covers -- Pink Floyd's "Us and Them" and Joni
Mitchell's "Both Sides Now" -- and one from way back in the 11th century. "Ben
Aindi Habibi," sung in the Mozarabic language, included a longing arrangement
heavy on Indian overtones.

"This is probably my favorite song in the whole, wide world," she said, "and I
think it almost reached across the centuries to me."

Contact Jon Fassnacht: 610-371-5017 or jfassnacht@readingeagle.com

TODAY'S SPONSOR:

___ (c)2015 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150622-RE-Concert-review-Mary-Fahl-s-soaring-vocals-a-highlight-of-female-domi
nated-show-0622-20150622

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2015 Reading Eagle

                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             July 5, 2012 Thursday

LIL ORPHANS CREOLE CONNECTION PLAYS AT THE METROPOLIS

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 296 words


Thursday July 5, 2012

BRATTLEBORO -- On Saturday from 8 to 11 p.m., the Lil Orphans Creole Connection
will bring the sounds of south Louisiana and the greater Caribbean basin to The
Metropolis Wine Bar & Cocktail Lounge, 55 Elliot St.

Lil Orphans have been presenting their blend of Cajun and Creole music in New
Hampshire and Vermont for more than 10 years, incorporating New Orleans R&B,
blues, zydeco, jazz, as well as a variety of Caribbean Creole music from Haiti,
Guadeloupe, Martinique, St. Lucia and Trinidad. For this event, the Lil Orphans
Creole Connection will feature New Orleans native Pete Simoneaux on fiddle and
vocals, Linda Simoneaux on fiddle, accordian and vocals, Dan Kasnitz on electric
bass, Walter Slowinski on clarinet and Lisa Newell on percussion.

Pete Simoneaux says, "This is going to be the debut performance of this
particular group, and a new variation of our existing bands, with an acoustic
focus that we hope will work really well in an intimate space like the
Metropolis. We'll be featuring Walter Slowinski of Butterfly Swing on clarinet,
and Lisa Newell of Gaia Roots on percussion. We'll be playing some of the most
archaic parts of our traditional Cajun repertoire, including some twin fiddle
tunes that rarely get played much anymore. And we're going to mix this up with a
lot of stuff from what I like to call our 'pan-creole' repertoire, which
includes a lot of original Caribbean Creole things, derived from the music of
Haiti, Guadeloupe, Martinique, Trinidad. Although it might not be obvious, all
these countries have contributed a lot to the evolution of Cajun and Creole
music in Louisiana, and to us, it's really all part of a creole continuum that
pretty much circles the entire globe."

There is no cover for music at Metropolis.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 13, 2005 Saturday

Playing to the fiddle, heart of American folk

BYLINE: ALICIA ANSTEAD BANGOR DAILY NEWS

SECTION: Pg. Y18

LENGTH: 786 words


Think about the diversity of a folk festival and images of exotic instruments
may come to mind. This year, expect to see a Greek trapezoidal string santouri,
Spanish flamenco guitarra, Creole washboard, Cajun accordion, and hand drums
from the American Indian Tsimshian people.

But think about the bedrock of folk festivals and one instrument stands out: the
fiddle. In the United States, fiddle music is a standard by which many folk
festivals are measured. American Indians, European adventurers and Anglo
immigrants have fiddle traditions that are associated now with roots music in
this country. In Maine in particular, the Acadians and Irish played work songs
and family tunes that are still performed in authentic arrangements and modern
variations.

During the last three National Folk Festivals in Bangor, fiddlers have been
highlighted. This year's American Folk Festival will feature three generations
of Maine Franco-American fiddling masters, as well as Swedish American fiddler
Paul Dahlin and his group, Akta Spelman, from Minnesota.

"The fiddle is more emblematic of folk culture than any other instrument, and it
was everywhere in Colonial and frontier settings," said Nick Spitzer, host of
the radio show "American Routes" and a board member of the National Council for
the Traditional Arts. "There's no doubt the instrument has a long and enduring
tradition with music. It's a bridge between cultures, classes and styles."

Spitzer has attended the last three festivals in Bangor, and although
professional and family obligations will prevent him from helping to launch the
American, he was pleased to hear the lineup of fiddlers at this year's event.

Erica Brown of Lewiston is among the performers who will be on a panel of
fiddlers. She said that fiddle music not only reveals regional history, it
provides a bridge between generations. As a girl, she listened to her French
Canadian grandfather - her pepere - play the button accordion and harmonica, and
she danced to the tunes.

"I've loved music my whole life," said Brown, who will perform at The American.
"When pepere would put down his harmonica, I'd pick it back up and put it to his
nose. I was so small at the time, I couldn't talk yet but that was my way of
telling him to play more."

By the time Brown was 6, she started to play classical violin. She had just
started playing when her grandfather became ill. She visited him in the hospital
with her instrument and entertained him with rudimentary versions of "Frere
Jacques" and "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star."

"My grandmother later told me that he was so proud of me," said Brown. "I think
that's part of why I'm big into my heritage. It allows me to carry on a
tradition I care so much about. Anything I can do to keep it going, I will."

Including teaching. At 21, Brown instructs other young fiddlers about the
nuances of her own techniques, which include bluegrass, French-Canadian
traditional tunes, Irish music and even some classical music.

While her grandfather was influential in both her personal and professional
lives, Brown also studied with Don Roy, the dean of Franco-American fiddling in
Maine. For Roy, who lives in Gorham, music is even more than a heritage; it's a
way of life. He began playing guitar at 6 and fiddle at 15. His mentor and
teacher was Lucien Mathieu, his uncle. Roy and his trio, including his wife,
Cindy Roy, and fiddler Jay Young, as well as Mathieu, who is now in his 80s,
will be at The American.

The collective and cumulative experience among players, however, isn't enough to
make good music. It comes from a combination of talent, practice, exposure and
passion, said the musicians.

"The music lives in and around me," said Roy, a maintenance foreman for the
Maine Turnpike Authority. "It's in your heart and your head and in your eyes and
ears and your feet. It's a huge part of my life. Always has been. Always will
be."

That feeling connects fiddlers regardless of their cultural background, said
Roy. He looks forward to hearing the music of Paul Dahlin, a National Heritage
Fellow, whose own family plays in his Swedish folk music band. As a child,
Dahlin, a violin repairman in Minnesota, learned tunes from the old country from
his late grandfather, a Swedish immigrant. Now Dahlin, like Roy, teaches others
the regional music of the province of Dalarna in Sweden.

"I think you'll find most fiddlers think about the music the same way," said
Roy. "We have an appreciation and recognition that someone has hung onto what
they were brought up with. It's not that they can do it. It's that they have
to."

And of Dahlin and his Swedish music, Roy, steeped in Franco-American traditions,
said: "That'll mix. I'll be able to cross up with him pretty well."

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News

                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Making music a family affair comes with strings attached

BYLINE: Keith Bruce

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 806 words


MARK O'Connor's son Forrest was not always a shoo-in to the family band. He's an
enthusiastic driving force in it now, but O'Connor senior, a musician whose
career defines the term cross-over as he moves between bluegrass, country, swing
jazz and classical styles, remembers a time when Forrest was more interested in
getting the cello virtuoso and one of his father's pals, Yo-Yo Ma to play
frisbee than to play music.

It may be O'Connor's own story that made Forrest reluctant initially to follow
in his father's footsteps. Already a prize-winning flamenco guitarist by the age
of 10, O'Connor pleaded with his parents to buy him a fiddle and eventually
persuaded them to get one for his 11th birthday. The proviso was that he
attended lessons and practised. He did both, especially the latter.

Fast forward one year and the O'Connors - mother, Mark and his little sister -
were driving from their home in Seattle to Nashville because they wanted to see
parts of the country they'd only seen on television. It was, O'Connor recalls, a
different world and within five days of arriving in Nashville the 12-year-old's
circumstances had changed completely.

"We knew one person in Nashville before we set off," says O'Connor, who by this
time had added mandolin, having won one in a music competition, to his fiddle
and guitar playing. "We called ahead and he said, go down to Second Avenue and
go into the Picking Parlour. They might get you up on stage for a tune."

They did indeed. A tune became a 45-minute set as the audience, stunned that a
12-year-old knew all their old-time fiddle favourites, kept making requests and
the youngster kept delivering them.

"It was quite rare back then, in the early 1970s, to see a child playing
old-time fiddle," says O'Connor. "These days, there are great young players
everywhere you look but I was a novelty. A couple of days later, on the Friday,
I went along to the Grand Ole Opry to play for Roy Acuff and he put me on the
Opry stage. Then, on the Monday, I was in a recording studio, making my first
album for Rounder Records."

The Rounder label was a bit of an infant prodigy itself. It had only been in
business for three or four years when O'Connor made that first album but already
it was earning a reputation for releasing high-quality American roots music.
Bluegrass sweetheart and musical partner of Robert Plant Alison Krauss would
follow O'Connor on to the label as a precocious teenager in the mid-1980s, but
by then O'Connor was well established as a first-call Nashville session
musician. He has now played on more than 500 albums and having recorded with one
musician whose tapes soundtracked the family's trans-American drive, Johnny
Cash, he was able to hire Cash's services for a vocal on a new version of
Charlie Daniels' The Devil Went Down to Georgia.

O'Connor also got to play with another hero, bluegrass founder Bill Monroe,
although they had met dozens of times previously as O'Connor had picked up
prizes, often directly from Monroe, at bluegrass competitions. Then, as he
became a fixture on the session scene, O'Connor met bassist Edgar Meyer, a
bluegrass player who was equally at home in the symphony orchestra and who
introduced him to the classical players who were passing through Nashville.

"It was really through hanging out with orchestral players that I started to get
ideas about classical music," he says. "I remember thinking, I could write an
American caprice and because my fiddle teacher back when I was starting out made
sure I had the mechanics of a western classical technique - good tone,
precision, strong vibrato - as well as learning folk music, I was able to move
in those circles. Then, when I wrote my fiddle concerto, it opened doors to
meeting people like Yo-Yo Ma and performing with orchestras."

Formed in 2014, the O'Connor Band, which makes its Scottish debut at Celtic
Connections and sees O'Connor making his first visit to Scotland since he worked
with Aly Bain and Phil Cunningham in the 1980s, features O'Connor's wife Maggie
on violin as well as the aforementioned Forrest, a business graduate from
Harvard, on vocals and mandolin, his fiancee, violinist Kate Lee, guitarist Joe
Smart and bassist Geoff Saunders. It is, says O'Connor, a really invigorating
group to play in.

"It's fun because we're family but everyone takes the music very seriously," he
says.

"My wife grew up learning classical violin and playing bluegrass in her own
family band so she's used to working hard to get things right. We rehearse
rigorously and I think it's paying off.

"Our first album, Coming Home, has been nominated for a Grammy and just playing
with these guys has inspired me to pick up mandolin and guitar again."

Mark O'Connor appears in Strings of the World at Glasgow Royal Concert Hall
tomorrow and the O'Connor Band plays City Halls, Glasgow on Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2017 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved

                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                             Lincoln Snacks Company

                              30 BUXTON FARM ROAD
                              STAMFORD,  CT 06905
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-203-3294545
FAX: 1-203-3294555
URL: Home Page: http://www.lincolnsnacks.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: SNAXE
CUSIP: 534744107
IRS No.: 470758569
CIK: 0000914642
ISIN: US5347441074
Reuters Instrument Code: SNAX.O^L99
Display RIC: SNAX.OB

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Inactive
EMPLOYEES: 82

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Lincoln Snacks Company is one of the leading manufacturers and marketers in
the United States and Canada of caramelized pre-popped popcorn. The primary
product line includes glazed popcorn/nut mixes and sweet glazed popcorn sold
under the brand names Poppycock, Fiddle Faddle and Screaming Yellow Zonkers.

   The Company was formed in August 1992, at which time it acquired the business
and certain assets of Lincoln Snacks Company, a division of Sandoz Nutrition
Corporation, an indirect subsidiary of the Swiss-based drug, pharmaceutical and
hospital care company, Sandoz Ltd. In March 1993, Carousel Nut Company, a newly
formed wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired the business and certain
assets of Carousel Nut Products, Inc., a producer and marketer of roasted, dry
roasted, coated, raw and mixed nuts. In December 1993, Carousel was merged with
and into the Company, and the operations of Carousel were integrated with the
Company's plant in Lincoln, Nebraska in the first quarter of 1994. In March
1998, the Company acquired certain assets of Iroquois Popcorn Company, a private
label manufacturer of caramelized popcorn. In June 1998, Brynwood Partners III,
L.P. purchased a controlling interest in the Company from Noel Group, Inc.

   The Company markets its Poppycock, Fiddle Faddle and Screaming Yellow Zonkers
directly through independent brokers to grocery stores, supermarkets,
convenience stores, drug stores, mass merchandise outlets, warehouse clubs,
vending channels, military commissaries and other military food outlets, and
other retailers.

   Poppycock is a premium priced mixture of nuts and popcorn in a deluxe buttery
glaze. Fiddle Faddle is a more moderately priced brand of popcorn and peanut
clusters with a candied glaze. A fat free version of Fiddle Faddle consists of
popcorn with a caramel glaze. Screaming Yellow Zonkers is produced by coating
popcorn clusters with a sweet buttery glaze. The Company also manufactures
private label caramel popcorn.

   Poppycock competes with other premium quality snack products, while Fiddle
Faddle and Screaming Yellow Zonkers compete directly with Crunch N' Munch
(International Home Foods, Inc., Food Division), Cracker Jack (Frito Lay, Inc.)
Orville Redenbacher (Hunt Wesson) and a number of other regional and local
brands. The Company's products also compete indirectly with traditional
confections and other snack food products.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
31134 - Non-Chocolate Confectionery Manufacturing
SIC CODES:
2064 - Candy/other Confectionery Prod'Ts
COMPETITORS:

     ·    International Home Foods


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: June 30, 2000

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    06/30/2000      06/30/1999      06/30/1998
Cash                                     9,732           6,782           3,726
Cash and Short Term                      9,732           6,782           3,726
Investments
Accounts Receivable - Trade,             1,528           3,304           1,703
Net
Total Receivables, Net                   1,528           3,304           1,703
Total Inventory                          2,522           2,682           2,363
Prepaid Expenses                             1              14              62
Total Current Assets                    13,783          12,782           7,854
Buildings - Gross                        1,792           1,790           1,783
Land/Improvements - Gross                  370             370             370
Machinery/Equipment - Gross              4,857           4,715           5,024
Construction in Progress -                 508             100              13
Gross
Property/Plant/Equipment,                7,527           6,975           7,190
Total - Gross
Accumulated Depreciation,              (3,797)         (3,349)         (2,878)
Total
Property/Plant/Equipment,                3,730           3,626           4,312
Total - Net
Intangibles, Net                         3,389           3,346           3,907
Total Assets                            20,902          19,754          16,073



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    06/30/2000      06/30/1999      06/30/1998
Accounts Payable                           771             674           1,197
Accrued Expenses                         3,729           3,738           2,811
Other Current Liabilities                   13              13              13
Other Current liabilities,                  13              13              13
Total
Total Current Liabilities                4,513           4,425           4,354
Total Debt                               5,000           5,000             333
Other Long Term Liabilities                 77              90             103
Other Liabilities, Total                    77              90             103
Total Liabilities                        9,590           9,515           4,457



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    06/30/2000      06/30/1999      06/30/1998
Common Stock                                65              65              65
Common Stock, Total                         65              65              65
Additional Paid-In Capital              18,011          18,011          18,011
Retained Earnings (Accumulated         (6,739)         (7,811)         (6,433)
Deficit)
Treasury Stock - Common                   (26)            (26)            (26)
Total Equity                            11,311          10,239          11,617
Total Liabilities &                     20,901          19,754          16,074
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock               6,332           6,332           6,332
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                      6,332           6,332           6,332
Outstanding



FOOTNOTE
                                    06/30/2000      06/30/1999      06/30/1998
Full-Time Employees                         82              85              93
Intangibles - Net                        3,389           3,346           3,907



RATIOS
                                    06/30/2000      06/30/1999      06/30/1998
Total Current Assets less               11,261          10,100           5,491
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                                  2               2               1
Current Ratio                                3               3               2
Net Debt('000 USD)                     (4,732)         (1,782)         (3,393)
Tangible Book Value('000 USD)            7,922           6,893           7,710
Tangible Book Value per Share                1               1               1
(USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    06/30/2000      06/30/1999      06/30/1998
Net Sales                               29,703          27,081          24,278
Revenue                                 29,703          27,081          24,278
Total Revenue                           29,703          27,081          24,278
Cost of Revenue                         18,529          17,914          15,405
Cost of Revenue, Total                  18,529          17,914          15,405
Gross Profit                            11,174           9,167           8,873
Selling/General/Administrative          10,133           9,702           8,096
Expense
Selling/General/Admin.                  10,133           9,702           8,096
Expenses, Total
Total Operating Expense                 28,662          28,493          22,609
Operating Income                         1,041         (1,412)           1,669
Interest Income(Exp), Net                  109              78             128
Non-Operating
Interest                                   109              78             128
Inc.(Exp.),Net-Non-Op., Total
Net Income Before Taxes                  1,132         (1,334)           1,778
Provision for Income Taxes                  60              44             110
Net Income After Taxes                   1,072         (1,378)           1,668
Net Income Before Extra. Items           1,072         (1,378)           1,668
Income Available to Com Excl             1,072         (1,378)           1,668
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares            6,332           6,332           6,332
Basic EPS Excluding                          0               0               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                 9,987           6,332           6,332
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd               0               0               0
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    06/30/2000      06/30/1999      06/30/1998
Net Income                               1,072         (1,378)           1,668
Income Available to Com Incl             1,072         (1,378)           1,668
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    06/30/2000      06/30/1999      06/30/1998
Normalized Income Before Taxes           1,132           (457)           2,262
Inc Tax Ex Impact of Sp Items               60             351             140
Normalized Income After Taxes            1,072           (808)           2,122
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.            1,072           (808)           2,122
Basic Normalized EPS                         0               0               0
Diluted Normalized EPS                       0               0               0



RATIOS
                                    06/30/2000      06/30/1999      06/30/1998
Gross Margin                                38              34              37
Operating Margin                             4              -5               7
Pretax Margin                                4              -5               7
Net Profit Margin                            4              -5               7
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)                1,041           (535)           2,153
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)              1,855             329           2,958



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    06/30/2000      06/30/1999      06/30/1998
Basic EPS Including                          0               0               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                           1             (1)               2
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd               0               0               0
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    06/30/2000      06/30/1999      06/30/1998
Pro Forma Stock Compensation                79             114             449
Expense
Net Income after Stock Based               993         (1,492)           1,219
Comp. Exp.
Basic EPS after Stock Based                  0               0               0
Comp. Exp. (USD)
Diluted EPS after Stock Based                0               0               0
Comp. Exp. (USD)
Depreciation, Supplemental                 616             672             645
Amort of Intangibles,                      198             192             160
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    06/30/2000      06/30/1999      06/30/1998
Net Income/Starting Line                 1,072         (1,378)           1,667
Depreciation                               616             672             645
Depreciation/Depletion                     616             672             645
Amortization of Intangibles                198             192             160
Amortization                               198             192             160
Other Non-Cash Items                        29              62              58
Non-Cash Items                              29             652              58
Accounts Receivable                      1,765         (1,663)             687
Inventories                                160           (319)           (460)
Prepaid Expenses                          (53)              48            (33)
Accounts Payable                            96           (523)           (160)
Accrued Expenses                          (20)             914             943
Changes in Working Capital               1,948         (1,543)             977
Cash from Operating Activities           3,863         (1,405)           3,507
Purchase of Fixed Assets                 (807)           (207)           (489)
Capital Expenditures                     (807)           (207)           (489)
Cash from Investing Activities           (912)           (207)         (1,222)
Net Change in Cash                       2,950           3,055           2,120
Net Cash - Beginning Balance             6,782           3,726           1,606
Net Cash - Ending Balance                9,732           6,782           3,726
Cash Interest Paid                         302              86              13
Cash Taxes Paid                             74              37             106

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          27.75
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          87.20
%, TTM
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         9
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     33
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.46
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.46
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.61
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               7.12
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  10.30
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     8.93
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            12.29
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                10.04
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  14.43
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.25
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.97
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              2,441.41
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                  216.64
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  23.92
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      21.26
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  44.20
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      37.35
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          44.71
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           30.65
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               27.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      2.50
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          2.80
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.48
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         23.92
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             21.26
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             30.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            27.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         44.20
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             37.35
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          44.71
year ago
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       12.23
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    5.81
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   7.24
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      11.23
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -36.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -86.65
EPS Change % - year over year                                            162.57
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                48.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          33.91
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.74
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               -15.79
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.45
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -62.50
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -91.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  67.72
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     177.79
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.87
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -29.57
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           9.68
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                1.82
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -7.02
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          3.96
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -20.77
Growth
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                  7.86
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                         5.30
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                             6.60
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                               6.43
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  4.12
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.27
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             1.69
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               7.41
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               9.81
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.64
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              9.95
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.98
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              12.35
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              17.76
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      5.65
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             6.76
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 2.50
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.57
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              7.50
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     6.25
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           7.61
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 37.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 33.85
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             33.91
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        39.57
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.57
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         2.59
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           3.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -5.09
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.15
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.25
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.08
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              3.50
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -5.21
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.97
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                      .02
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       5.68
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 3.81
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.93
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             2.81
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          6.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            34.11
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           39.54
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             36.90
Float                                                                      1.30
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              9.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             9.17
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           9.99
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.33
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.33
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.33
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.33
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.53



Cash Flow
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          27.75
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          87.20
%, TTM
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         9
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     33
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.46
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.46
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.61
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               7.12
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  10.30
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     8.93
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            12.29
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                10.04
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  14.43
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.25
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.97
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              2,441.41
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                  216.64
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  23.92
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      21.26
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  44.20
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      37.35
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          44.71
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           30.65
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               27.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      2.50
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          2.80
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.48
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         23.92
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             21.26
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             30.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            27.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         44.20
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             37.35
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          44.71
year ago
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       12.23
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    5.81
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   7.24
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      11.23
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -36.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -86.65
EPS Change % - year over year                                            162.57
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                48.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          33.91
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.74
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               -15.79
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.45
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -62.50
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -91.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  67.72
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     177.79
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.87
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -29.57
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           9.68
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                1.82
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -7.02
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          3.96
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -20.77
Growth
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                  7.86
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                         5.30
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                             6.60
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                               6.43
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  4.12
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.27
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             1.69
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               7.41
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               9.81
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.64
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              9.95
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.98
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              12.35
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              17.76
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      5.65
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             6.76
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 2.50
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.57
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              7.50
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     6.25
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           7.61
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 37.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 33.85
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             33.91
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        39.57
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.57
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         2.59
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           3.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -5.09
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.15
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.25
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.08
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              3.50
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -5.21
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.97
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                      .02
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       5.68
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 3.81
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.93
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             2.81
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          6.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            34.11
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           39.54
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             36.90
Float                                                                      1.30
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              9.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             9.17
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           9.99
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.33
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.33
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.33
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.33
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.53



Descriptive
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          27.75
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          87.20
%, TTM
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         9
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     33
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.46
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.46
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.61
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               7.12
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  10.30
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     8.93
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            12.29
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                10.04
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  14.43
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.25
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.97
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              2,441.41
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                  216.64
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  23.92
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      21.26
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  44.20
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      37.35
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          44.71
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           30.65
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               27.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      2.50
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          2.80
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.48
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         23.92
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             21.26
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             30.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            27.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         44.20
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             37.35
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          44.71
year ago
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       12.23
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    5.81
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   7.24
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      11.23
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -36.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -86.65
EPS Change % - year over year                                            162.57
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                48.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          33.91
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.74
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               -15.79
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.45
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -62.50
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -91.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  67.72
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     177.79
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.87
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -29.57
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           9.68
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                1.82
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -7.02
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          3.96
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -20.77
Growth
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                  7.86
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                         5.30
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                             6.60
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                               6.43
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  4.12
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.27
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             1.69
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               7.41
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               9.81
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.64
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              9.95
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.98
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              12.35
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              17.76
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      5.65
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             6.76
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 2.50
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.57
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              7.50
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     6.25
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           7.61
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 37.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 33.85
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             33.91
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        39.57
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.57
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         2.59
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           3.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -5.09
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.15
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.25
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.08
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              3.50
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -5.21
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.97
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                      .02
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       5.68
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 3.81
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.93
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             2.81
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          6.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            34.11
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           39.54
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             36.90
Float                                                                      1.30
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              9.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             9.17
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           9.99
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.33
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.33
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.33
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.33
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.53



Efficiency Ratios
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          27.75
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          87.20
%, TTM
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         9
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     33
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.46
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.46
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.61
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               7.12
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  10.30
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     8.93
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            12.29
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                10.04
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  14.43
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.25
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.97
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              2,441.41
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                  216.64
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  23.92
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      21.26
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  44.20
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      37.35
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          44.71
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           30.65
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               27.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      2.50
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          2.80
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.48
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         23.92
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             21.26
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             30.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            27.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         44.20
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             37.35
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          44.71
year ago
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       12.23
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    5.81
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   7.24
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      11.23
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -36.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -86.65
EPS Change % - year over year                                            162.57
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                48.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          33.91
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.74
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               -15.79
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.45
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -62.50
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -91.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  67.72
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     177.79
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.87
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -29.57
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           9.68
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                1.82
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -7.02
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          3.96
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -20.77
Growth
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                  7.86
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                         5.30
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                             6.60
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                               6.43
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  4.12
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.27
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             1.69
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               7.41
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               9.81
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.64
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              9.95
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.98
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              12.35
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              17.76
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      5.65
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             6.76
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 2.50
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.57
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              7.50
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     6.25
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           7.61
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 37.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 33.85
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             33.91
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        39.57
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.57
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         2.59
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           3.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -5.09
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.15
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.25
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.08
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              3.50
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -5.21
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.97
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                      .02
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       5.68
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 3.81
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.93
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             2.81
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          6.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            34.11
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           39.54
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             36.90
Float                                                                      1.30
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              9.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             9.17
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           9.99
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.33
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.33
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.33
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.33
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.53



Financial Strength
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          27.75
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          87.20
%, TTM
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         9
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     33
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.46
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.46
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.61
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               7.12
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  10.30
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     8.93
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            12.29
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                10.04
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  14.43
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.25
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.97
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              2,441.41
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                  216.64
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  23.92
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      21.26
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  44.20
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      37.35
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          44.71
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           30.65
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               27.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      2.50
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          2.80
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.48
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         23.92
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             21.26
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             30.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            27.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         44.20
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             37.35
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          44.71
year ago
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       12.23
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    5.81
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   7.24
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      11.23
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -36.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -86.65
EPS Change % - year over year                                            162.57
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                48.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          33.91
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.74
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               -15.79
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.45
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -62.50
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -91.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  67.72
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     177.79
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.87
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -29.57
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           9.68
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                1.82
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -7.02
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          3.96
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -20.77
Growth
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                  7.86
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                         5.30
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                             6.60
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                               6.43
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  4.12
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.27
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             1.69
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               7.41
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               9.81
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.64
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              9.95
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.98
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              12.35
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              17.76
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      5.65
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             6.76
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 2.50
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.57
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              7.50
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     6.25
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           7.61
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 37.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 33.85
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             33.91
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        39.57
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.57
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         2.59
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           3.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -5.09
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.15
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.25
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.08
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              3.50
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -5.21
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.97
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                      .02
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       5.68
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 3.81
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.93
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             2.81
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          6.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            34.11
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           39.54
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             36.90
Float                                                                      1.30
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              9.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             9.17
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           9.99
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.33
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.33
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.33
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.33
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.53



Growth Rates
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          27.75
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          87.20
%, TTM
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         9
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     33
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.46
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.46
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.61
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               7.12
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  10.30
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     8.93
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            12.29
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                10.04
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  14.43
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.25
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.97
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              2,441.41
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                  216.64
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  23.92
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      21.26
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  44.20
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      37.35
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          44.71
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           30.65
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               27.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      2.50
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          2.80
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.48
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         23.92
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             21.26
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             30.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            27.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         44.20
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             37.35
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          44.71
year ago
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       12.23
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    5.81
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   7.24
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      11.23
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -36.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -86.65
EPS Change % - year over year                                            162.57
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                48.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          33.91
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.74
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               -15.79
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.45
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -62.50
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -91.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  67.72
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     177.79
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.87
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -29.57
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           9.68
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                1.82
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -7.02
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          3.96
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -20.77
Growth
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                  7.86
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                         5.30
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                             6.60
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                               6.43
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  4.12
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.27
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             1.69
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               7.41
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               9.81
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.64
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              9.95
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.98
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              12.35
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              17.76
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      5.65
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             6.76
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 2.50
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.57
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              7.50
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     6.25
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           7.61
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 37.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 33.85
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             33.91
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        39.57
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.57
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         2.59
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           3.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -5.09
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.15
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.25
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.08
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              3.50
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -5.21
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.97
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                      .02
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       5.68
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 3.81
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.93
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             2.81
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          6.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            34.11
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           39.54
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             36.90
Float                                                                      1.30
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              9.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             9.17
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           9.99
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.33
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.33
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.33
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.33
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.53



Income Statement
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          27.75
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          87.20
%, TTM
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         9
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     33
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.46
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.46
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.61
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               7.12
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  10.30
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     8.93
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            12.29
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                10.04
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  14.43
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.25
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.97
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              2,441.41
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                  216.64
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  23.92
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      21.26
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  44.20
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      37.35
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          44.71
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           30.65
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               27.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      2.50
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          2.80
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.48
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         23.92
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             21.26
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             30.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            27.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         44.20
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             37.35
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          44.71
year ago
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       12.23
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    5.81
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   7.24
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      11.23
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -36.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -86.65
EPS Change % - year over year                                            162.57
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                48.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          33.91
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.74
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               -15.79
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.45
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -62.50
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -91.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  67.72
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     177.79
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.87
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -29.57
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           9.68
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                1.82
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -7.02
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          3.96
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -20.77
Growth
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                  7.86
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                         5.30
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                             6.60
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                               6.43
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  4.12
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.27
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             1.69
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               7.41
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               9.81
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.64
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              9.95
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.98
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              12.35
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              17.76
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      5.65
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             6.76
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 2.50
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.57
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              7.50
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     6.25
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           7.61
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 37.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 33.85
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             33.91
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        39.57
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.57
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         2.59
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           3.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -5.09
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.15
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.25
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.08
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              3.50
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -5.21
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.97
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                      .02
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       5.68
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 3.81
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.93
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             2.81
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          6.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            34.11
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           39.54
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             36.90
Float                                                                      1.30
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              9.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             9.17
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           9.99
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.33
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.33
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.33
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.33
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.53



Management Effectiveness
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          27.75
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          87.20
%, TTM
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         9
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     33
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.46
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.46
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.61
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               7.12
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  10.30
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     8.93
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            12.29
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                10.04
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  14.43
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.25
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.97
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              2,441.41
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                  216.64
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  23.92
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      21.26
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  44.20
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      37.35
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          44.71
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           30.65
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               27.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      2.50
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          2.80
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.48
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         23.92
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             21.26
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             30.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            27.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         44.20
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             37.35
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          44.71
year ago
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       12.23
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    5.81
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   7.24
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      11.23
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -36.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -86.65
EPS Change % - year over year                                            162.57
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                48.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          33.91
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.74
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               -15.79
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.45
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -62.50
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -91.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  67.72
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     177.79
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.87
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -29.57
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           9.68
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                1.82
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -7.02
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          3.96
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -20.77
Growth
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                  7.86
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                         5.30
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                             6.60
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                               6.43
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  4.12
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.27
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             1.69
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               7.41
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               9.81
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.64
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              9.95
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.98
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              12.35
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              17.76
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      5.65
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             6.76
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 2.50
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.57
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              7.50
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     6.25
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           7.61
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 37.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 33.85
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             33.91
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        39.57
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.57
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         2.59
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           3.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -5.09
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.15
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.25
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.08
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              3.50
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -5.21
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.97
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                      .02
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       5.68
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 3.81
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.93
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             2.81
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          6.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            34.11
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           39.54
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             36.90
Float                                                                      1.30
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              9.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             9.17
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           9.99
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.33
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.33
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.33
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.33
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.53



Per Share Ratios
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          27.75
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          87.20
%, TTM
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         9
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     33
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.46
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.46
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.61
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               7.12
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  10.30
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     8.93
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            12.29
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                10.04
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  14.43
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.25
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.97
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              2,441.41
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                  216.64
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  23.92
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      21.26
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  44.20
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      37.35
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          44.71
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           30.65
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               27.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      2.50
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          2.80
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.48
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         23.92
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             21.26
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             30.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            27.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         44.20
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             37.35
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          44.71
year ago
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       12.23
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    5.81
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   7.24
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      11.23
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -36.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -86.65
EPS Change % - year over year                                            162.57
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                48.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          33.91
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.74
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               -15.79
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.45
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -62.50
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -91.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  67.72
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     177.79
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.87
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -29.57
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           9.68
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                1.82
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -7.02
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          3.96
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -20.77
Growth
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                  7.86
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                         5.30
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                             6.60
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                               6.43
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  4.12
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.27
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             1.69
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               7.41
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               9.81
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.64
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              9.95
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.98
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              12.35
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              17.76
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      5.65
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             6.76
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 2.50
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.57
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              7.50
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     6.25
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           7.61
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 37.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 33.85
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             33.91
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        39.57
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.57
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         2.59
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           3.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -5.09
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.15
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.25
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.08
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              3.50
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -5.21
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.97
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                      .02
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       5.68
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 3.81
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.93
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             2.81
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          6.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            34.11
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           39.54
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             36.90
Float                                                                      1.30
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              9.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             9.17
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           9.99
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.33
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.33
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.33
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.33
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.53



Price Related
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          27.75
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          87.20
%, TTM
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         9
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     33
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.46
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.46
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.61
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               7.12
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  10.30
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     8.93
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            12.29
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                10.04
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  14.43
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.25
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.97
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              2,441.41
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                  216.64
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  23.92
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      21.26
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  44.20
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      37.35
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          44.71
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           30.65
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               27.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      2.50
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          2.80
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.48
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         23.92
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             21.26
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             30.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            27.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         44.20
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             37.35
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          44.71
year ago
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       12.23
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    5.81
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   7.24
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      11.23
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -36.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -86.65
EPS Change % - year over year                                            162.57
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                48.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          33.91
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.74
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               -15.79
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.45
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -62.50
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -91.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  67.72
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     177.79
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.87
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -29.57
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           9.68
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                1.82
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -7.02
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          3.96
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -20.77
Growth
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                  7.86
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                         5.30
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                             6.60
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                               6.43
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  4.12
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.27
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             1.69
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               7.41
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               9.81
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.64
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              9.95
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.98
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              12.35
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              17.76
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      5.65
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             6.76
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 2.50
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.57
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              7.50
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     6.25
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           7.61
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 37.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 33.85
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             33.91
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        39.57
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.57
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         2.59
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           3.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -5.09
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.15
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.25
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.08
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              3.50
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -5.21
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.97
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                      .02
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       5.68
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 3.81
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.93
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             2.81
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          6.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            34.11
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           39.54
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             36.90
Float                                                                      1.30
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              9.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             9.17
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           9.99
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.33
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.33
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.33
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.33
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.53



Profitability Ratios
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          27.75
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          87.20
%, TTM
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         9
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     33
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.46
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.46
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.61
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               7.12
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  10.30
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     8.93
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            12.29
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                10.04
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  14.43
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.25
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.97
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              2,441.41
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                  216.64
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  23.92
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      21.26
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  44.20
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      37.35
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          44.71
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           30.65
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               27.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      2.50
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          2.80
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.48
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         23.92
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             21.26
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             30.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            27.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         44.20
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             37.35
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          44.71
year ago
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       12.23
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    5.81
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   7.24
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      11.23
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -36.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -86.65
EPS Change % - year over year                                            162.57
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                48.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          33.91
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.74
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               -15.79
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.45
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -62.50
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -91.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  67.72
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     177.79
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.87
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -29.57
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           9.68
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                1.82
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -7.02
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          3.96
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -20.77
Growth
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                  7.86
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                         5.30
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                             6.60
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                               6.43
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  4.12
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.27
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             1.69
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               7.41
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               9.81
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.64
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              9.95
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.98
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              12.35
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              17.76
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      5.65
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             6.76
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 2.50
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.57
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              7.50
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     6.25
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           7.61
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 37.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 33.85
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             33.91
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        39.57
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.57
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         2.59
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           3.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -5.09
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.15
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.25
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.08
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              3.50
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -5.21
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.97
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                      .02
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       5.68
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 3.81
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.93
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             2.81
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          6.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            34.11
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           39.54
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             36.90
Float                                                                      1.30
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              9.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             9.17
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           9.99
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.33
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.33
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.33
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.33
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.53



Share Related Items
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          27.75
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          87.20
%, TTM
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         9
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     33
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.46
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.46
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.61
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               7.12
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  10.30
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     8.93
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            12.29
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                10.04
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  14.43
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.25
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.97
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              2,441.41
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                  216.64
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  23.92
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      21.26
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  44.20
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      37.35
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          44.71
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           30.65
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               27.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      2.50
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          2.80
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.48
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         23.92
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             21.26
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             30.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            27.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         44.20
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             37.35
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          44.71
year ago
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       12.23
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    5.81
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   7.24
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      11.23
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -36.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -86.65
EPS Change % - year over year                                            162.57
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                48.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          33.91
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.74
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               -15.79
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.45
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -62.50
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -91.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  67.72
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     177.79
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.87
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -29.57
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           9.68
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                1.82
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -7.02
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          3.96
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -20.77
Growth
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                  7.86
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                         5.30
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                             6.60
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                               6.43
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  4.12
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.27
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             1.69
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               7.41
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               9.81
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.64
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              9.95
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.98
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              12.35
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              17.76
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      5.65
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             6.76
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 2.50
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.57
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              7.50
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     6.25
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           7.61
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 37.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 33.85
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             33.91
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        39.57
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.57
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         2.59
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           3.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -5.09
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.15
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.25
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.08
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              3.50
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -5.21
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.97
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                      .02
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       5.68
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 3.81
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.93
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             2.81
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          6.49
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            34.11
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           39.54
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             36.90
Float                                                                      1.30
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              9.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             9.17
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           9.99
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.33
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.33
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.33
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.33
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.33
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.33
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            20.53

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: NASDAQ
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 6,331,790
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 30
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Arthur Andersen LLP

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017

                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              July 16, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Fiddle away

SECTION: GUSTO; Pg. G28

LENGTH: 162 words


She has been called, by no less an esteemed publication than the New York Times,
the "Jimi Hendrix of the violin." High Praise indeed, but much deserved for
Eileen Ivers, the Brooklyn-born fiddle player who wows audiences with her
prowess whether she's playing with a symphony orchestra or a rock band, or
performing for a president.

Ivers, whose parents were from Ireland, was only 8 when she started playing
fiddle, going on to win all sorts of championships and medals. Her many distinct
accomplishments include touring with the Hall and Oates Band; co-founding the
Irish-American Celtic group Cherish the Ladies; performing with Riverdance and
more than 40 orchestras from the Boston Pops to the London Symphony; and
recording more than 80 albums.

On Saturday, Ivers is headlining Buffalo Place Rocks the Harbor, along with a
band close to her heart -- Cherish the Ladies. Tickets are $20 at the gate. The
show starts at 5 p.m. For info: www.buffaloplace.com.

-- Toni Ruberto

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Eileen Ivers

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald-Palladium, St. Joseph, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 28, 2010 Thursday

Steppin' out: Verch brings passion for dance, fiddle playing to Benton Harbor

BYLINE: Jeremy D. Bonfiglio, The Herald-Palladium, St. Joseph, Mich.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 1113 words


Jan. 28--BENTON HARBOR -- April Verch's passion for both dance and music are so
intertwined that the 31-year-old tunesmith never thought about separating the
two.

"I just always figured they were two things that I loved that I could do
together," Verch says by telephone from her home in Pembroke, Ontario. "'Which
one am I going to do?' was never something I had to consciously decide because
it was always my hope that I could lead a band so I'd be able to incorporate
them both."

Fronting the roots-based trio, the April Verch Band, has allowed her to do just
that. Verch, who started dancing at age 3 and playing the fiddle at age 6, will
incorporate everything from old-timey to bluegrass to the stepdancing traditions
of Canada's Ottawa Valley when she performs Sunday at The Livery in Benton
Harbor. But just hours before she takes The Livery stage, Verch also will hold a
two-hour stepdancing workshop at The Citadel Dance & Music Center.

"The dancing is something that sticks out because it looks pretty different from
anything most people have seen before," Verch says. "So just having a chance to
share that with people -- especially dancers -- and offering them a new style to
incorporate into what they do is always really fun."

Verch's dancing and fiddle playing are both strongly rooted in the musical
traditions of Canada's Ottawa Valley, where she and her family have lived for
generations.

The region stretches from Ottawa, westward along the shores of the Ottawa River,
to the northern tip of Algonquin Park. Immigrants from France, Scotland,
Ireland, Poland and Germany, who were drawn to the region's logging camps,
brought with them a passion for fiddle music.

Those without an instrument would often use their feet to accompany the music,
and the form of dance, now known as Ottawa Valley stepdancing, developed. Fiddle
music and stepdancing continue to be prevalent throughout the valley and still
inform Verch's style today.

"My parents were fans of that whole scene," Verch says. "We were always dancing
to fiddle music, and I just fell in love with the instrument and the energy of
the music."

By age of 10, Verch, who had already decided to make music her life's work, was
touring Canada and winning fiddle contests.

"There weren't a lot of kids in my school that played fiddle or danced, and
every weekend during the summer we'd go to a contest and I'd get to hang out
with other kids who loved to do what I did," Verch says.

"There was a huge social aspect to it that was very encouraging."

By the time she finished high school, Verch had recorded her first two
self-released albums, 1992's "Springtime" and 1995's "Fiddle Talk." While
attending the annual Mark O'Connor Fiddle Camp in Nashville, Verch met Matt
Glaser, the chair of the string department at Boston's Berklee College of Music,
who convinced her to come study at the school.

"I realized that it was somewhere I'd be able to go and study and that I'd be
able to play whatever I wanted to play," Verch says. "They weren't going to make
me play jazz or classical, but they would help me figure out my own style and
that's really what drew me to the program."

During her time at Berklee, Verch says, the exposure to other musical styles
became infectious.

"What I really realized at that time was how sheltered I had been musically,"
Verch says. "I had traveled Canada and a little bit in the States, and I knew
about different styles of fiddle music, but I hadn't heard a lot of world music
or jazz. It just really opened up a world of possibilities for me in music."

Verch left Berklee after a year, capping her fiddle contest career with the
titles of Canadian Grand Masters Fiddle Champion and Canadian Open Fiddle
Champion, and in 2000 signed with Rounder Records. After releasing 2001's
"Verchuosity," the label asked Verch if she had considered singing as well.

"I said, 'No I don't really,'" Verch says, laughing. "They told me it would open
up some doors, and it might be something worrth exploring. That's what led me to
do it."

Her next album, 2003's "Where I Stand," produced by old-time music favorite
Bruce Molsky, included Verch's vocals on the Carter Family favorite, "I'll Be
All Smiles Tonight." Roots music master Dirk Powell produced the next album,
"Take Me Back" (2006), with a new emphasis on songs and arrangements with
broader and roots-leaning appeal.

"I felt really vulnerable at first," Verch says. "I'd been doing everything else
for so long, and voice is just so out there. You can't hide if you're tired or
your sick. It took awhile, but I do enjoy doing it and audiences seem to like it
so I've kept at it."

Verch's latest recording, 2008's "Steal the Blue" (Slab Town Records), is the
first album that showcases her vocals. Co-produced by Stephen Mougin of the Sam
Bush Band and Jon Weisberger, "Steal The Blue" features Verch's touring band --
Clay Ross on guitar and Cody Walters on upright-electric bass and banjo --
alongside guest songwriters, vocalists and instrumentalists such as Tim
Stafford, Larry Cordle, Ron Block, Melonie Cannon, and Travis Book.

The record is Verch's most eclectic to date, featuring elements of bluegrass,
jazz and melodic old-timey music.

The album includes "My Friend Craig," a rollicking modern fiddle tune, Hayes
Carll's "Long Way Home," dressed up with harmony and a bluegrass influence, an
old-timey medley "Fork Creek River," which includes her own arrangement of a
John Hartford tune, and a Ron Block-penned gospel number, "He's Holding On To
Me."

"I think I'll always be a fiddler first, but singing has been a really good
outlet," Verch says, "and I love lyrics, so adding songs to a repertoire of all
tunes has been really neat to me."

In addition to the songs on "Steal The Blue," Verch and her band will road test
some new material at The Livery show that includes medleys of old-time tunes
from Virginia, a couple bluegrass standards, and some as-yet-untitled originals
penned by Verch and Ross. She also hopes to convince some of the dancers from
her two-hour workshop to join her on stage and show off some of that Ottawa
Valley stepdancing.

"It's kind of an added bonus," Verch says. "I really love what I do, and I feel
really fortunate to be able to share it with people."

jbonfiglio@TheH-P.com

To see more of The Herald-Palladium, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldpalladium.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Herald-Palladium, St.
Joseph, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100128-ZJ-Steppin-out-0128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZJ


                                 Copyright 2010

                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             July 15, 2014 Tuesday

String-based folk music festival launches in North Egremont

BYLINE: By Kate Abbott, Berkshire Eagle

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 704 words


NORTH EGREMONT -- They play with easy confidence, handing the lead back and
forth, flipping from one tune to another with a nod, telling jokes through the
music and letting it build.

Fiddle and cello blend in an original song in the voice of a woman sailing from
Poland to Chicago at the turn of the century.

The mandolin player sings countermelody over a driving tune that has the room
clapping the beat.

A fiddler keeps time with his feet to a Canadian reel, guitar rollicking with
him.

This is the feeling of Maine Fiddle Camp in Montville, Maine, or the Ashokan
Festival over the border in New York. And this week it has come to the
Berkshires. This week, in Egremont, string teacher Erika Ludwig is planting the
seeds of a new music festival and transplanting them from Downeast.

Five young musicians have traveled to South County to teach a week of music camp
for children and to lead a series of jams and workshops for adults in the
evening. The children's camp has filled up, Ludwig said, but all are welcome at
the adult workshops and at a contra dance tonight, Thursday, July 17, at Dewey
Hall in Sheffield.

She wants to give people the confidence to relax into music together.

Ludwig has taught violin and viola since 1994, and she has taught them at the
Rudolph Steiner School in Great Barrington since 1998. As a Waldorf teacher, she
often starts beginner students with tunes they have learned to sing in their
singing classes, she said -- so in the beginning, they learn by ear. They hold
onto the energy of learning to make a sound, she said.

For many years, she moved the older children on to note reading and classical
music.

But two years ago, her first adult music student -- with her daughter,
son-in-law and grandchildren -- took Ludwig to Maine Fiddle Camp.

Ludwig spent a week learning music by ear from instructors who never used sheet
music. She sat under the pine trees with small groups of musicians, taking in
music phrase by phrase. In the afternoons, people formed spontaneous jam
sessions wherever one person sat down to play a tune and someone else joined in.

"I hadn't learned music by ear since I was a child," Ludwig said, "and I was
envious of the kids and adults who had these tunes as their friends. I wanted a
friend I could play any time."

That experience has changed the way she teaches her older students, she said.
She studied mandolin with Jeff Lewis at the camp, and she met Mia and Ariel
Friedman -- sisters, musicians and teachers, Mia on fiddle and Ari on cello.

All three have come to teach music in the Berkshires, along with Aldo Lavaggi, a
composer, performer and fiddle instructor from the Hudson Valley, who has
started a regular contra dance in Chatham, N.Y., and Jordan Tice on guitar, a
flatpicker and composer from New York.

"I brought them here to inspire and ramp up the local fiddle community," Ludwig
said.

Lavaggi has performed internationally and studied with Jay Ungar, the upstate
New York fiddler who, with his wife, Molly Mason, founded the Ashokan Folk
Festival.

Tice has performed across the country and played the music of Steve Martin
commissioned for Shakespeare in the Park in New York. Ari and Mia tour together
and on their own -- Ari performs with the group Childsplay, and Mia performs
solo and composes folk music from her new home base in the Pioneer Valley. Lewis
performs with his band, the Sun Parade, in Northampton.

They are looking forward to working with new students and spending time with
each other, Ari said. And they are looking forward to coming back here again.

"I'm looking forward to the first time of something that grows more and more
each year with the family flavor of Fiddle Camp," Lavaggi said.

The Maine camp too started with a musician and fiddle teacher, Greg Boardman,
and his friends and longtime fellow band members wanting a place for a younger
generation of musicians to play together. Some of the first generation of
campers now teach there. And it continues to expand rapidly, Lewis said.

So Berkshire Summer Strings may put down deep roots.

"It's exciting to be part of the first new group here," Mia said.

"We're making something new together," Tice agreed.

Lewis built on their enthusiasm, taking off.

"We're the astronauts," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday

Run Boy Run concert to benefit Circles of Hope

BYLINE: The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 244 words


July 30--To benefit Circles of Hope Reno County, Run Boy Run, a five-member
band, will put on their second concert of Americana and bluegrass music. The
band is hailed for its harmonies and acoustic instrumentation. The concert will
be held at 7 p.m. Saturday at Trinity United Methodist Church, 1602 N. Main,
Hutchinson.

Defying easy labeling, Run Boy Run blends streams of Americana, bluegrass,
gospel and jazz into their compositions. Their sound features three-part female
harmony and masterful fiddle work. Run Boy Run includes two-time Arizona State
Fiddle Champion Matt Rolland, Bekah Sandoval Rolland (fiddle), Grace Rolland
(cello), Jen Sandoval (mandolin) and Jesse Allen (bass).

The band's Hutchinson stop is part of their second national tour, including two
other appearances in Kansas. Their second full-length CD, Something to Someone,
will be released in September. The Aug. 2 concert will include original tunes
from this new album.

Run Boy Run will donate half of the proceeds for the concert to the nonprofit
Circles of Hope, an initiative that empowers Reno County families in poverty to
find paths to self-sufficiency. Tickets are sold online at
http://runboyrunhutch.brownpapertickets.com/ for $8 and will also be available
at the door. Snacks and beverages will also be sold at the concert.

___ (c)2014 The Hutchinson News (Hutchinson, Kan.) Visit The Hutchinson News
(Hutchinson, Kan.) at www.hutchnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140730-VZ-Run-Boy-Run-concert-to-benefit-Circles-of-Hope-0730-20140730

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2014 The Hutchinson News

                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Sunday Life

                                August 24, 2008
                                  Main Edition

Star-studded line-up for Letterkenny

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 817 words


COUNTRY music fans are in for a real feast at the event from November 14-16.

The top line-up includes:

Charlie Landsborough - The international music star has sold more than a million
records and his songs have been covered by artists such as Jack Jones, Pat
Boone, Foster & Allen and Daniel O'Donnell. Charlie Landsborough in concert with
his five-piece band is sometimes folk, sometimes Country, sometimes rock'n'roll,
sometimes gospel. His songs and witty repartee are known for being full of
compassion and understanding of the journey of everyday life.

Jimmy Buckley - 2008 has been a hectic year for Jimmy who has completed three
major tours with Charlie Pride in Ireland, the United States and Canada. After
the amazing success of his debut DVD Live in Concert, Jimmy is recording another
DVD featuring location shoots and live shows at both dances and concerts.

Hugo Duncan - For more than 35 years Strabane man Hugo has remained one of the
top attractions on the Irish entertainment scene having launched his career with
his big hit Dear God in the early 1970s. Hugo and his band are not only a
leading attraction on the dancing circuit but are very much in demand for
concerts and cabaret shows. They tour extensively in England and Scotland and
for the past three years have been making regular safaris to the Continent where
Hugo's brand of music, song and craic has proved a winner.

Philomena Begley - The Queen of Country Music, from Pomeroy, first stepped on a
stage when she was just 15 and has been wowing audiences ever since. She plays
in Nashville every year and has sung at both the Grand Ole Opry and Carnegie
Hall. Her biggest hit, Blanket on the Ground in 1975, was an overnight success
and was five weeks in the charts where it reached number 5.

Fiddler Adam - As the name suggests Adam plays the fiddle, but he plays a mean
fiddle - one of the top players in Ireland and the UK. He plays varying styles
of music from bluegrass, Cajun and Country fiddle to Irish traditional fiddle.
What sets Fiddler Adam apart is that he also has an outstanding voice and enjoys
singing many genres of music from Country, Irish, folk, rock and jazz.

Louise Morrissey - One of Ireland's best-loved singers and entertainers, Louise
has also brought her easy style of Country and folk to many other countries
including America, Canada, Europe and the Middle East. She has toured with
Charlie Pride, Foster and Allen and Dominic Kirwin.

The Fureys and Davey Arthur - Responsible for some of the most stirring music
ever to capture the public imagination, The Fureys' folk-based music has
received standing ovations in some of the biggest concert halls of the world.
They celebrated their 30th anniversary this year with the release of a live
DVD/CD which was recorded in Vicar Street in Dublin. The band has had a string
of hits including When You Were Sweet Sixteen, The Green Fields of France and
Red Rose Cafe and have performed for world leaders including former Australian
prime minister John Howard, Irish president Mary McAleese and Pope John Paul II.

John McNicholl - The Derry singer has a huge fanbase and has been taking the
Country music scene by storm with a string of top awards and best-selling
singles and albums. He recently picked up the award for Best New DVD at the
Irish World Awards in London for his single Your Are No Angel and has also been
the recipient of the Best Newcomer Award at the same prestigious event. His
latest single, Hopelessly Yours, is also proving a big hit.

Hill Billy Willy - A great comedy character, created by William Caulfield
initially for a Hugo Duncan Show and now a busy act in his own right. Hill Billy
Willie has to be seen to be believed, with his Country wit and jokes and a
singing voice to match. William Caulfied is perhaps best known to Northern
Ireland audiences for his one-man theatre show Our Jimmy - a tribute to James
Young and has emerged as one of the funniest comedians in Ireland today.

Larry Cunningham - The legendary Larry Cunningham has been a major star on the
Irish music scene for many years. His career dates back to the showband days of
the 1960s when he was lead singer with the Mighty Avons showband who had a
string of hit records, starting off with his Tribute to Jim Reeves which was the
first Irish record to enter the British Top 20 music charts. He then released
Lovely Leitrim, which set another milestone by becoming the first Irish ballad
to reach No 1 in the Irish Top 10.

Frankie McBride - Perhaps best-known for his hit single Five Little Fingers
which was an instant hit and catapulted him into the top of the Irish charts and
the UK Top 20 for a record breaking 20 weeks in 1967. To this day, it remains a
firm favourite and one of his most-requested songs. Frankie has had a succession
of hit singles and albums and he has an uncanny knack for picking the right
material and providing the definitive interpretation.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SL


                  Copyright 2008 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           January 12, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Looking at some must-listen CDs;

BYLINE: Jeff Mahoney, The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: GO@HOME; Pg. GH21

LENGTH: 556 words


ALISON KRAUSS

Alison Krauss is one of America's most highly regarded bluegrass and roots
singers and fiddle players. Growing up in Illinois, she took up the violin at
five and was soon excelling at it. She gravitated from classical to bluegrass
and started winning fiddle contests including the Texas Fiddle Championship when
she was 12. She made her solo recording debut in 1987 at the age of 16. Soon
after, she joined the band Union Station that soon became Alison Krauss and
Union Station. She still plays and records with them, alternating with solo
projects. She and the band have won many Grammys and were featured on the 2000
soundtrack to the hit movie O Brother, Where Art Thou?

Selected discography

* Raising Sand, with Robert Plant (2007)

* Lonely Runs Both Ways (2004)

* Forget About It (1999)

* So Long, So Wrong (1997)

* Every Time You Say Goodbye (1992)

* I've Got That Old Feeling (1990)

* Two Highways (1989)

* Too Late To Cry (1987)

Alison Krauss and Robert Plant

RAISING SAND

ROUNDER RECORDS

This made many best-of-2007 lists, even the top of some. It's an interesting
collaboration, with Krauss pulling Plant up by his, or rather her, roots. It's a
self-willed extirpation on the part of Plant, who is comfortably liberated in
his singing, downbeat and modest, no trace of the rock god. While duets have
become cringe-inducing -- let's bring our markets together and see if they get
along, like The Brady Bunch, cha-ching! -- Plant and Krauss groom each other's
vocal lines agreeably. It's mostly roots-based covers of songs ancient and
downtrodden. Producer T-Bone Burnett wrings fresh sounds out, but they're still
covers. Overall a strong set.

Jonny Greenwood

There Will Be Blood (Original Sound Track)

NONESUCH

Greenwood, guitarist for Radiohead, has been sidelining as a film composer for
more than a decade. This is his first big feature film project and the music he
has produced for it, much of it string-based, is effective. He uses a palette of
musical techniques, from atonal surprise, especially on the strings, to brooding
drones. Mostly he builds a cumulatively menace-pregnant atmosphere of sound that
makes you want to see the movie.

Imitation is the highest form of flattery unless it's ironic, and then it's
hurtful or funny. The difficulty with irony is that once you start using it,
you're locked in. If you try to turn if off, people assume you're adding a
more-deadpan veil. Wainwright, an artist given to irony, seems to be in a total
worship jag laid at an idol's altar. But it is such an odd and off-putting
concept -- Wainwright recreates, song for song, Garland's famous 1961 Carnegie
Hall concert -- that one has to ask why. Wainwright has a good voice for his own
material but not one for hers.

DEJA HEARD Judy Garland Judy at Carnegie Hall Capitol

It was the top-selling album of 1961, won five Grammys and is the recorded sound
of what critics call one of the greatest nights of show business. This
performance finds the legendary Garland at the height of her vocal and
interpretive powers and coming off a major health crisis. Her voice is not to
everyone's taste, but fan or not, it would be hard to deny the palpable energy
and personality that come off here in peals of lyric and phrase and inspired
note-craft. All the major songs are here: Chicago, Swanee, The Trolley Song,
Over The Rainbow. A must.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Hamilton Spectator File Photo , Alison Krauss; Photo: Robert
Plant , Alison Krauss; Photo: Johnny Greenwood; Photo: Rufus Wainwright; Photo:
Judy Garland

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  Pound Fiddle

                                 P.O. Box 4486
                            East Lansing,  MI 48826
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.tenpoundfiddle.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Ten Pound Fiddle makes every effort to ensure that the information
presented is correct and accurate. However, if inaccuracies occur, the Ten Pound
Fiddle will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any
web site inaccuracies or for questions about The Ten Pound Fiddle''s Internet
Privacy Policy please email us at info@tenpoundfiddle.org.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            March 19, 2011 Saturday

Competitors young and old flock to Oroville for stringed championship

BYLINE: By ROBIN EPLEY-Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 497 words


OROVILLE   If it sounds like Oroville took a step back in time, it's probably
just the sounds of the annual California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking
Association Championships wafting downtown from the Municipal Auditorium.

Fiddlers of every age gathered together Friday and Saturday to compete in fiddle
, picking and accompanist competitions for grand prizes of $100-$150 and
bragging rights for the year. The fiddlers' ages range from the very young to
the very old, or as competition co-chair Ben Clark put it, "anywhere from if
they're big enough to hold a fiddle to if they're too old to hold a fiddle."

There are eight divisions in a fiddle and picking contest, with the Pee Wees
starting at eight years old and younger and ending with the Senior-Senior
competition of 70 years and older. But no matter their age, fiddlers are
expected to play three tunes in a four-minute period: A hoe-down, played in 2/4
time; a waltz, in 3/4 time; and a tune of choice that can be neither a hoe-down
or a waltz. They are judged equally on the three pieces rhythm, difficulty,
clarity of tone and old-time style.

"Our goal is to perpetuate and promote," Clark said of the CSOTFA. "Old-time
fiddling as we know it is a spin-off of old Irish, Scottish and English tunes."

Clark said because the fiddle was easy to carry across the prairies of the
unsettled west, it was one of few entertainment options a pioneer family had.
"It came over to this country and was passed on by ear from one musician to
another," he said. "It's evolved into almost a true American music." Fiddle
music changes by the area it evolves in, too, he said. Appalachian fiddling is
different from Western fiddling and both are succinctly different from original
English, Irish and Scottish airs they derived from.

The event is free to the public every year, and Clark encourages the public to
attend. "They can get a good idea of what old-time fiddling music is about," he
said. "The music is historic."

Patricia Johnson, 9, who also answers to "Jellybean," has been fiddling for two
years and competed in the Junior-Junior division on Saturday. Her mother, Linda
Johnson, of Cottonwood, said Patricia chose to play fiddle on her own, but that
she and her husband encouraged it.

"Music connecting the right brain and the left brain is important for a child's
development and the reason we've helped encourage her with the fiddle is a way
of connecting her with history," Johnson said. "This is also a way to be
together and connect as a family."

Patricia said she can sometimes get a little nervous before performing, but when
the curtain opens, she said, "I make it stop and we just play." Sometimes she
taps her foot to the music both to keep beat and because she can't help but move
along to it, she said.

It's true what they say about fiddling, Johnson said with a smile before her
daughter went onstage, "The violin sings, but the fiddle dances."

Staff writer Robin Epley can be reached at 896-7761 or repley@chicoer.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Eight-year-old Patricia Garrett plays her fiddle at the 45th annual
California State Old Time Open Fiddle and Picking Championships at Oroville
Municipal Auditorium on Saturday.(Jason Halley/ Staff Photo) All Chico E-R
photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                             August 22, 2008 Friday

From England, old-time mountain music

BYLINE: By HEATHER FAULHEFER Evening Sun Reporter

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 488 words


Gina Richardson played hot licks on her fiddle, tearing up the workshop stage
during Thursday's Fan Jam.

Her duo partner, Gerry Williams, then began to sing and pick his guitar.

The duo, called Cut the Shuffle, sings songs like "Bravest Cowboy" and "Booth
Shot Lincoln," and describes their sound as old-time mountain music.

But when they speak, it quickly becomes evident that these two aren't mountain
folk.

Hailing from East Sussex, England, the duo has been bringing American bluegrass
music to their country for decades.

They came to the Gettysburg Bluegrass Festival in 2001 while touring the United
States with their other band, the Deep River Band, and returned in 2006.

"The audiences here are so fun - whooping and cheering and hollering," Gina said
with a smile.

In England, "the bluegrass scene is small and it's in patches," Gerry said.

Celtic music is more popular than bluegrass in their country, which Gina said is
similar to the relationship in America between bluegrass and country music.

"(Bluegrass) is quite a small scene in America compared to the country scene,"
she said.

Luckily, Gerry added, more young people are taking an interest in bluegrass.

"There are a few youngsters getting into the business," he said.

Gerry also developed a love for bluegrass and country music at an early age.

His mother came to England from Portland, Maine, and instilled her passion for
country music in Gerry, and her admiration for Hank Williams in particular.

Gerry lived three miles away from an Army camp after World War II.

"There were many Americans coming through in Jeeps and playing country music,"
he said.

He started playing bluegrass in 1962 and has since been hooked on "hard-drivin'
bluegrass," he said, citing the Stanley Brothers and the Blue Sky Boys as
influences.

Decades after he began to play, Gerry came across Gina when she was playing
fiddle in an English club. When he heard her perform, he knew she was a perfect
fit for the Deep River Band.

"I was head-hunted," Gina proudly said.

Professionally trained, Gina has been playing the fiddle since she was 8 years
old. She began playing bluegrass in 1999, letting the fiddle playing of Benny
Sims and Curly Ray Cline influence her.

"I love it," she said of the bluegrass. "And I just keep learning."

The duo has been in America since the end of July and will return to England on
Monday.

So far, they've traveled to Virginia, West Virginia and Kentucky, performing
gigs and continuing to explore the country.

"We are having an absolute ball," Gerry said.

Before they leave, they've been stocking up on alcohol, or "ale" as Gerry calls
it, which is cheaper in America than in England, as well as instruments.

And, of course, plenty of bluegrass albums for the long journey home.

Contact Heather Faulhefer at hfaulhefer@eveningsun.com .

For more bluegrass festival coverage, visit http://www.eveningsun.com/bluegrass
or our bluegrass blog at http://blogs.eveningsun.com/bluegrass .

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gerry Williams, left, and Gina Richardson - who together form the duo,
Cut the Shuffle - have come all the way from England to participate in this
year's festival. Purchase reprints of Evening Sun Photos at
EveningSunPhotos.Com.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            March 25, 2006 Saturday
                               SatValley Edition

More than 100 fiddlers expected at contest;

BYLINE: Steve Christilaw

SECTION: V; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 481 words


There will be a lot of fiddlin' around, but not much wasted time when the 38th
Northwest Regional Fiddle Contest convenes next Saturday and April 2 at East
Valley High School.

The annual event brings together old-time fiddlers from throughout the Pacific
Northwest and Canada for a two-day contest that will feature musicians as young
as 4 years old all the way to retirement age and beyond.

"We're expecting about 100 fiddlers - that's what we seem to draw every year,"
coordinator Ed Miller. "We get most of our competitors in the small fry (under 9
years), junior junior (under 13) and junior (under 18) divisions.

"That's really where a lot of our emphasis is. We want to encourage young kids
to get involved."

The competition also features young adults (18 to 35), adult (37-59), senior (60
and older) as well as a championship division.

"It's difficult to explain what the difference is between the championship
division and the others," Miller said. "But you sure know it when you hear it.

"I was at another fiddle contest, and one of the men from the championship
division couldn't compete because of time reasons and had to compete in the
adult division. You could really tell the difference. He won hands down."

The small fry competitors are allowed two accompanists - all other divisions are
allowed three - and must play three pieces in four minutes. Each must play a
hoe-down, a waltz and a song of their own choosing.

Five judges listen to the music, and only the music, from an adjoining room so
that stage presence, age and gender are not factored in their decisions.
Decisions are based on timing, dance-ability, tone and difficulty.

"Most of the judges are all multitime champions in their own right," Miller
said. "We try to work one first-time judge in so that there's always someone
gaining in experience, but the rest of them are all veteran judges."

Winners are certified to enter the National Fiddle Contest in Weiser, Idaho.

But perhaps the most fun time for the entrants doesn't come at East Valley High
School.

Friday night, before the competition starts, and Saturday night, fiddlers retire
to the Godfather's Pizza parlor at Sprague and Sullivan. The musicians order
some pies and break into impromptu groups for an old-fashioned jam session.

"That's the fun part of the whole event," Miller said. "It's great to see the
way these people act with one another. They go up on stage and compete against
one another and then they go of and play together as soon as they're through."

SIDEBAR:

FAST FACTS

What: 38th Northwest Regional Fiddle Contest

Who: Old-time fiddlers from around the Pacific Northwest of all ages (check out
www.nwregionals.com for details)

When: Next Saturday and April 2 (registration opens at 7 a.m., with competition
starting at 8)

Where: East Valley High School cafeteria

Why: Because it's a genuine slice of Americana you can tap your toe to

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Steve Christilaw is a correspondent for the Voice.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SUSAN E. CUNNINGHAM;
JULY 11, 1958 - SEPT. 3, 2015;
ENGINEER WHO PLAYED BLUEGRASS AROUND WORLD

BYLINE: Scott Mervis, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: OBITUARY; Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 587 words


You don't have to be a rocket scientist to play fiddle in a bluegrass band, but
it doesn't hurt.

Sue Cunningham was accomplished at both.

The Pittsburgh native, who balanced a life between science and music, died
Thursday in Boston at 57 after a five-year battle with lung cancer.

Ms. Cunningham, a Forest Hills native, grew up studying classical violin in a
musical family, but not your ordinary musical family. In 1973, the Cunninghams
were recognized as The National Music Family of the Year, and even appeared on
the TV show "To Tell the Truth."

"Sue, who was 14 at the time, arranged the classical piece that we played. She
was the talented one of the entire family," says brother Steve Cunningham.

The siblings played in the Pittsburgh Youth Symphony Orchestra and string
quartets but became best known by straying from the classical world for the
Appalachian style of bluegrass. She became the focal point of The Flying
Cunninghams here in the early '80s, playing fiddle between brothers Steve on
bass and Tom on guitar. The bluegrass trio was a fixture at clubs such as
Thirsty's in Oakland and the Penn Cafe in Bloomfield, and it toured Europe in
1985.

All the while, she pursued her studies with vigor. A graduate of Churchill Area
High School, she earned her bachelor's degree in materials science engineering
from Cornell University, a Ph.D. in mechanical engineering from Carnegie Mellon
University and an executive MBA from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

After earning the Ph.D., she left Pittsburgh in 1989 to work for Pratt & Whitney
designing engines for the Air Force. While there, she performed with the South
Ocean String Band and White Sands Panhandle Band and was named Florida State
Fiddle Champion three times between 1991 and 1994.

She married mandolin award winner Anthony Hannigan, and in 2000 they moved to
Wellsboro, Pa., and formed progressive bluegrass band The Hickory Project, which
toured the world and also produced the music festival Hickory Fest, founded in
2002. Over the years, she performed with such acclaimed musicians as Vassar
Clements, Jim Lauderdale and the Del McCoury Band.

When the marriage went south around 2008, he got the band and she got the
festival, Mr. Cunningham said. She hooked up with Chris and Lorin Rowan to form
The Rowan Cunningham Band. The Flying Cunninghams continued to play a few times
a year, the last being in August 2014 at Hickory Fest.

Amazingly enough, her busy musical life was an aside. She specialized in jet
engines, and along with her stay at Pratt & Whitney, she worked at Westinghouse
in Pittsburgh and, most recently, Florida Turbine Technology in Jupiter, Fla.

"Music was never her career," Mr. Cunningham says. "Engineering paid the bills
and allowed her to fly around the world playing music. We called her 'the
nuclear fiddler.' "

Sue is survived by her companion, Frank Serio; her father, James P. Cunningham
of Connecticut; her stepmother and friend, Janice Thaxter; her brothers Tom of
Louisville, Ky., Brian of Gladstone, N.J., and Stephen of Sewickley; sister
Karen Cunningham of Clinton, Ohio; and six nieces and nephews.

A memorial and celebration of life will be held in Jupiter, Fla., and there will
be an additional gathering at a later date in Wellsboro. Donations can be made
in Ms. Cunningham's memory to the Dreyfoos School of the Arts Foundation, where
the Sue Cunningham Memorial Music Scholarship has been established, at
soafi.org/donate or mailed to the School of the Arts Foundation, P.O. Box 552,
West Palm Beach, FL 33402.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Scott Mervis: smervis@post-gazette.com

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Susan Cunningham

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    June 05, 1996, Wednesday, Final Edition

Prado Takes Interstate Ride

Vinnie Perrone, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 491 words

DATELINE: BALTIMORE, June 4


Jockey Edgar Prado rode two winners at Pimlico today, then made an exceptional
move in pursuit of a third: He drove 65 miles to Delaware Park.

Prado, attempting the uncommon feat of piloting winning horses in two states the
same afternoon, didn't. The horse that enticed his early exit from Pimlico
today, Ops Smile, rallied spryly but was nosed out of victory in the eighth race
at Delaware. Prado was second in the follow-up as well, although One Tuff Oop
couldn't get within cozy distance of the winner.

At the end of the day, Prado's interstate scorecard read: Five mounts, two wins
and three second-place finishes.

Having clinched the riding title this spring meet at Pimlico, which ends Sunday,
Prado gave up most of the Maryland card to get another taste of Ops Smile. He'd
ridden the Bill Boniface-trained colt in a four-length defeat to exceptional
grass horses in the recent Early Times Dixie Handicap, and regretted that Ops
Smile had his stretch run cluttered by other horses that day.

"I think he's a nice horse, one of the best turf horses in Maryland," Prado said
before leaving town. "I think it's worth a chance to go, and get a feeling how
he's going to be for the next time."

If Prado wanted to see what the Maryland-bred could do in the open field, he got
his wish. On Delaware's turf course, Ops Smile advanced from mid-pack on the far
turn just as Bull Fiddle was beginning his rally. The two charged past the
front-runners, but the outside-running Ops Smile couldn't quite overtake Bull
Fiddle, who won the $ 27,600 allowance race by a long nose.

Bayard Sharp's Bull Fiddle managed his first victory this year for trainer Mike
Cotero, who has taken over for the ailing Charlie Peoples.

The Belmont News

Trainer Sonny Hine said that jockey Jose Santos will replace the injured Shane
Sellers aboard Skip Away in the Belmont Stakes Saturday.

Sellers underwent surgery Sunday after he fractured his right wrist in a spill
at Churchill Downs. He'll be sidelined six weeks or more.

Sellers won the spring and fall riding titles at Churchill last year and has
navigated Skip Away's past five starts. Those included a six-length victory in
the Blue Grass Stakes, a second place in the Preakness and a third place in the
Florida Derby.

Santos, the Eclipse Award-winning jockey in 1988, has won about every major
stakes in New York expect the Belmont. His 1993 Belmont mount, Kissin Kris,
finished second to Colonial Affair.

Trainer Ben Perkins is considering Appealing Skier for the Belmont, in which
case he, too, must find a replacement rider. Rick Wilson broke a vertebra in a
spill at Monmouth Park on Sunday and probably won't work for six to eight weeks.

The number of candidates to the 1 1/2-mile Belmont grew to 16 today when trainer
Bill Mott pledged allowance winner Rocket Flash. The prospective list includes
My Flag, who could become the 20th filly to try the 128-year-old Belmont.

LOAD-DATE: June 05, 1996June 05, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post

                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 7, 2014 Saturday

New Mexico: Roswell Fiddle And Griddle Festival

LENGTH: 79  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


New Mexico Tourism has issued the following event detail:

Roswell Fiddle And Griddle Festival
MainStreet Roswell

Saturday, June 07, 2014
    All day event
    400 N. Main St
    Roswell, 88201

oo

Join us for the Roswell Fiddle And Griddle Festival. The finest fiddle players
from around the world compete while the savory aromas of competitive BBQing fill
the air, with toe-tappin', lip-smackin' fun.

Cost:
    Free

For further information please visit: http://www.newmexico.org/

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 7, 2014 Saturday

New Mexico: Roswell Fiddle And Griddle Festival

LENGTH: 79  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


New Mexico Tourism has issued the following event detail:

Roswell Fiddle And Griddle Festival
MainStreet Roswell

Saturday, June 07, 2014
    All day event
    400 N. Main St
    Roswell, 88201

oo

Join us for the Roswell Fiddle And Griddle Festival. The finest fiddle players
from around the world compete while the savory aromas of competitive BBQing fill
the air, with toe-tappin', lip-smackin' fun.

Cost:
    Free

For further information please visit: http://www.newmexico.org/

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

New Mexico: Roswell Fiddle And Griddle Festival

LENGTH: 79  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


New Mexico Tourism has issued the following event detail:

Roswell Fiddle And Griddle Festival
MainStreet Roswell

Friday, June 06, 2014
    All day event
    400 N. Main St
    Roswell, 88201

oo

Join us for the Roswell Fiddle And Griddle Festival. The finest fiddle players
from around the world compete while the savory aromas of competitive BBQing fill
the air, with toe-tappin', lip-smackin' fun.

Cost:
    Free

For further information please visit: http://www.newmexico.org/

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              July 26, 1996 Friday

BYLINE: Frederic Smith

LENGTH: 616 words


A Nashville newspaperman identified the problem about a year ago. ""In
tradition-based styles such as blues and bluegrass, there's always the question
of when -- and if -- capable youngsters will step forward to keep the music
vital.'' He answered his own question with a rave review of Blue Highway, the
recently minted (1994) bluegrass group of young veterans who will pick and grin
at Sleepy Hollow Arts Park in Bismarck Aug. 4 at 7 p.m. Opening for them will be
the legendary Kate MacKenzie, of Prairie Home Companion renown. If you like
old-time country music, yet don't know Blue Highway and MacKenzie, you can
audition them on disc jockey Dawn Scott's ""Bluegrass Brunch'' program Sunday at
11 a.m. on KBMR Radio.

Blue Highway founder and guitarist Tim Stafford played for three years with the
now-huge Alison Krause and Union Station. Mandolinist Shawn Lane paid his dues
in the bands of two pillars of bluegrass, Ricky Skaggs and Doyle Lawson. As much
as that, Blue Highway had pedigree. Four of the five members hail from the
""bluegrass heartland'' of east Tennesee, southwest Virginia and western North
Carolina. Even the seemingly least promising background -- dobro player Rob
Ickes is from suburban San Francisco -- is mitigated by family influences.
Ickes' grandparents played fiddle and accordian, recalls Bluegrass Unlimited
magazine, in its March cover story on the group. ""The whole family played
fiddles and guitars,'' Ickes says. ""I was supposed to be a fiddler. Grandpa
gave me a fiddle, but I never stuck with it.'' That's OK: He tried and discarded
the banjo, too, before he found the instrument he needed to play. But the story
that really needs telling is that of the oldest (40-something) Blue Highway
member and its foremost songwriter, bass player Wayne Taylor. He drove a truck
in the Virginia coal fields for 18 years, doing music only part-time, until an
economic downturn made it an easier choice to park his rig and cast his lot with
Blue Highway. The sadness is recalled in his ""The One I Left Behind.'' ""Things
just had gotten bad up in the southwest Virginia coal fields, and about the same
time the family farmers in east Virginia started having a lot of trouble, too,''
Taylor told Bluegrass Unlimited. ""So (the song) is about two people, one who
had lost his farm and the other from the coal fields, who ended up in the same
city. They somehow met each other, and all they wanted to talk about was what
they had left behind,'' Taylor says. Kate MacKenzie has had two simultaneous
careers, as guitarist and lead singer for 15 years with the Minnesota-based
bluegrass band Stoney Lonesome and as a member (with Garrison Keillor) of
Prairie Home Companion's Hopeful Gospel Quartet. Now she is embarked on a third,
as a duo with another bluegrass and old-time veteran, Chris Silver. MacKenzie
raises every hair on her fans' heads with originals such as ""The Train that
Carried Jimmie Rodgers Home'' and ""A Woman Like Me.'' Bluegrass at Sleepy
Hollow is sponsored by KBMR/KQ94, the Bismarck Tribune and the Dakota West Arts
Council. Tickets are available at those offices and at Eckroth Music, the RCC
Western Store and the Gateway Mall office. Sleepy Hollow is east of Divide
Avenue and 26th Street. Gates open at 6 p.m. Bring a lawn chair or blanket for
this music-on-the-ground event. Pop and snacks are available, so please leave
coolers at home. Alternative rain site is Sydney J. Lee Auditorium at Bismarck
State College.

CUTLINE Critics have wondered when a new generation of bluegrass artists would
hit the scene. The Sleepy Hollow Arts Park brings two sets to the genre on Aug.
4. Blue Highway, top, and Kate MacKenzie, left are this year's guests.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1996 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             August 16, 2013 Friday

Distillery clears another hurdle on way to opening in Lake Zurich

BYLINE: By Bob Susnjara bsusnjara@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 436 words


Partners in a craft distillery proposed for Lake Zurich continue to navigate
government red tape in an effort to open the business.

Architect Jose Hernandez and golf professional Fred Robinson, both of Hawthorn
Woods, intend to open Copper Fiddle Distillery in a 2,100-square-foot storefront
on Route 22, just east of Rand Road. Copper Fiddle likely is on pace to be the
11th or so small-scale distillery in Illinois, Hernandez said.

Lake Zurich village board trustees granted final approval for the project early
this year. However, that was just the start of what Copper Fiddle must
accomplish to open.

It recently cleared its first hurdle with the U.S. Treasury Department's Alcohol
and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau. Federal officials have granted a permit for a
distilled spirits plant for beverages that would allow the business to launch.

Hernandez said Copper Fiddle is preparing to proceed through the federal
agency's labeling and advertising of distilled spirits process. Images of their
product labels must be submitted for approval.

"This is a long process, let me tell you," he said Thursday.

Mandatory labeling requirements include proof and percentage of alcohol by
volume. Label prohibitions include statements that disparages a competitor's
product.

If federal officials green-light the labels, the business would seek to obtain
an Illinois craft distillery license. State law limits the production of
distilled spirits to 15,000 gallons per year, and only what is produced on site
can be sold there.

Provided the state approval is granted, the last stop for Copper Fiddle would be
to gain Lake Zurich village board permission for a liquor license. Hernandez
said it's hoped Copper Fiddle opens by year's end.

He said the business has changed the types of spirits it plans to offer on a
regular basis. Plans now call for a young, barrel-aged whiskey, clear regular
gin and barrel-aged gin, which Hernandez said has strawlike coloring.

"What a barrel gin is, is what gin used to be in the 1800s," he said.

They intend to have limited releases of bourbon, rye and limoncello, a lemon
liqueur rooted in Amalfi, Italy.

Robinson, Hernandez, the men's wives and some part-time employees are projected
to be the workforce at Copper Fiddle when it opens. Copper Fiddle would join
North Shore Distillery on North Herky Drive near Lake Bluff as the second such
operation in Lake County.

Hernandez said the Copper Fiddle storefront would host tastings and sell a
limited amount of merchandise. He said the spirits initially would be
distributed to bars, restaurants and liquor stores in the Lake Zurich and
Barrington areas.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy of Fred Robinson Fred Robinson, left, and Jose Hernandez at
the building where they plan to open Copper Fiddle Distillery in Lake Zurich.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             March 13, 2009 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

IRISH SOLES;
CEILI CLUB MEMBERS PUT ON THEIR DANCING SHOES

BYLINE: Jack Kelly, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. C-8

LENGTH: 417 words


Every Tuesday evening from 8 to 10, members of the Pittsburgh Ceili Club come to
Mullaney's Harp Fiddle, an Irish pub in the Strip District, to dance and
socialize.

Ceili (pronounced CAY-lee) is a Gaelic word for a social gathering. It has come
to refer to a particular form of Irish dance, typically involving "sets" of four
couples. Ceili and its English cousin (country dancing) are thought to be
parents of American square dancing.

On Tuesday, about 50 people gathered at the Harp Fiddle, many sitting at their
usual table or spot at the bar. Most are middle-age or older, although a few
regulars are in their 20s.

Clair Keenan, 75, of Washington, Pa., has been coming to the dances for about a
dozen years.

"I'm Irish," he said. "I feel the Irish music."

Bob Kanecki, 75, of Ross, has been attending the weekly dances ever since the
pub opened in 1992.

"It's invigorating," he said. "It keeps you in shape."

Mr. Kanecki, who is Polish, was introduced to Irish dancing by his wife, Jean,
76, whose maiden name was Friel.

"It's the heritage," she said. "I just wanted to pick it up again."

Don and Pat Urbanik have been coming to the weekly dances for 15 years.

"It's fun. We enjoy the people," said Mr. Urbanik, whose ancestry is Slovenian.

"Irish dancing is great exercise," said his wife, whose maiden name was
Shaughnessy. "The people are friendly."

The Shovlin family, which has been involved with Irish dance locally since the
late 1960s, approached the owners of the pub several years ago to see if it
could be the club's venue. Peter Sr. and Celia Shovlin, originally from County
Donegal, Ireland, immigrated to Pittsburgh in 1957. Mr. Shovlin, a traditional
Irish fiddler since his youth, plays for the dancers every Tuesday night and for
the Shovlin Academy of Irish Dance, which is run by his daughter, Sheila, and
meets at the Dormont Municipal Building.

In the St. Patrick's Day parade tomorrow dancers from the academy will be
performing with members of the club's Tuesday Night Ceilis, said Liz Shovlin
Grinko, another daughter who teaches at the school along with her brothers,
Peter Jr. and John.

Ms. Grinko said friendships have blossomed among former strangers who discover
the Tuesday night dances. Sue Ann Hogan, 54, has been coming to the dances for
about six years.

"I come for the good people here, the community," she said.

"It's the music and the dance that brings people together," agreed Mary Anne
McGill.

For more information on the Pittsburgh Cieli Club, go to
www.pittsburghceiliclub.org.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Jack Kelly can be reached at jkelly@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1476.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Bill Wade/Post-Gazette: IRISH EYES ARE SMILING/Don Urbanic,
left, of Crafton, enjoys a beer with J.J. Gallagher of Scott, as part of the
Pittsburgh Ceili Club meeting Tuesday night at Mullaney's Harp & Fiddle, Strip
District. Club members meet weekly to socialize and dance the night away.
(Photo, Page C-1) \
PHOTO: Bill Wade/Post-Gazette: Jerry Hughes, 69, of Hampton, right, dances with
his daughter Kayte, left, and leads Kristen Crusan through their arms.\
PHOTO: Bill Wade/Post-Gazette: : Pete Shovlin Sr. and Mike Byrnes provides the
music at the weekly meeting of the Pittsburgh Cieli Club at Mullaney's Harp and
Fiddle in the Strip District.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             August 30, 2010 Monday

Duluth girl, 15, takes state fiddle title

BYLINE: By Lisa Baumann Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; State Fair

LENGTH: 538 words


A 15-year-old Duluth girl who used to carry her violin around like it was a
teddy bear beat out nearly 30 competitors of all ages Sunday at the Minnesota
State Fair to take the title of 2010 Minnesota Fiddle Champion.

Claire Sayers outfiddled two other teens and two adults to earn the honor, a
first for her in a competition. She has played the violin since age 6 and has
competed in fiddle contests since age 11. Before her win at the State Fair, an
annual contest hosted by the Minnesota State Fiddlers Association, she placed in
the top five at several fiddle competitions earlier this summer.

"When they called my name as No. 1, I just thought, 'Oh, sweet,' " she said. "I
didn't scream or jump around. I'm not that excitable."

Her cool demeanor just might be Sayers' competitive edge. She said she doesn't
listen to her competitors perform and she doesn't think about her songs before
she's called to play them.

"It's not a good idea to think about it," Sayers said. "Then you'll just mess
up."

The confidence that comes from practicing also helped her focus in the State
Fair environment, which is full of distractions, not the least of which comes
from screaming people on carnival rides nearby. And when Sayers accidentally
dropped her bow during one of her final songs on Sunday, she calmly caught it,
hardly missing a beat.

"It was hot out and my fingers were slippery, but I caught it and even though I
couldn't believe it, I just kept playing and I don't think too many people
noticed," she said.

Contestants play waltzes and hoedown music among other tunes. Sayers advanced
through the first day of competition to make it into the top five. From there,
she played three songs, accompanied by guitarist Gilmore Lee, to win.

Now with the traveling trophy back in Duluth, Sayers is considering taking her
fiddle skills to contests in other states. Her teacher since this summer, Deena
Bistodeau of Princeton, Minn., has won the State Fair title five times and said
Sayers has the motivation to do well.

"It's huge for her to play the songs she's learned this summer and win," she
said. "It's good for her to get this under her belt."

While Sayers is perhaps most enamored with the violin, it wasn't the first
instrument she has played. She started playing the piano at age 1 and began
lessons at age 4.

"She heard her older sister playing and wanted to play," said her mother,
Dorothy Sayers.

At age 6, she attended a violin concert and said she practically forced her mom
to let her begin lessons.

Sayers is still involved with the piano, practicing for about two hours a day,
and she also practices classical violin two hours per day and takes lessons from
Rudy Perrault, director of University of Minnesota Duluth's Symphony Orchestra.

For the first time, she plans to continue fiddle instruction through the school
year as well.

That will entail about four hours of violin practice a day between fiddle and
classical, but it's something Sayers is excited to do. She said she can find the
time for all that practice because she's always been home-schooled and is now
enrolled in Minnesota's Virtual Academy, an accredited online school.

"I want to go into the performing arts," she said. "Nothing else is interesting
at all to me."

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           October 17, 2009 Saturday

Annual fiddle event draws a crowd

BYLINE: Robert LaFrance The Victoria Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. I3

LENGTH: 357  words


The 2009 version of the Wednesday Evening Fiddlers annual 'doo' took place
Saturday, Oct. 3, at the Perth-Andover Legion Branch #36 hall with musicians and
fans arriving from many places in New Brunswick, Maine, and around the region.
The group, now 21 years old, practises every week at the St. James United Church
Hall and performs dozens of shows each year.

"The crowd enjoyed it as usual," commented long-time leader Garold Hanscom of
California Settlement. "We had some from Fredericton, a few from Saint John, and
Woodstock. This year the fiddle doo was on the main floor of the Legion instead
of the curling club area and we found that more convenient.

"It was cold out there and I was often scared of people falling on the stairs.
It was much easier for people handling the food too."

The pot luck supper served at the fall 'doo' has become legendary, with a vast
selection of main dishes and desserts.

"We had a pretty good turnout of fiddlers," Hanscom added.

"We had a good time and the kids played well."

Asked to estimate the number of fiddlers in the group, he said he really didn't
know for sure. "I keep saying numbers anywhere from 25 to 50," he said, "but I
think it's around 30 on a regular basis. When we start fall classes, we'll
probably see 50 people from 3 to 9 p.m. in the evening.

"The fiddle doo stopped about 7 p.m. Saturday evening," Hanscom said. "The kids
played after the supper and they were ready to go.

They wanted to play there for a long time. They went up on the stage and just
drove 'er for probably close to an hour."

Next on the Wednesday Evening Fiddlers' agenda is a performance at the Shogomoc
Jamboree in Bristol on Oct. 24, a bus trip to Hampton on Nov. 7, and one to
Miramichi on Nov. 21 to that city's fiddle doo. In October and November the
fiddlers will conduct their traditional Christmas tour when they visit nursing
homes in three New Brunswick counties and in the state of Maine, followed by the
group's own Christmas party at the Perth-Andover Legion on Dec. 12.

"We were quite happy with this year's fiddle doo," Hanscom concluded. "We have
the hall booked for Oct. 2 next year, for another go at it."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                           January 15, 2011 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Fiddle fans' delight;
Live

BYLINE: Jim Kellar

SECTION: H2; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 404 words


YOU can sense Martha Spencer's smile down the telephone line. The spry fiddle
player from Whitetop, Virginia, USA, is doing the talking while fiance and
fellow musician Jackson Cunningham does the driving. "We're on the way to
Dorrigo and we're somewhere near Grafton," she said, without a hint of worry
about flood waters purported in the media to be lapping the Pacific Highway at
that very moment.

The duo, known as The Whitetop Mountaineers, have been trekking to Australia for
the past four years, playing their enthusiastic brand of old-time country music
to festival audiences and small-town halls and pubs across the country. "We're
building an audience," Spencer said. "More people seem to be coming to the
shows." On this tour they played the Woodford Folk Festival in Queensland for a
week, with Spencer also offering workshops in "clogging," as she calls her
old-time mountain dancing. In the first week of January they played a show at
Eltham, halfway between Bangalow and Lismore on the NSW North Coast. "Tons of
public showed up. They were really interested," Spencer said of the show. Both
Spencer and Cunningham sing, and they both play fiddle, banjo and guitar with
Spencer doing at least one dance per set on the tour. The dancing element is
much bigger in Virginia where they tour heavily. "Back home other people dance,
sometimes the whole dance floors are full," Spencer said. While the clogging
sets Spencer apart, Cunningham has his own strength: he makes instruments. "He
took a few fiddle orders last time we were here," Spencer said. "He'll be
delivering a few at Tamworth." The duo's show in Newcastle, at the Gallipoli
Club in Hamilton, will come hot on the heels of their Tamworth engagement, at
Andrew Clermont's Supper Club (North Tamworth Bowling Club). It was Clermont, a
renowned country music instrumentalist, who enticed them to come to Australia,
Spencer said. Between Clermont's connections and promoter John MacAuslan the
Whitetop Mountaineers have played big and small - from Dorrigo and Eltham to the
Port Fairy Folk Festival, Tamworth and Woodford. "Travelling 17,000 miles and
finding audiences who like people like us playing banjos and fiddles, it's kind
of cool," Spencer said. "Since we've been here we find people are really
hospitable, easy to get along with. So far it's been a really great place." The
Whitetop Mountaineers play the Gallipoli Club on Thursday, January 20.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THE WHITETOP MOUNTAINEERS: Martha Spencer and Jackson Cunningham.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            August 14, 2008 Thursday

August Dulcimer Daze returns to Wilmington

BYLINE: Entertainment

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 310 words


WILMINGTON -- On Saturday at 8 p.m., Memorial Hall Center for the Arts will
present August Dulcimer Daze, featuring Lois Hornbostel, Jeff and Janet Furman
and The MacArthur Family.

Hornbostel heard her first mountain dulcimer in Pinkham Notch, N.H., which began
a journey with the instrument through many musical playing styles. Starting in
New York City with Irish music sessions, she produced a 1979 Mel Bay book, "The
Irish Dulcimer," that pioneered Irish music on the dulcimer.

Moving to Louisiana, she adapted Cajun music to the dulcimer, eventually leading
to her book, "Cajun Favorites for Mountain Dulcimer." She moved to the Smoky
Mountains of North Carolina in the '80s, where her musical path led her to
fiddle conventions and their wealth of old-time string-band music. In adapting
this style to the dulcimer, she won many dulcimer competitions,

Jeff and Janet Furman have been playing old-time music together for more than 25
years. Performing on mountain dulcimer, fiddle, old-time banjo, bowed dulcimer
and guitar, they blend their vocals to deliver heartfelt and touching ballads as
well as rousing songs.

The MacArthur Family -- Gary, Dan and Megan of Marlboro -- are well known
throughout the Northeast. Their concerts are musical explorations of rural life,
adding contemporary compositions to traditional songs. Their rich vocal
harmonies are complemented by sensitive accompaniments on Dan's guitar, Gary's
fiddle or homemade mandolin and Megan's acoustic bass.

Tickets are available at $15 adults, $14 seniors and $9 for students through
high school. MHCA member pricing also applies. For ticket reservations and
information, call the MHCA box office at 802-464-8411. A limited number of free
seats are available to students of high school age and younger who are Vermont
residents, subject to restrictions. For more informaton, visit memhall.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             chesterchronicle.co.uk

                        May 7, 2015 Thursday 7:18 PM GMT

Chester Alexander's plays host to Manchester band 4Square;
Clog dancing and fiddles part of the show at Rufus Court venue on May 14

BYLINE: By Michael Green

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 147 words


Manchester band 4Square play their music with finesse, fire and virtuosity, yet
an understated maturity which has grown throughout their seven year journey as a
band.

The group consist of Nicola Lyons (fiddle, vocals, clog dancing), Jum Molyneux
(piano, accordion, vocals), Michael Givrin (mandolin, guitar) and Dan Day
(percussion, vocals).

The sight and sound of simultaneous fiddle and clog dancing and virtuosic
mandolin will stir the senses and quicken the pulse, galvanised by an
engine-room of driving piano and percussion.

4Square have played at many festivals great and small, both in the UK, and
further afield, in Canada, Denmark, Greece, Norway, The Czech Republic and
Sweden. Their latest album Hearth &amp; Home is out now.

This mighty foursome play at Alexander's in Chester on Thursday, May 14. Tickets
are available at www.alexanderslive.com or by calling 01224 340005.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBCHEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved

                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

Arkansas: Exploring Arkansas

LENGTH: 155  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Educational Television Network has issued the following news release:

Exploring Arkansas
Arkansas' Fiddle Queen/ Bull Shoals Eagles/ Original Duck Dynasty #1103

Monday, April 6, 06:30 pm on AETN-1 HD

Duration: 0:25:04

Description: Ninety-Eight year young Violet Hensley of Yellville was designated
as an Arkansas Living Treasure in 2004 for her fiddle playing and fiddle making
skills - she makes them in her kitchen, from scratch. During January and
February at Bull Shoals-White River State Park you can view the bald eagle
splendor there along the river by hiking one of the nature trails. The original
Duck Dynasty..contrary to what others might say- is the family of Chick Major in
Stuttgart, who began making duck calls in 1939, and whos' succeeded by one of
his daughters, who continues making the calls.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Idaho Falls Post Register (Idaho)

                              June 28, 2013 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Violin victory;
Idaho Falls teen takes home gold at the Weiser fiddling finals

BYLINE: By RUTH BROWN,

SECTION: THE WEST; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 496 words


Laura Waters bounced on the toes of her silver glitter shoes Tuesday, her
earrings swinging at a rhythmic pace matching the tune coming from her fiddle.

The bounce is a habit 17-year-old Waters formed while playing the fiddle the
past nine years.

Last week, the Idaho Falls teenager took top honors in the junior division of
the National Oldtime Fiddler's Contest, held in Weiser. Waters competed against
48 other fiddlers in the 13 to 17 age group.

""(Fiddling) is a really good emotional thing for me. It's something to go to
when I have a bad day and it's fun,"" Waters said. ""I love the competition, but
even more, I just have a passion for it.""

Other local winners included Grace Partridge, 8, of Rigby, who won first place
in the Oldtime small fry division. Grace has been playing since she was 5.

""Grace loves to be on stage,"" mom Jen Partridge said. ""At 5, she got on stage
for the first time and when she came down, she said she loved it. It put a fire
under her.""

Grace Christensen, 11, of Shelley, took third place in the ""junior junior""
division.

Before finishing first this year, Waters competed at nationals five times and
placed in the top five each time. Waters also is a four-time Idaho State junior
champion and two-time Colorado State junior champion, as well as a Northwest
Regional champion. But her favorite award is the one she received in a student
fiddling contest held in Iona, called the ""I Own a Fiddle Contest.""

Waters was voted Most Inspirational Fiddler.

Her instructors are Joe and Jacie Sites of Rigby.

""I think I've had hundreds and hundreds of students, but Laura loves the fiddle
music, and you can hear it when she plays,"" Jacie Sites said. ""You can hear
her love of music coming out when she plays.""

Joe Sites agreed.

""Laura has incredible talent and she can learn anything. She is a great fiddle
player,"" he said. ""She is really dynamic and doesn't sound like anybody else;
she sounds like Laura Waters. She improvises and has a tremendous feeling for
the all-around music.""

Waters started playing violin at age 6 and began fiddling at 8. She plays a
variety of other instruments including the piano, viola, mandolin, guitar, cello
and bass.

Waters credits her mother - who made her practice when she was younger - and the
Siteses for her success.

""There's really no one like (the Siteses). I am really blessed to have them,""
Waters said. ""I wouldn't be the musician or the person I am without them.""

Waters plans to compete in the Idaho State Fiddling Contest on Saturday in
Gooding. In August, she will compete at the Grand Masters Fiddle Championship at
the Country Music Hall of Fame in Nashville, Tenn.

Waters will be a senior at Bonneville High School this fall, and although she
plans to study nursing after graduation, said she'll never give up fiddling.

""I love the breakdown of the beat and the rhythmic factor,"" she said. ""That's
one of my favorite things - getting the rhythm right and filling in the groove.
I love it.""

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 31, 2013 Sunday
                                 Drive Edition

Oklahoma's museums, memorials appeal to state's diverse interests

BYLINE: DINO LALLI, For The Oklahoman

SECTION: LIFE; DISCOVER OKLAHOMA; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 553 words


I mentioned a few weeks ago when talking about the Stafford Air and Space Museum
in Weatherford, that Oklahoma has more than 250 museums spanning a broad range
of history from American Indian and western culture, educational, skeletons,
singers and so much more. A virtual wealth of art and artifacts can be found at
places like the Gilcrease or Philbrook in Tulsa, or the Oklahoma City Museum of
Art.

It is still exciting for me to walk with my family through the National Cowboy &
Western Heritage Museum in Oklahoma City, the Oklahoma History Center, or the
Sam Noble Museum of Natural History in Norman. And don't forget the Will Rogers
Memorial Museum in Claremore or Woolaroc Ranch, Museum and Wildlife Preserve
near Bartlesville.

But this article, along with a few more in the future, will be devoted to just a
handful of the smaller, possibly lesser-known destinations that also bring their
own style, fascination and allure to the traveling public.

Now one can easily locate any of the fine museums in our state by visiting the
Oklahoma Department of Tourism's website at www.travelok.com. And one of the
things you will find is a small concentration of these kinds of museums in
Guthrie, such as the Oklahoma Territorial Museum and Carnegie Library, Oklahoma
Frontier Drugstore Museum and Apothecary Garden, Double Stop Fiddle Shop and
Music Hall, Owens Arts Place Museum and the Oklahoma Sports Museum. So what this
has meant to me and my family is you can pack in quite a bit of fun and
excitement hitting several of these fascinating museums without adding to your
vehicle's fuel bill.

All the museums in Guthrie are interesting and enjoyable, but two hold a
particular appeal for me due to my interests in sports and music. My
great-grandfather played the "fiddle" on Saturday nights at dances in
southeastern Oklahoma. And I'm truly honored to have in my possession the fiddle
he played for years. But when you step into The Double Stop Fiddle Shop and
Music Hall, there is something inherently satisfying to see an assortment of
instruments like violins, guitars, banjos and mandolins. And who can resist the
toe tapping music that can be discovered most Saturday nights from the Bryon
Berline band? Berline is a tremendously talented musician.

I'm a sports nut. I admit it. The Oklahoma Sports Museum has an impressive
display of Oklahoma sports memorabilia. It also honors well-known Oklahoma
athletes past and present.

The past and present can also be explored and discovered at the Route 66 Vintage
Iron Motorcycle Museum in Miami. How fitting that the museum is actually located
on the Mother Road in downtown Miami. It's here you will find an outstanding
collection of motorcycles and memorabilia, including items from what I think are
two of the "coolest cats" who ever rode a bike: Steve McQueen and Evel Knievel.

Volumes can be written about why people ride bikes, and the enjoyment it brings
that can't be found by driving a fast car. And there is a big difference between
"riding" a bike, and "driving" a car. Both are exhilarating, but there's
something about a bike that can't be matched. You'll certainly get a sense of
that wonder and awe at the Route 66 Vintage Iron Motorcycle Museum.

Dino Lalli is the producer, a reporter and co-host of the weekly TV travel show
AAA's Discover Oklahoma.


LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: The Route 66 Vintage Iron Motorcycle Museum is located in
Miami. PHOTO PROVIDED
Photo 2: An exhibit in the football section at the Oklahoma Sports Museum in
Guthrie has artifacts from the Oklahoma State University and other programs.
PHOTO BY JOHN CLANTON, THE OKLAHOMAN ARCHIVES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                          September 19, 2000, Tuesday

OBITUARY: CLIFF BRUNER

BYLINE: Paul Wadey

SECTION: OBITUARIES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 586 words


CLIFF BRUNER was a pivotal figure in the development of Texas music, his work
forming a vital bridge between two of its finest forms, western swing and
honky-tonk.

An amalgam of hillbilly, conjunto, cajun, pop, jazz and delta blues, western
swing was the rural dance music of the late Thirties. In the hands of
bandleaders such as Bob Wills, Milton Brown and Bruner, virtuoso musicians
traded hot licks and swung hard, filling dance halls from Tulsa and Fort Worth
to Los Angeles. Honky-tonk, its near cousin, likewise emerged from the dance
halls and beer joints of the South-West and became synonymous with the twang of
the electric guitar and the often tear-stained lyrics of its finest songs.

As second fiddle with Brown's Musical Brownies from 1936, Bruner was among the
group of musicians who nurtured both. The son of a Houston longshoreman, he had
learned the instrument as a child - "I was playing fiddle before I could talk
good." He worked medicine shows whilst still in his teens and flitted between
local bands before finding a musical home with the Brownies. The band cut some
48 sides for Decca before Milton Brown's death in 1936 following a motor
accident, when Bruner returned to Houston and formed his own band, the Texas
Wanderers.

The Wanderers' line-up was among the finest of the era. It included the ex
-Brownie and seminal steel guitarist Bob Dunn, the vocalist and pianist Aubrey
"Moon" Mullican (a decisive influence on the young Jerry Lee Lewis), the
electric mandolinist Leo Raley, the fiddler J.R. Chatwell and, on guitar, Dickie
McBride, whose band the Village Boys would later enjoy great success along the
Texas Gulf Coast. Bruner's bow-work was itself hugely influential: his double
stops, runs, blues inflections and driving rhythms became the bedrock of the
modern Texas fiddle style.

The band's biggest hit, Floyd Tillman's "It Makes No Difference Now" (1938), a
fine example of early honky-tonk, points the way to a strain of country music
that runs from Ernest Tubb through to George Strait and Garth Brooks. Bruner
later recalled: "They pressed that record day and night for two full weeks and
released it. And it sold millions of copies all over the world, in eight
different languages."

His association with Tillman was a close one, and he and the Wanderers backed
the songwriter on his classic Decca sides including "A Precious Memory" (1939),
"Maybe I'll Get By Without You" (1939) and "Daisy May" (1940). Later, Bruner and
the Wanderers worked alongside the recording star and future Louisiana governor
Jimmie Davis.

In 1939 the Texas Wanderers cut the disc usually cited as the first truckdriving
record, "Truck Driver's Blues". Written by the steel guitarist Ted Daffan, and a
showcase for Dunn, it sold an estimated 100,000 copies.

As the craze for western swing faded in the Forties, Bruner was increasingly
inactive as a performer, becoming an insurance executive in Houston. He did not
completely leave music: he continued to perform at weekend dances, worked with
"Cowboy" Jack Clement in the early Sixties and participated in Johnny Gimble's
Texas Swing Pioneers project for CMH Records in 1980.

Gimble, himself a master fiddle player, sums up his friend's contribution in
simple terms: "Cliff is the guy who pioneered Texas swing fiddle. He gave me
goose bumps."

Paul Wadey

Clifton Lafayette Bruner, fiddler and bandleader: born Texas City 25 April 1915;
twice married (six daughters); died Houston, Texas 25 August 2000.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bruner: 'It makes no difference now' Country Music Archive

                      Copyright 2000 Independent Print Ltd

                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Oskaloosa Herald (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 24, 2013 Monday

Homer Long's 'life of music'

BYLINE: Andy Goodell, The Oskaloosa Herald, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 449 words


June 24--OSKALOOSA -- He may be nearing the century mark, but Homer Long's love
for traditional American music remains.

Long was born July 5, 1913 to Jesse and Rena Long in the town of Lacey.

He first began playing music as a child after his mother urged him to take
violin lessons. Much of what motivated him to play was the enjoyment he got out
of playing. He said that, when he was growing up, he listened to Grand Ole Opry
performers on the radio.

"I kind of got interested in this Country/Western stuff and got to playing a
couple hoedowns," said Long, as he showed a photo of himself holding a violin at
around age 10.

Over the years, Long played numerous events including those in Pella, What
Cheer, Ottumwa, Oskaloosa and Fremont. He also played at nursing homes in Keokuk
and Poweshiek counties, as well as other events in Eddyville and Barnes City.

"He's just had a life of music," said daughter Gloria Bartlett.

One time, while playing in Greater Ottumwa Park, Long came across famed country
singer Marvin Rainwater. Long said he started playing one of Rainwater's famous
tunes while he was there.

No matter if you call it -- "blue grass" or "old time music," Long enjoyed
providing happiness to those who'd listen to his fiddle playing.

Of course, Long is a fan of musicians who play in the old time way. He noted
that he enjoys the work of artists like Jim Reeves and Bill Monroe. Long said he
likedplaying the songs of famous old time musicians. In particular, Long said he
enjoyed playing most anything the people listening liked to hear.

"I had quite a collection of songs," said Long.

Although the fiddle was his preferred instrument, Long has played banjo, guitar,
Dobro, steel guitar and even fashioned his own bass guitar out of walnut, said
Bartlett. Long said he liked the fiddle the most because it was the easiest to
tote around when traveling.

"Even with the fiddle, you'd have to pack up your own sound system and that took
up a lot of room," Long said.

Much like many other musicians, Long played in a number of groups including The
Sundowner Band and Happy Memories Band. While playing with The Sundowner Band,
the group earned third and then first place in the seniors contest in different
years at the Iowa State Fair, noted Bartlett.

"The first time we went up, we didn't get on about second base," explained Long.
"Next time we went up, we beat 'em out."

For more from the Herald's interview with Long, see the June 26 issue of The
Oskaloosa Shopper.

Herald City Editor Andy Goodell can be reached at news2@oskyherald.com

___ (c)2013 The Oskaloosa Herald (Oskaloosa, Iowa) Visit The Oskaloosa Herald
(Oskaloosa, Iowa) at www.oskaloosa.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130624-XZ-Homer-Long-s-life-of-music-0624-20130624

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XZ


                      Copyright 2013 The Oskaloosa Herald

                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                              July 31, 2016 Sunday
                                   1 Edition

Hot Fudge & Fiddles

SECTION: SUNDAYCT; B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 915  words


Hot Fudge & Fiddles

Hot fudge sundaes and fiddle music will be offered at the West Hartford Senior
Center, in Bishops Corner on Sept. 7 at 2 p.m.

Complimentary sundaes will be provided by A.C. Petersen Farms. The Connecticut
Bristol Old Time Fiddlers will provide the foot stomping entertainment.

The center is at 15 Starkel Road, West Hartford, off Albany Avenue (Route 44).
The cost is $1 for members, $2 for non-members. Advance registration required;
payment may be made at the Senior Center. For more information, call
860-561-7583.

- Community Contributor Barbara Kreitner

Garden Volunteers

The Common Grounds Rotary Garden of Enfield is seeking volunteers.

The organization began 11 years ago with the goal of growing and donating fresh
produce to local food relief agencies. Volunteers are needed to help plant,
maintain and pick produce, and deliver to food to local agencies. Tuesday nights
are scheduled work nights, from 5:30 p.m. until dark, throughout the summer and
fall, but other days/times can be arranged as well.

The garden is behind the Enfield Senior Center at 299 Elm St. For more
information, visit http://commongroundsrotarygarden.wordpress.com; email
CommonGroundsRotaryGarden@gmail.com or call Alison at 860-966-8991.

- Community Contributor misty7182

Vintage Motorcars

The Belltown Antique Car Club of East Hampton will host its 50th annual Vintage
Motorcar Meet on Aug. 7 at the Haddam Neck Fairgrounds off Route 151. The event
will feature examples of early cars built in New England.

The event, held rain or shine, is a judged show for stock, unmodified cars and
trucks through 1971. It also includes a flea market catering to the antique car
hobby. Gates open at 8 a.m. General admission is $5. For information, go to
www.belltownantiquecarclub.org.

- Community Contributor DanChester

New Britain Summer Tennis Slam

The city of New Britain is reviving its end-of-summer tennis tournament, which
will take place on Aug. 20 at two sites: Walnut Hill Park and New Britain High
School.

The New Britain Summer Slam, successor to the Greater New Britain Tennis Open of
the 1990s, is sponsored by the city parks and recreation department's summer
tennis program. The one-day tournament will start at 9 a.m. and looks to draw
not only from among New Britain's finest, but also players from neighboring
towns in Central Connecticut.

Players will compete among their peers in four groups: 10 and under mixed
doubles; 11-14 boys and girls singles; 15-18 boys and girls singles; and 19 and
over men's and women's doubles. The player cap for each age group will be set at
20. Walnut Hill Park will host the 10 and under and adult divisions; New Britain
High will host the 11-14 and 15-18 divisions. Each tournament site will have
updated brackets posted, new cans of tennis balls provided by the department and
continuous refreshments.

The fees are: 10 and under division, $20 per person or $40 per doubles team;
boys and girls in the 11-14 and 15-18 divisions, $20 per person; 19 and over
adult division, $40 per doubles team. Any player who signs up before the
deadline of Aug. 12 will receive a free New Britain Summer Slam T-shirt on he
day of the tournament.

For information, contact Tennis Program Coordinator Jake Zapatka at
Jacob.zapatka@newbritainct.gov

The New Britain Parks and Recreation Department accepts registrations on a
first-come, first-served basis by mail at New Britain Parks and Recreation
Department, 27 West Main Street, Room 302, New Britain, CT 06051; at the Parks
and Recreation office from 8:15 to 3:45 p.m., Monday-Friday; or online at
www.nbparksnrec.org. For questions, contact the New Britain Recreation Hotline
at 860-826-3360 for information.

- Community Contributor cbowman3

Modern Dating

Moira Weigel dives into the history of sex and romance in modern America at the
West Hartford Public Library on Aug. 4 at 7 p.m. She is the author of "Labor of
Love: The Invention of Dating," in which she weaves together more than 100 years
of history, and discussed how looking for love shapes who we are.

The event is free, but register online at http://bit.ly/weigeldating4aug, or
call the library at 860.561.6990. Books will be available at the event for sale
and autographed by the author.

It will take place in the West Hartford Public Library Meeting Room, 20 South
Main St. Park in the nearby Isham Garage.

- Community Contributor J Cadieux

White Rabbit Theatre Auditions

The White Rabbit Theatre in Glastonbury will hold auditions for its December
production of "Grease" on Aug. 16 and 18 by appointment only, followed by
callbacks on Aug. 19 from 6 to 9:30 p.m.

All auditions will be held at the Lutheran Church of St. Mark, 75 Griswold St.,
Glastonbury. You must be 18 years old by October to audition. We ask that you
prepare at least one song from "Grease" and one other song to show your range.
You will also be asked to read from the script. Rehearsals for the show will be
2-3 times a week in Glastonbury in October and November. Performances will be
Dec. 2, 3, 8, 9, and 10 at Trinity-on-Main in New Britain.

To schedule your audition or ask questions, email the director at
adam.tortorello@gmail.com or call 860-315-4907.

- Community Contributor scorpeo8

-----

The community news stories and photos on this page were submitted by Courant
readers. You can find more of them on our digital platforms, which reach
millions of users every month, at courant.com/community, where you'll also find
an easy-to-use process to upload news and information about your community.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Patrick Ross and Daniel Boucher New England French fiddle styles

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: TRAVEL; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 235 words


Despite pressures to assimilate, descendants of Franco-Americans who immigrated
to New England from the former Acadia and Québec have maintained strong
connections to their heritage.

Fiddler and "racounteur" Daniel Boucher stands as a cultural leader of Franco
Americans in his native Connecticut, and throughout Southern New England.
Learning from family and friends, and rekindling his repertoire through visits
to Québec, Boucher has revitalized such Franco-American traditions as "la cabane
à sucre" (maple sugar party) and "soirées" (jam and dance parties). He has
played with the Beaudouin family, and appeared at the Kennedy Center as well at
several festivals, including the American and Lowell Folk Festivals.

Joining him are Patrick Ross, a fifth-generation Franco-American fiddler from
New Hampshire, and Ross' stepfather, Jean Nil Theroux. Ross is a leading fiddle
teacher, who plays with several bands and has won many fiddle competitions in
the region.

Among the distinctive styles shared by French-Canadians and Franco-Americans are
"chansons à répondre" (call-and-response songs), a genre common in northern New
England logging camps where Theroux spent his early years. Living in
northernmost New Hampshire allows Ross and Theroux to stay in touch with their
musical heritage and language in Canada.

SCHEDULE: Saturday, Market Street, 2:30 p.m.; Sunday, JFK Plaza, 2 p.m.; Market
Street, 4:15 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Patrick Ross

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Patrick Ross and Daniel Boucher New England French fiddle styles

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: LATEST NEWS; Travel; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 235 words


Despite pressures to assimilate, descendants of Franco-Americans who immigrated
to New England from the former Acadia and Québec have maintained strong
connections to their heritage.

Fiddler and "racounteur" Daniel Boucher stands as a cultural leader of Franco
Americans in his native Connecticut, and throughout Southern New England.
Learning from family and friends, and rekindling his repertoire through visits
to Québec, Boucher has revitalized such Franco-American traditions as "la cabane
à sucre" (maple sugar party) and "soirées" (jam and dance parties). He has
played with the Beaudouin family, and appeared at the Kennedy Center as well at
several festivals, including the American and Lowell Folk Festivals.

Joining him are Patrick Ross, a fifth-generation Franco-American fiddler from
New Hampshire, and Ross' stepfather, Jean Nil Theroux. Ross is a leading fiddle
teacher, who plays with several bands and has won many fiddle competitions in
the region.

Among the distinctive styles shared by French-Canadians and Franco-Americans are
"chansons à répondre" (call-and-response songs), a genre common in northern New
England logging camps where Theroux spent his early years. Living in
northernmost New Hampshire allows Ross and Theroux to stay in touch with their
musical heritage and language in Canada.

SCHEDULE: Saturday, Market Street, 2:30 p.m.; Sunday, JFK Plaza, 2 p.m.; Market
Street, 4:15 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            August 28, 2008 Thursday

Brattleboro Dawn Dance returns Sunday

BYLINE: Entertainment

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 335 words


BRATTLEBORO -- On Sunday, dance aficionados from all over New England and beyond
will converge on Brattleboro to take part in the biannual Brattleboro Dawn
Dance, a 14-hour marathon of English country, contra and couple dancing in the
Gibson-Aiken Center at 207 Main St.

The Dawn Dance, which takes place each year on Memorial Day and Labor Day, draws
dancers from far and wide for the chance to dance the night away to a selection
of the finest dance musicians and callers in the country.

The Labor Day Dawn Dance begins with English Country dancing from 2:30 to 5:30
p.m., led by Joanna Reiner, with music by lydia ievins on fiddle, Anna Patton on
clarinet and Peter Barnes on piano.

At 8 p.m., the contra dance portion of the evening begins with perennial
favorite Lisa Greenleaf calling to music by Sarah Blair on fiddle, Peter Siegel
on mandolin, guitar and feet, Mary Cay Brass on piano and accordion, and Stuart
Kenney playing bass and banjo.

At midnight, caller Scott Higgs takes the stage with music by Dark Carnival --
Mary Lea on fiddle, Lise Brown on flute and sax, Keith Murphy on guitar,
mandolin and feet and Peter Barnes on piano and guitar.

The final set of contra dancing begins at 3:30 a.m., called by Peter Amidon with
music by Green Street -- Ethan Hazzard Watkins and Jessie Gagne-Hall on fiddles,
Owen Marshall on guitar and octave mandolin and Garrett Sawyer on bass.

Tickets are $10 for the English dance segment, $18 for the contra segment, or
$25 for both ($7, $14 or $21 for students and seniors). Tickets can be purchased
online at www.dawndance.org , in person at Maple Leaf Music in Brattleboro, or
at the door on Aug. 31, from 2:30 to 6 p.m., and 7:30 p.m. until sold out.

For more information, visit www.dawndance.org , e-mail  info@dawndance.org , or
contact the Dawn Dance Committee at 802-257-1571, 802-257-1006 or 802-257-9234.

Dancers should bring clean sneakers or soft-soled shoes to help protect the
dance floor. No drugs, alcohol or alcohol bottles are allowed on the premises.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     March 17, 2003 Monday Marshall Edition

Flat-out mountain;
Weekly jam draws musicians from area

BYLINE: By JO ANNE MERKLE STAR; Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C7; HOMETOWN

LENGTH: 875 words


They gather every Saturday night around 6:30, inside an open corner room behind
the Steer Inn's caf.

Musicians of varied abilities and from diverse walks of life come to play and
listen to straight-from-the-heart, unvarnished bluegrass.

There are fiddles, guitars, mandolins, five-string banjos, upright basses and
dobros. And the main fare of these sessions is a sleeker, faster version of
Appalachian "old-timey" music, along with gospel and country tunes.

This musical treasure is nestled in a restaurant/warehouse on rural Kosciusko
County property that once housed a livestock sale barn, about eight miles south
of Warsaw on Indiana 15.

Saturday night visitors will find light mountain melodies played by string
musicians who weave some of the most authentic bluegrass to ever soothe an
Appalachian baby's soul.

"I just love jammin' with these guys," explains Lee Bradley, 30, who is a guitar
player and lead singer in the band Rural Route.

"It's learning," describes Bradley, who says that he has discovered riffs from
Appalachian music played in the Steer Inn sessions that are so old and so rare
that they are not written down, as far as he knows. These precious riffs --
repeated musical phrases -- can only be learned from musicians who play the
sounds that they gleaned from their own Appalachian heritage, handed down to
them by their mothers and fathers in lullabies and songs.

"You can't hear this kind of music many places," says Lowell Dobbs. Dobbs comes
from a proud Kentucky lineage and plays acoustic rhythm and bass fiddle.

Players come from Goshen, Warsaw, Claypool, Silver Lake, Rochester and other
towns. They include David Mayhew, who has worked in a local factory for decades
and plays the guitar, harmonica, mandolin, fiddle and banjo. Chandler Shepherd,
now retired, is a lead singer and plays acoustic rhythm guitar. Carolyn Davis is
an office clerk who plays bass guitar and bass fiddle, and her husband, John
Davis, Ph.D., is a college professor who plays guitar.

At the beginning of each session, eight or so players mosey into the
unpretentious makeshift "band room." On this night, the music starts when
Shepherd gently nudges the group, sitting in a loose circle, by choosing a tune
and leading it off with his strong tenor voice.

And then the magic happens: Players join in and the tunes continue -- bluegrass
with some gospel and country songs, such as "Rolling In My Sweet Baby's Arms,"
"Dark Hollow" and "Don't Give Your Heart to a Rambler." Each is decorated with
tinkling, intricate notes of mandolin, guitar and fiddle.

'Round about eight o'clock, Bradley comes to play, and the bluegrass steps up to
break-neck speed. The musicians begin playing and singing the gospel song "I Saw
the Light." Then the vocals fade out completely and the instruments take over
with racing intricate patterns and individual improvisations woven in and out of
the initial theme, reminiscent of an Appalachian quilt of many colors.

An hour of fast picking later, the players forge renditions of the gospel songs
"Amazing Grace" and "Mansion Over the Hilltop" that include bluegrass
variations. Every song is different because the players freely experiment with
the music by improvising and trading instruments, naturally and good-naturedly.

"Mercy!" exclaims Shepherd when they finish a piece.

"Burn it up!" quips Bradley.

At the height of the session, more than a dozen players are contributing. Then,
as the night goes on, the numbers wane until only two or three regulars are left
to turn out the lights until next week's jam.

Acceptance, support and the spirit of camaraderie are what Mayhew likes best
about playing at the Steer Inn.

"We all try to help each other learn to play these instruments," he says.

The person who makes it possible is quiet, down-to-earth Steer Inn owner Clyde
Arnett, who plays the fiddle, guitar, mandolin, banjo and dobro. In 1990, Arnett
purchased the Steer Inn and converted it from a livestock sale barn with a
dining room, to a warehouse, restaurant and a stage for musicians.

Arnett is an avid student of bluegrass music and string instruments.

"I like to learn. I want to learn all I can about all the instruments," explains
Arnett, who began playing strings eight or nine years ago and who makes it clear
that the Steer Inn gatherings are open to players of all levels of musical
skill.

He says that the sessions are designed for people to learn music from each other
by watching, listening and playing together.

"We've had some super musicians here," Arnett says. "A lot of people that play
here could be professionals."

In fact, some are. Lee Bradley plays venues with his band and currently has two
singles on a local FM station. A "high octane" lead picker named Bill (who
prefers not to give his last name) has played professional guitar. And singer
Chandler Shepherd played in a professional country music band for 20 years.

The Steer Inn musical gathering is a place where everyone is welcome to enjoy
Appalachian melodies. It's a place where you can let the layers of mountain
music surround you and fill you.

"It's a place where you can relax and be yourself," Dobbs says.

And that's the kind of treasure that comes straight from the heart.


LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Clyde Arnett plays his banjo during one of the Saturday night bluegrass
jams at his Steer Inn restaurant and warehouse on Indiana 15 south of Warsaw.
Tribune Photo/CARRIE VRABEL; A recent Saturday night gathering of bluegrass
musicians at the Steer Inn near Warsaw includes, from left, John Davis of
Warsaw, Chandler Shepherd of Silver Lake, Randy Napier and Clyde Arnett of
Claypool.  Tribune Photo/JIM LEMLER

                 Copyright 2003 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                           September 9, 2004 Thursday

Finger-pickin' good

BYLINE: KATHLEEN DEELY, Sun Staff

SECTION: ON THE COVER

LENGTH: 606 words


http://media.mnginteractive.com

It's the 25th anniversary of the Banjo and Fiddle Contests at Boarding House
Park, in Lowell, which draws players and listeners of all ages.

LOWELL Starting out on a string and a prayer, the Annual Banjo and Fiddle
Contests turn 25 this weekend not bad for an idea dreamed up by a fiddle
player-turned park ranger.

When Alex Demas, one of the first rangers at Lowell National Historical Park,
envisioned a contest free of the favoritism he experienced at fiddle showdowns,
Boarding House Park was a rubble-strewn lot and the Lowell Summer Music Series
years away from inception.

Now it anchors the outdoor concert series like a juicy treat at the end of a
great meal.

Attracting around 1,500 people, from 4-year-olds to octogenarians, the banjo and
fiddle festival has persevered not because it draws big names to town, but
because of its spirit. And if you amble by Boarding House Park on Saturday
you'll hear it.

"Jam sessions break out all around; that's what gives it its flavor," said
Demas, sitting under a tree at Boarding House Park last week.

The event for both amateurs and masters has a folksy, anything-goes atmosphere,
with fiddlers and banjo players pickin' themselves silly around the Boott Mills.
Starting at 10 a.m. and going till 6 p.m., the contests will fill the air with
all kinds of banjo and fiddle styles.

Workshops kick things off at 10. The contests, judged by master fiddle and banjo
players Andy Woolf and Don Pedi, begin at noon.

Competing in categories such as bluegrass fiddle, old-time banjo, ethnic fiddle
and classical styles, players will demonstrate that these string instruments are
not one-trick ponies. The uplifting lilt of a banjo and friendly crack of a
fiddle are more than mountain music, according to Demas.

"Other events just focus on bluegrass. But these instruments are ethnocentric.
They can be Cajun, Romanian, French-Canadian. But there's usually no place for
these kinds of styles in other contests. That's why I love it," said Demas.

Woolf, a longtime judge from Brentwood, N.H., said the kinship the festival
fosters has made it a favorite among pickers.

"It has the nature of a ritual. For people who live for this music, it's another
way to enjoy each other's company," he said.

The players' community that descends on Boarding House Park year after year is
as welcoming to neophytes as it is to seasoned tunesmiths. In workshops and
impromptu jam sessions, a beginner may unbuckle a fiddle out of its case for the
first time.

"This is a chance for beginners to play in front of people and be applauded,"
said Woolf.

For many would-be fiddlers coming to the festival for encouragement, the first
step is just carrying the instrument around, said Demas.

"As time goes by, they will take it out of its case," he said.

Arcane versions of banjos and fiddles are part of the contest. A man from
Jamaica Plain who plays a gourd is expected to return, and cigar box banjos will
be sold.

The fact that the contest falls on Sept. 11 shouldn't dampen the crowds, said
Demas.

"It's a tough time to have it on the anniversary of 9/11, but since it's
juxtaposed with the contest, it's a good way to spend the day. This music
emanates from your whole life. That's what it's all about," said Demas.

The Annual Banjo & Fiddle Contests take place from 12 to 6 p.m. on Saturday.
Workshops begin at 10 and registration is at 11 a.m. Boarding House Park, French
Street, Lowell. The event has never been rained out, but should that happen, it
will be held at Lowell High School.

Kathleen Deely's e-mail address is kdeely@lowellsun.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc.

                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             April 5, 2007 Thursday

Fiddler Eileen Ivers to perform at MWCC

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: NIGHTLIFE; Entertainment

LENGTH: 325 words


GARDNER -- Tickets are on sale for a special May performance by renowned fiddler
Eileen Ivers and Immigrant Soul at Theatre at the Mount, located in the Raymond
M. LaFontaine Fine Arts Center at Mount Wachusett Community College's main
campus.

Tickets for the May 5 performance are $35 each, with a $2 online service charge.
Tickets may be purchased at the Theatre at the Mount box office, 444 Green St.,
Gardner, and online at www.mwcc.edu. Proceeds will benefit Theatre at the Mount.

Eileen Ivers has established herself as the pre-eminent exponent of the Irish
fiddle in the world today. Her long list of accomplishments include being a
nine-time All-Ireland Fiddle Champion and musical star of "Riverdance," and
performing with the London Symphony Orchestra, the National Symphony at The
Kennedy Center, the Boston Pops and The Chieftains.

"She electrifies the crowd with a dazzling show of virtuoso playing ... then she
focuses her attention outwards to the audience, who shout and cheer and answer
her calls in a deafening chorus," wrote Mary O'Malley of The Irish Times.

The daughter of Irish immigrants, Ivers grew up in the culturally diverse
neighborhood of the Bronx, N.Y. Rooted in Irish traditional music since the age
of eight, she proceeded to win nine All-Ireland fiddle championships, a tenth on
tenor banjo and over 30 championship medals, making her one of the most awarded
persons ever to compete in these prestigious competitions.

In 1999, Ivers established a touring production to present the music which now
encompasses Eileen Ivers & Immigrant Soul. This mix of African and Latin
percussion and bass, Irish instrumentalists, and American soulful vocals
headlines major performing arts centers, guest stars with numerous symphonies,
performs at major festivals worldwide and has appeared on national and
international television.

This special performance at Theatre of the Mount will begin at 8 p.m. Saturday,
May 5. Doors will open at 7.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           December 7, 2005 Wednesday
                              West Volusia Edition

WORLD on a STRING Psychologist's band gigs keep him humming

BYLINE: ELIZABETH OWENS - CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; NEIGHBOR TO NEIGHBOR; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 703  words


The Florida Strings band was pickin' on the porch at Leo Salter's DeLeon Springs
home. The acoustic sounds of guitar, banjo, bass, dobro and fiddle blended into
one smooth melody after another. Salter, 58, is the band organizer and his wife
of 26 years, Evie, 57, is the band's manager, or "gig-gitter." "We get along
remarkably well and I think that's a key ingredient," said Tom Daimler of
DeLand, who plays guitar and sings vocals. "It's a fun relationship because half
the band lives in Jacksonville, so we don't get sick of each other," he joked.
After starting the band in 1996, Salter said the group suffered from rotating
musicians. But for the last five years, four members have brought stability.
Bill Hendry and Jack Piccalo are from Jacksonville. Piccalo plays banjo and
Hendry is a full-time musician and singer. He was Florida State Fiddle Champion
in 1985. Phil Morgan, Deltona, just became the fifth member of the group and
plays dobro. "A lot of people perceive (bluegrass music) as hillbilly," said
Morgan. "It's family orientated; that's what I like about it." The members come
from different musical backgrounds and play traditional bluegrass or country,
old rock 'n' roll tunes and blues. Most members have played instruments since
age 12. "The versatility of these musicians is just incredible," said Salter,
who plays bass and sings. Because bluegrass music is never amplified, "During
the hurricanes, we were playing," Daimler said. While the group doesn't play in
bars, they made an exception when asked to perform at the Turkey Run Music
Festival on Nov. 25-26 at the Boothill Saloon in Daytona Beach, because it's
famous. "I like playing, I'm not sure I like the limelight," Salter confessed.
Salter's mother was a piano teacher, his father played piano, his sister was a
singer and his brother taught himself piano in Decatur, Ga., where the family
lived. Salter didn't like the piano, so he taught himself to play guitar and
formed a quartet that sang together through high school. In college, Salter
formed a "prom" band called the Saints, he said. They played dance tunes for
senior dances in Florida, Tennessee and Georgia. In his youth, Salter said, he
wrote songs with other musicians in Atlanta and recorded with people who later
became famous, such as Ray Stevens. But Salter took a 20-year detour from music
when he decided to continue with college to receive his doctorate degree. In
1976, he began a career as a psychologist. Salter said that most clinical
psychologists are sentimental types, sensitive and have tender thoughts. "And
that's what music is, very tender and very meaningful. I think (playing
bluegrass) fits right in," he said. "It's a perfect fit. I don't know any
psychologists who are not music lovers." During his youth, Salter thought
Daytona Beach was the greatest place in the world when he visited for Spring
Break, so he was elated when the Florida Strings played the Bandshell about
three years ago. While performing before a big crowd, he thought, "This is good,
this is a very good thing." He never would have imagined having that experience
as a teenager. Salter and his wife purchased their 43-acre farm over 20 years
ago when it was raw land. For 15 years, Salter has bred and trained pacers and
trotters on the farm for racing. "We've had horses all of our lives. I like
four-legged children," said Salter. Salter said he's also channeling his
creative nature into writing two novels. When in a sentimental mood, Salter
plays the flute. Saxophone, bass and guitar are his other instruments. "So many
tunes and so little time," said Salter.Contact the writer at
elizabethowens3@yahoo.com Meet Leo SalterAge: 58.Occupation: Chief clinical
psychologist for Act Corp.Born: Atlanta, Ga.Volusia County: Resident of DeLeon
Springs more than 20 years.Favorite movie: "The Yearling" starring Gary Cooper
or "Raiders of the Lost Ark" starring Harrison Ford.Favorite song: Exemplifying
his philosophy, "Don't Worry, Be Happy" by Bobby McFerrin and the hymn "Amazing
Grace" by John Newton and William Cowper.Biggest regret: "Didn't continue with
music from an early age."Favorite food: "Foie gras and escargot."Favorite book:
"To Kill A Mockingbird" by Harper Lee.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: The Florida Strings, from left Phil Morgan, dobro
Jack Piccalo, banjo
Leo Salter, bass
Tom Daimler, guitar
and Bill Hendry, fiddle, practice at Salters DeLeon Springs home. Neighbors/
ELIZABETH OWENSPhoto 2: Leo Salter

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2005 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2005 News-Journal Corporation

                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Stop Fretting; Fiddle foes join forces

BYLINE: Stephanie McKay, The Starphoenix

SECTION: ARTS &; LIFE; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 964 words


Though players come from every province and territory, the Canadian fiddle
community is surprisingly tight-knit. Members of the multi-city group The
Fretless are former competitors who joined forces to perform and record fiddle
music of all genres.

The group, which includes former Saskatonian Karrnnel Sawitsky, won the 2012
western Canadian Music Award for Instrumental Album of the Year and the 2012
Canadian Folk Music Awards for Instrumental Group and Ensemble of the Year for
its debut album. The Fretless recently released its self-titled followup, which
merges the members' love of traditional fiddle tunes with classical, pop and
global sounds. There's even a Radiohead cover in there.

The Fretless also features fiddlers Trent Freeman and Ivonne Hernandez.
Vermont-born cellist Eric Wright completes the quartet.

1 Name: Trent Freeman Hometown: Courtenay, B.C. Current base: Toronto Accolades:
2012 Canadian Folk Music Award for Instrumental Solo Artist of the Year,
graduated magna cum laude from the prestigious Berklee College of Music,
five-time finalist in the Canadian Grand Masters Fiddle Championship Worst part
of competing against Karrnnel: Karrnnel was the best at Pogs. His slammer was
invincible, he was able to destroy even my best-made stack and take a ... wait,
you mean in a fiddle contest don't you? Best part about playing with Karrnnel:
On stage I often find myself deep in a musical conversation with Karrnnel, that
takes a new direction with every performance. He keeps my mind engaged and we
take these opportunities to challenge each other to grow.

Worst part of competing against Ivonne: Finding ways to cry discretely.

Best part about playing with Ivonne: Ivonne knows how to light up a stage. It's
fun to play beside her and grab onto some of the energy she emits.

2 Name: Ivonne Hernandez Current base: Victoria Accolades: Five-time Grand North
American Fiddle Champion; performed with Gloria Estefan, Alan Jackson, U2's the
Edge and more; attended Berklee on scholarship and graduated in three years at
the top of her class with dual majors in violin performance and music business
management.

Worst part of competing against Karrnnel: He was always such a solid competitor
and a great player and everyone loved him. He was Saskatchewan's golden boy, so
he'd always make me nervous because he was so good! But, being the B.C. girl I
had to be better than the boys. I'm pretty sure I always kicked his butt! Best
part about playing with Karrnnel: He's such a great musician and is always up
for playing a tune or trying something new and learning. Because he's so rooted
in traditional old-time fiddling, he's really great at bringing us back to our
roots with tunes and little musical challenges within our arrangements or solos.
He's also a great prankster, often writing our set list in riddles.

Worst part of competing against Trent: He was really good, but I also taught him
when

he was younger, so it was a bit funny for me sometimes to watch as he grew up
and closed the gap where we were competitors and friends instead of this kid
that was really good that I taught. He did beat me once. I was so proud of him,
though! Best part about playing with Trent: He lives and breathes music and
innovation and hears things that others might not notice. He always has really
cool ideas for tunes and chords and arrangements. He's also hilarious, so
whether we were hanging out in Boston as roommates or travelling together 24/7
around the world, he always finds the humour in situations.

3 Name: Karrnnel Sawitsky Hometown: Saskatoon Current base: Toronto Accolades:
Five-time Canadian Folk Music Award nominee, one of three artists shortlisted
for the Saskatchewan Lieutenant Governor's 30 Below Award, four-time
Saskatchewan fiddle champion and a finalist in both the Canadian National Fiddle
Championship and the Grand North American Fiddle Championship while still in his
teens.

Worst part of competing against Ivonne: Listening to her try to spell my name
year after year ... OK, that is not the whole truth. The worst part was really
also the best part; pushing each other to play the best we could at every
competition. Another one of the worst parts of competing against her was losing
to her once in a while. Yes that still stings, but not a Sriracha in the eyes
type of sting; rather more like a Stamkos not able to play with Team Canada in
Sochi type of sting. Ivonne and I actually wrote a tune together called No Good
Notes when we were 13 or 14 at a fiddle contest in Govan.

Best part about playing with Ivonne: Sharing the stage with someone that you
used to compete against all those years ago. Now that we play together in The
Fretless, it is really an honour to push ourselves in our performance as a band.
We all grow and learn from each other. It is really great to share the stage
with Ivonne and point out facts about her that are surprising and borderline
shocking. One particular glaring example is that she has not seen the movie The
Princess Bride.

Worst part of competing against Trent: Hearing him get better and better and
somehow never get older. It seemed like every year when I saw him at the Grand
Masters competition in Ottawa, he was always 12 and I was 19 and aging every
year. It was also not terrific to lose to Trent once in a while, but my
selective memory recalls competitive camaraderie. There was always a jam at the
end of the contests.

Best part about playing with Trent: Learning where his fiddle playing and
musicianship continually grows to. It is remarkable for me to see how much work
Trent puts into his craft as a musician and I find it inspiring. Also, it is
really great to watch his music faces when he is playing. Once in a blue moon,
it's like a Don Messer version of a John Mayer face. Truly entertaining.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / From left, Ivonne Hernandez, Karrnnel Sawitsky, Trent Freeman and
Eric Wright are The Fretless.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved

                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              March 3, 2014 Monday

Maine-Maritime connection explored by Bangor folk rock band the Galley Rats

BYLINE: Emily Burnham BDN Staff

LENGTH: 565 words


The connection between Maine and Canada's Maritime provinces goes far beyond the
busloads of folks from New Brunswick who come to Bangor to shop. It's a cultural
thing, from our winter weather hardiness, to our shared ancestries, often French
and Celtic, to our musical tastes.


Violinist and singer Colin Graebert, one-fourth of the Bangor-based Celtic rock
band the Galley Rats, finds lots of inspiration in Canadian music, such as the
traditional music of Nova Scotia's Cape Breton Island, and the popular
Newfoundland folk-rock band Great Big Sea.


"When I first started playing violin when I was nine or ten, I had a conductor
who had us play a four song fiddle set with the Bangor Youth Ensemble," said
Graebert, 29. "I just fell in love with the music. I started playing at
contradances and doing fiddle competitions and going to fiddle workshops. It
really inspired me."


The Galley Rats -- the current incarnation of which is set to perform on
Saturday, March 15, at Feile Pub in Wells, on St. Patrick's Day on Monday, March
17, at Paddy Murphy's in Bangor, and on Saturday, March 22, at Nocturnem
Drafthaus in Bangor -- technically first were formed in 2008. Graebert and his
former roommate, guitarist and songwriter Seth Grondin, would sit around their
living room, playing folk songs, Celtic songs -- whatever sounded good on guitar
and violin. That developed into the first incarnation of the Galley Rats, which
played around the Bangor area for about a year.


Grondin moved away, however, and the band fell mostly dormant for a few years.
In 2010, Graebert, also an accomplished jazz pianist and musical theater
accompanist, met guitarist Pat Sylvia and drummer Drew Albert while the three
were in the pit band for the University of Maine's production of "Hair." They
found many musical similarities between the three of them.


"For this kind of music, the vocal work is just as important as the
instrumentation," said Graebert. "You've got to be able to sing, to harmonize,
to really bring that element just as much as the instrument you're playing."


Along with bassist Caleb Sweet, the new version of the Galley Rats debuted in
2012, and has since expanded its reach to include the entire state, playing pubs
and venues from Wells to Bar Harbor. Graebert would love to take the band into
New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, but has found that work visa requirements are a
bit daunting for four guys who just want to play a few shows in Saint John or
Halifax. The band is working on an album of all original material, which they
hope to release in the fall.


Graebert finds that their style of music appeals to a broad array of listeners
-- from traditional Celtic fans to those who prefer a little more rock in their
folk music. The Galley Rats played a well-received set at the Maine Celtic
Celebration in Belfast last summer, to a mixed crowd; they will return for the
2014 festival for multiple sets throughout the weekend.


"It's a real split. We have folks that love both elements of it," said Graebert.
"I think the biggest thing about this kind of music is that it's just a lot of
fun to listen to, to sing along to, and to drink to. There's a reason it's
stayed alive all these years, in Ireland, in Canada, in New England and beyond.
It's as fun to hear as it is to play."


Emily Burnham may be reached at eburnham@bangordailynews.com Check out her blog
at cultureshock.bangordailynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News

                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Rhode Island: Local Brew Fiddle n Folk Festival

LENGTH: 114  words

DATELINE: Providence


Rhode Island Tourism, The State of Rhode Island has issued the following news
release:


Local Brew Fiddle n Folk Festival
Haines Park
September 15, 2013
10:00 Workshops, Noon-6PM Music Performances
Free Admission
supported by
Rhode Island Statewide Council on the Arts
Fiddle workshops kick off the day with the first offered by Michelle Kaminsky &
Rachel Panitch. Register for both workshops by emailing Sydney at
sydney_mike@fullchannel.net Music Starts at noon, as well as craft vendors, food
trucks and kids activities. https://www.facebook.com/#!/events/135008550042876/
Haines Park
Haines Park Rd
Barrington, Rhode Island

For further information please visit: http://www.visitrhodeisland.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 19, 1995 Friday

BYLINE: VICKI VOSKUIL, Tribune Staff Writer

LENGTH: 246 words


Dance halls thrived on oldtime fiddle and accordian music. Visitors to the
International Peace Garden's Old-time Fiddlers Contest June 9-10 will get both
at the 20th annual competition.

Myron Floren, famous accordianist with the Lawrence Welk Orchestra, performs a
benefit concert June 9 at 8 p.m. in the Peace Garden's Masonic Memorial
Auditorium. Admission is $6. Floren sponsors a scholarship at the International
Music Camp, held summers at the International Peace Garden near Dunseith. He's
contributing his talent to bolster attendence at the fiddle contest, which lost
money last year for its International Music Camp sponsor. But the contest's
future is not secure. No money exists for advertising, Alme said. The camp
offers free recitals to the public, only charging admission for the fiddle
contest. The event attracts 60-70 competitive fiddlers from up to 10 states and
Canadian provinces. New this year is a fiddle school and workshop on June 7-8
sponsored by the International Music Camp. Instructor is Lady Fiddle Champion
Carol Ann Wheeler, Sherwood, Ore., an international competitor with four solo
albums. Intermediate and advance players of all ages may enroll for a $50 fee.
Fiddle contest judges are Wheeler, Jimmie Tengesdal, Minot, and Mel Bedard,
Selkirk, Manitoba. Nearly $3,000 in cash prizes will be awarded. For
information, call 838-8472 or write International Music Camp, 1725 11th St. SW,
Minot, N.D. 58701 before June 1. After June 1 call 263-4211.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1995 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Young bluegrass musician is self-driven

BYLINE: Suzi Bartholomy, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 491 words


Aug. 23--A common trait of successful people is a "ferocious drive and hunger
for success," according to best-selling business author Bernard Marr.

Annabelle Watts, 11, seems to have that quality.

When she was 7 years old, she found her mother's violin in the basement of their
home and told her parents she wanted to learn to play it.

Shortly after, Annabelle began taking fiddle lessons from Randy Lanham, the
educational director for the International Bluegrass Music Museum and a founding
member of the Lanham Brothers Jamboree at Diamond Lake Resort.

Annabelle also plays the banjo, guitar and mandolin, and clogs and sings.

The College View Middle School student recently won first place in the fiddle
competition in her age group at the Indiana State Fair.

She's been competing since she was 9 and has placed in state competitions in
Oklahoma, Alabama and Georgia.

She'll be performing on center stage at 6 p.m. Aug. 30 at Friday After 5 at the
RiverPark Center.

Violet and Jim Watts are supportive parents and take their daughter to
competitions, but Annabelle is self-motivated and has established her own
schedule.

She gets up at 5 a.m. to practice from 30 minutes to an hour before school and
studies with Lanham weekly.

"Every morning when I wake up, I want to play," Annabelle said.

"On Sunday, she has to hold off  to 7 or 8 so we can sleep," said Jim Watts, who
is also her manager.

"Annabelle started with the fiddle, then went to the guitar and mandolin,"
Lanham said. "She surprises me, honestly, that she can comprehend the different
techniques (so quickly). She's fun to teach.

"The sky is the limit for Annabelle, and in my mind she'll make it in some way
in the music business, whether she's an artist or playing for another singer,"
Lanham said. "There is no doubt she will grow up to be a professional musician."

Lanham said Annabelle also has something that's as important as her talent --
she's grounded.

"Something my granddad said to me was no matter how good you are, never get a
big head or act like you are better than anyone else," he said.

"Annabelle has a God-given talent," Lanham said. "There are some who are just
born that way. They can wrap their head around music easier than other people.

"Annabelle is sweet and kindhearted" as well as talented, Lanham said.

In addition to the young musician's contest awards, she's proud of the photos
she has of herself with performers at the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville. She's
pictured with the legendary Little Jimmy Dickens, bluegrass singers Rhonda
Vincent and Kati Penn, who sings her favorite song, "Water Under the Bridge."

The preteen's long range plan includes college. "If music doesn't work out, I'll
be a nurse," she said."But I'll always play music."

Suzi Bartholomy, 691-7293, sbartholomy@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2013 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130823-OW-Young-bluegrass-musician-is-self-driven-0823-20130823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2013 Messenger-Inquirer

                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 11, 2013 Wednesday

Rhode Island: 3rd Annual Fiddle N Folk Festival Sun, September 15, 12pm - 6pm

LENGTH: 87  words

DATELINE: Providence


Department of Division of Parks & Recreation, The State of Rhode Island has
issued the following news release:

3rd Annual Fiddle N Folk Festival
Sun, September 15, 12pm - 6pm
Where
Haines State Park

Calendar
Rhode Island State Parks' Events
Description
Enjoy a great variety of fiddle laced folk music, tasty local food, and arts &
crafts under the shade trees of Haines Park. Conveniently located right off the
bike path. Plenty of parking, and pets are welcome.

For further information please visit: http://www.riparks.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 27, 1995, Thursday, FIVE STAR Edition

BIG HAIR, BIG VOICE, BIG REP; REBA COMMANDS HUGE RESPECT FROM FANS AND
COLLEAGUES ALIKE

BYLINE: Chris Dickinson GET OUT Staff Writer

SECTION: GET OUT; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 614 words


I once met a female Nashville fiddle-player who was a gun-for-hire musician.
She'd racked up an impressive resume in countless road bands that backed famous
country singers. When asked who she respected most, the fiddle-player didn't
miss a beat. "Reba McEntire," she shot back.

The fiddle-player admitted she'd never much cared for all of Reba's music, but
Reba the singer could not be beat. The fiddle-player went on to say that Reba
was a feminist in the true sense - a tireless pro who made time for every
employee, right down the lowiest roadie; an accomplished singer savvy enough to
audition her own road band; a genuine supporter of other women in a sometimes
cutthroat business.

With her big hair and penchant for sequined gowns, Reba McEntire doesn't exactly
look like most people's idea of a typical feminist. Unlike progressive
country-pop types like Mary-Chapin Carpenter and Kathy Mattea, Reba doesn't
stand on a soapbox. But what she does stand on is a self-built, multi-million
dollar corporation called Starstruck Entertainment, dizzying proof that
country's biggest female superstar is no doormat.

Reba's actions speak nearly as loudly as her audacious voice. Along with her
husband/manager Narvel Blackstock, she completely controls the course of her
powerhouse career. Like Dolly Parton before her, Reba has unashamedly pursued
major pop crossover in her music and acting roles. And also like Dolly, Reba is
venerated by harried housewives looking to better their lives - and by big-city
drag queens looking for over-the-top fashion tips.

Her song choices generally tend to be a mixed bag. Reba too often chooses pop
schmaltz over substance, but when she bangs into a great tune, nobody does it
better. Her re-makes of Bobbie Gentry's "Fancy" and the Vicki Lawrence 70s hit
"The Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia" revivified the nearly lost art of the
Southern gothic epic. The video for "Is There Life Out There" captured the
frustrations of women who juggle children, a job, and education. Her Stephen
Sondheim-esque duet with Linda Davis, "Does He Love You," showcased the power of
two strong female vocalists.

Before Reba went on to one-name superstardom at her current label MCA, she
orignally recorded for the Mercury label from the mid-70s to early 80s. Mercury
recently reissued this early work on the two-CD retrospective, "Oklahoma Girl."
With down-to-earth liner notes by Country Music magazine columnist Hazel Smith,
"Oklahoma Girl" is a good place to start for those looking to hear the roots of
Reba's raising. Although there's plenty of string-laden dreck (a cover of the
treacly Jennifer Warnes hit "Right Time of the Night" is only one example),
there are also plenty of cuts that demonstrate Reba's breathtaking ability to
handle a variety of material. She soars on the countrypolitan number "I Don't
Want to Be a One Night Stand," bears down deep into Roger Miller's classic
"Invitation to the Blues," and sails through the loping, hard country gem
"Daddy," her self-penned ode to ranch life.

Today, Reba puts on a live show that is even bigger than her considerable hair.
It's the sort of Las Vegas-like spectacle that no doubt turns off those looking
for a more intimate, listening-room affair. But no matter what Reba drapes
around her, two things consistently cut through the gloss: a natural, endearing
personality, and a voice of such strength and clarity it can't be denied. Thanks
to Reba, it's okay for a true feminist to wrap herself in sequins. You go, girl.
Reba McEntire Where: Riverport Amphitheater When: 8 p.m. Saturday Opening Acts:
Toby Keityh, Rhett Atkins How Much: $ 21.50 - $ 29.50 More Info: 291-7600

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo - Reba McEntire: Her own corporation, directs her career.

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Aberdeen Evening Express

                             July 10, 2010 Saturday

BYLINE: Laurna Robertson

SECTION: FEATURES; GENERAL; Personalities; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 526 words


BRUCE Molsky is used to celebrating his birthday abroad and this year he'll be
in Aberdeen when the big day falls.

The American, who has travelled the world playing the fiddle, banjo and singing,
will be celebrating his 55th birthday on July 18.

And he'll be open to any suggestions of what to do with his special day during
his time at the North Atlantic Fiddle Convention.

"I often have my birthday when I'm travelling and any suggestions from the
audience are appreciated," said the New Yorker, who now lives in Washington DC.

"I'm always up for a few beers and if people want to bring cake along I'm the
world's biggest sweet tooth."

Bruce has played the fiddle since he was 17 and from a young age dreamed of
performing professionally.

However, he only found the courage to give it a go on his 40th birthday.

"I thought I'd give it a go for a year and here I am 15 years later. I've played
all over the world with some great artists, including Blazing Fiddles and Julie
Fowlis.

"She's a wonderful singer and I love singing in Gaelic with her even if I have
to trust what we're singing about."

Coming to the North-east and performing at the North Atlantic Fiddle Convention
is very exciting for Bruce.

"It's going to be a great festival - slightly educational but entertaining and a
social opportunity to share music."

Don't miss Bruce's events from Thursday to Sunday at venues across Aberdeen and
Aberdeenshire.

My favourite place in the world

Home, Washington DC, is the place I look forward to seeing. I've lived there
most of my adult life. Growing up in the Bronx, I love the city buzz and kids
playing on the street. I want to be in the middle of the hustle and bustle and
Washington has that in abundance. I also love the scenery, the nature and the
music of Norway. I always look forward to going back there.

My favourite place in Scotland

I love the breathtaking rolling hills of the Borders. When you are driving from
the north of England into Scotland the borders overwhelm you with their beauty.
I also love Ardgour at Fort William in the Highlands. My friend has a house
there and I enjoy walking around and soaking up the scenery.

My favourite hotel

The most memorable hotel I've stayed in was The Central Hotel in Glasgow. I
stayed there during Celtic Connections and it was pandemonium. Most of the acts
were staying there so it was a music and party centre.

My favourite restaurant

Whenever I'm in Glasgow I go to Mother India. You don't get the same quality of
Indian food in the USA. One of the best meals I've had was in The Little Owl in
Greenwich Village, New York. My friend and I walked in early enough not to need
a reservation. I had a pork chop and it was delicious.

Five things I'd take to a desert island

1 My instruments

2 My wife, Audrey

3 A master chef

4 Ingredients for the chef

5 My iPod.

My dream holiday companion

Dr Martin Luther King Jr because he remains an inspiration. He never deviated
from his message - what a beautiful message that was.

Before I die I'd like to visit ...

I'm really curious about India, the richness of the culture which isn't related
to the richness of the people. Also the amount of people there would be
fascinating.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SOAKING UP THE SCENERY: The hills of Kingairloch in Ardgour, Lochaber,
with Loch a'Choire in the foreground, a landscape Bruce Molsky finds inspiring.
I HAVE A DREAM: Martin Luther King.
MANY HAPPY RETURNS: Bruce Molsky will mark his birthday in Aberdeen.
LANDMARK: The Capitol, Washington DC.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EE


                      Copyright 2010 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Hourd reacts to epiphany

BYLINE: Paul Burch, Special to The Leader-Post

SECTION: WHAT'S ON; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 776  words


KAL HOURD

Tonight -- Saturday

The Pump Roadhouse

- - -

Things just keep getting better for Kal Hourd.

The Saskatchewan born-and-raised singer, songwriter and musician is back this
weekend in one of his favourite venues, the Pump Roadhouse in Regina.

"The Pump is an A-circuit club," says Hourd. "I've played there several times,
but this is my first three-night gig, and the first time I've headlined there.
The Pump has a tremendous crowd -- it's going to be a great show."

Joining Kal on stage will be his longtime friends and bandmates, including Pat
Allington on the fiddle. Allington was the original fiddle player for touring
band Emerson Drive before settling into family life in Regina.

"We've got a full band -- drums, bass, guitar, fiddle," Hourd says.

"The quality of musicians in Saskatchewan is incredible," he goes on, "When
Randy Travis tours Canada, for instance, his keyboard player is from Regina."

Hourd then lists numerous talented artists from around the province who are
counted on to support the big names that come through town.

"Having this much talent around the province comes back to music being real deep
in our roots," Hourd hypothesizes.

"Any artist from small-town Saskatchewan grows up singing in the church choir,"
he pauses and laughs. "Quite honestly, there isn't much else to do!"

On Dec. 29th, the emerging talent will be making a trip back home to Stockholm,
Sask., to play at the Esterhazy Motor Hotel. It will be Hourd's first trip home
to play in 15 years and a far cry from the stage of the Craven Country Jamboree
where he played this summer. Hourd is treating it as a warm-up to his recording
trip to Nashville in January.

The goal for his post-Christmas show in Esterhazy is to bring in a big enough
crowd that the hotel managers can take a well deserved New Year's Eve break.

"The response has been unbelievable so far," says Hourd.

It seems a great reward for a hard-working country singer. Hourd can be found on
stage several weekends a month, when he's not travelling the province with his
day job as an account representative for the DirectWest phone book.

"I've got a career that supports my country music habit," he grins. "I usually
play a couple of weekends a month -- sometimes I play acoustic, with just me and
my guitar on stage, and sometimes I'm on with another artist."

Things are definitely picking up for the country singer, with a series of lucky
breaks assisting his hard work and elevating his country music aspirations.

"I've always been involved in music, and I've been doing this seriously for 10
years now. My start came at age 16," he chuckles. "We snuck into the Big Valley
Jamboree but they took our beer from us at the gate. We had nothing but our
sleeping bags and some sunflower seeds -- and my guitar. We went from campsite
to campsite entertaining people, playing songs for beer.

Once I got a taste for it -- performing, that is -- I started to think I should
take it more seriously."

From singing for smuggled beers at Craven to being the 2007 Saskatchewan Country
Music Awards Rising Star winner, Hourd has come a long way. He got a big boost
in 2001, winning a contest held by radio station Country 100. The contest winner
received a new kitchen set, new countertops and -- the real prize for Kal -- an
evening's entertainment provided by Saskatchewan music staple Brad Johner.

Johner spent time with the growing Hourd family that evening and has been an
inspiration to Hourd ever since.

"That was the defining moment when I realized I needed to record an album. I've
had some great experiences since then including the SCMAs in April. Brad had
just finished winning his own awards, and was presenting the Rising Star award
-- and I won. Having him present that award to me was very cool," says Hourd.

So what's next for the SCMA 2007 Rising Star recipient?

"I'm in the process of recording and I've got people pitching me songs from
across Canada and the States. I leave for Nashville in January, and I hope to
come back with a handful of great songs," Hourd goes on. "I'm working with Ryan
Anderson of Red Door Recording in Saskatoon. He engineered the last two
Nickelback albums, and he's worked with many other big names in the industry.
I'm his first country product so I hope I can deliver for him."

Despite being a province full of talented musicians and artists, it's not every
day that people will be able to go to the 2007 CCMA's Country Club of the Year
and enjoy the 2007 SCMA Rising Star award winner. Hourd expects the atmosphere
for his first headlining gig at the Pump to be quite an experience and a great
way to warm up for his trip to Nashville and his shot at country music stardom.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Kal Hourd is ready to take the next step in his country music
career by heading to Nashville to record an album. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 24, 2007 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Buck takes a swing at finding word used to describe violinist's use of bow as
bat

BYLINE: Gene Owens

SECTION: SCIENCE & HEALTH; BUCK'S ENGLISH; Pg. 5E

LENGTH: 251 words


Earl Dobro of the Swayback Civic Orchestra heard a violinist on National Public
Radio tell an interviewer that he used his bow as a bat to hit paper balls.

Earl thought he heard the interviewer say that the violinist was using his bow
as a "fong."

He couldn't find the word in a dictionary, so he asked Buck for help.

Uncle Hadacol, who plays the fiddle, said the NPR violinist must be slap out of
his mind. A fiddle bow is expensive, even if you buy one at the flea market, so
a violin bow must be out of sight.

Uncle Hadacol has used his fiddle bow to swat away mosquitoes and an occasional
bumblebee, but only when they're interfering with his playing.

Viola Pizzacato, another civic orchestra member, told Buck that there's a thing
called a "frog" at the end of a violin bow. It's an ebony doohickey that holds
the bowstrings taut. It's also what the violinist grabs hold of when he saws the
bow across the strings.

But Buck doesn't believe that's what the interviewer was talking about.

Baseball players often practice by tossing a ball into the air and swinging at
it with a bat. This is called "fungo." Sometimes the bat they use is called a
"fungo bat" or just a "fungo."

Buck thinks the intereviewer pronounced the word with a Yankee accent, which
made it sound like "fong." But, as everyone knows, Fong was a senator from
Hawaii.

Send questions for Buck to columnist Gene Owens, 1004 Cobbs Glen Drive,
Anderson, SC 29621, or e-mail  BucksEnglish@aol.com Please let Buck know what
town you're from.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             March 4, 2010 Thursday

Zest for zydeco

BYLINE: Berkshires Week

SECTION: BWEEK

LENGTH: 275 words


Who: Cajun fiddler Mitch Reed

Genre: A member of the Grammy Award-winning zydeco band BeauSoleil, Mitch Reed
began playing fiddle when he was 15 years old. Reed has formed several notable
bands including Charivari, Tasso and The Lafayette Rhythm Devils. In 1992 his
group, McCauley, Reed and Vidrine, received the Cajun French Music Association
President's Award for Commitment to the Preservation of Traditional Cajun Music.

Reed has taught at several fiddle camps, including those hosted by Jay Ungar and
Mark O'Connor. Since 1989 he has worked with the Smithsonian Institution Office
of Folklife Programs. With BeauSoleil avec Michael Doucet he has performed on
four Grammy Nominated albums including 'Live at the 2008 New Orleans Jazz &
Heritage Festival,' which won a Grammy Award in 2009. Reed has come to the
Berkshires for a week-long residency at the Berkshire Arts and Technology
Charter Public School.

Albums: More than 20 with BeauSoleil, including: 1991 Cajun Conja 1991 DjVu 1993
La Danse de La Vie 1994 Cajun & Creole Music 1994 L' Echo 1997 L' Amour Ou la
Folie 1997 Arc de Triomphe Two-Step 2001 Looking Back Tomorrow: Beausoleil Live!

2004 Gitane Cajun 2006 Live in Louisiana 2008 Live At The 2008 New Orleans Jazz
and Heritage Festival 2009 Alligator Purse Upcoming performance: Bounti-Fare
Restaurant in Adams with local musicians Where: Saturday at 8 p.m.

Admission: $15, or $20 at the door.

Information: For tickets, call BArT at (413) 743-7311, ext. 532 or visit either
Charles Phykitt Insurance Agency on Main Street in North Adams or the Daily
Grind on Park Street in Adams. Proceeds from the performance support BArT's arts
programs.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mitch Reed, shown here on standing bass with BeauSoleil, will perform
on Cajun fiddle.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday

Florida: Legendary Grammy-Winning Asleep at the Wheel to Perform At Seminole
Casino Hotel May 27

LENGTH: 255  words

DATELINE: New York



 Fort Myers Beach: Town Fort Myers Beach, The State of Florida has issued the
following news release:



   Western swing giants Asleep at the Wheel will bring their hit music to
Seminole Casino Hotel Immokalee on Saturday, May 27 at 8 p.m. Tickets cost $25
and may be purchased at the casino or by phone at 800-218-0007. Attendees must
be 21 years of age or older.





 Asleep at the Wheel was founded in 1970 by Ray Benson in Paw Paw, W. Va. Now
based in Austin, the band holds 10 Grammy awards, 20 studio albums and 20
singles on the Billboard country charts. The Grammy award-winning "Still The
King: Celebrating the Music of Bob Wills and His Texas Playboys" is the band's
most recent release (2015) and marks their third full-length Bob Wills tribute
album. Featuring 22 acclaimed collaborations, the all-star line-up includes
legends such as Willie Nelson, Merle Haggard and George Strait and newcomers
like The Avett Brothers, Amos Lee, Old Crow Medicine Show and many other fine
talents.



 Asleep at the Wheel is bringing a fresh look and sound, now traveling as an
eight-piece band. Recent additions Katie Shore (fiddle, vocals), Dennis Ludiker
(fiddle, mandolin) and Connor Forsyth (keyboard, vocals) have instilled a
newfound energy and their own unique style within the band. Asleep at the
Wheel's Texas twin fiddles and boogie piano ensure that audiences will be
dancing down the aisles and swinging all night long.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                       May 1, 2001 Tuesday Final Edition

Seldom Scene to be seen and heard: Blueberry recruits acoustic aces for 'fiddle
summit'

SOURCE: Freelance

BYLINE: Peter North

SECTION: Entertainment; Bluegrass Music; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 643 words

It may not be the biggest festival around, but the Blueberry Bluegrass and
Country Society continues to mine some of the best acoustic artists on the
continent for its annual three-day bluegrass blowout.

This year's edition runs Aug. 3-5 out at the Stony Plain Exhibition Grounds.
Festival director John Tames has completed the lineup for the festival's 15th
anniversary.

He's come up with a mix of old friends and some major headliners who have never
played the Blueberry stage before.

Leading the way is the Washington, D.C.- based group Seldom Scene. It has a
history in bluegrass music that dates back 30 years.

One would be hard pressed to find a band with deeper roots in the contemporary
bluegrass scene. The latest edition of the band released an exceptional album,
Scene It All, on the Sugar Hill label last year.

Also making her debut appearance at Blueberry will be singer-songwriter Ginger
Boatwright, an Alabama native who now lives in Alaska.

"She has to be considered one of the first ladies of bluegrass. Ginger's got
those impressive credentials working with Doug Dillard as well as Bill Monroe,
plus she's got a wicked sense of humor," says Tames, who added the lineup came
together with relatively few hitches.

Boatwright will be bringing a couple of singers in from Nashville for the
festival.

Local fiddler Tony Michael and his Foggy Minded Mountain Boys will be providing
instrumental backup for the lady who has recorded for the Flying Fish and
Rounder labels.

The Canadian contingent reflects the acoustic music scenes from all across the
nation. Crooked Stovepipe is coming from Newfoundland, Keystone Bluegrass will
represent Manitoba, and the Lakeside Ramblers hail from Burns Lake, B.C.

Fans of the hardcore, traditional bluegrass sound will gravitate to the Liberty
Bluegrass Band out of Texas, and the one-two punch of Jerusalem Ridge and Calvin
Vollrath gives Blueberry a strong local presence. Jerusalem Ridge will also be
working with former Kentucky Colonel Leroy Mack at the festival.

"There's an impressive bunch of fiddle players booked this year, so we've also
planned a fiddle summit on the mainstage. We've got Calvin and Tony, Alfie and
Byron Myhre plus two of the guys from Crooked Stovepipe. I'd like to see them
take us through all the fiddle styles from cajun to Metis, bluegrass, old time
and maritime," added Tames, who will also be programming a Sunday Morning Gospel
show and various workshops.

Seldom Scene continues the impressive string of American greats who have dazzled
Blueberry audiences over the past eight years. Bill Monroe, J.D. Crowe and the
New South, the Del McCoury Band, John McEuen, Claire Lynch, The Laurel Canyon
Ramblers and Mac Wiseman are some of the high-profile acts that have helped
Blueberry see an annual increase in attendance.

Seldom Scene is led by founding member Ben Eldridge (banjo and guitar), who took
over that role when John Duffy, the guiding force of the band passed away in
'96. Working with Eldridge is mandolinist Lou Reid, a veteran of Vince Gill and
Ricky Skaggs road bands, who is doing his second stint with the Scene. Dudley
Connell, formerly of the Johnson Mountain Boys, is the guitarist. The bassist is
Ronnie Simpkins, a onetime member of the acclaimed Tony Rice Unit. Dobro player
Fred Travers rounds out this group that grew out of The Country Gentlemen in
'71.

An earlier edition of the Seldom Scene appeared only once in Edmonton in the
early '90s at the Edmonton Folk Festival, when John Starling, Eldridge, Duffy
and bassist T. Michael Coleman turned in a memorable mainstage show.

Ticket and package information as well as orders for Blueberry Bluegrass
Festival can be obtained by phoning 1-800-JAMMING and you can also go to the
festival website, www.blueberrybluegrass.com for additional updates and
schedules.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Supplied photo; Seldom Scene has amassed three decades of
bluegrass expertise. Photo: File Photo; Edmonton's own Jerusalem Ridge wins new
fans with each outing. Photo: File Photo; Fiddle sharpie Calvin Vollrath Photo:
File Photo; Keystone Bluegrass Quartet

TYPE: Column

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            October 28, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

OConnor fiddles with his gypsy style

BYLINE: RICK de YAMPERT - ENTERTAINMENT WRITER

SECTION: SECTION E; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 823  words


People are going to call violinist Mark OConnor a liar.

Ive tried something risky throughout my playing life Ive never over-practiced,
OConnor says during a phone interview from his new Manhattan home, as he
prepares to bring his Hot Swing Live Tour to Ormond Beach next week. Never
over-practiced? For anyone whos heard the 44-year-old wizard whip a fiddle into
a frenzy, such a statement is akin to claiming the pope isnt Catholic.

Believe it or not, Ive done that intentionally since I was 13 years old, O
Connor says, the aw-shucks in his mild-mannered voice revealing more of his days
in Nashville than his childhood roots in Seattle. I had this sort of concept
going he chuckles in that I felt I was such a natural player, that I was going
to preserve the natural quality of my talent, my playing, and then really amp up
my efforts in study in other areas.

So, when a lot of people thought I was practicing fiddle tunes all day at age
15, I was actually taking keyboard theory, private voice lessons, percussion and
so forth. I became a very accomplished musician, but I didnt necessarily wear
out that violin fingerboard. Music fans may disagree. As a pre-teen, OConnor
caught the attention of Texas-bred fiddler Benny Thomasson and began study with
that folk master. By the time OConnor was 13 years old, in 1974, he became the
youngest person ever to win the Grand Masters Fiddling Championship. He recorded
a couple of hot-shot, hot-pickin guitar albums, Pickin in the Wind in 1976 and
Markology in 1978. Still a teen, OConnor landed a job as guitarist and fiddler
in the band of legendary jazz violinist Stephane Grappelli. After a stint with
the jazz-rock fusion group the Dixie Dregs, OConnor became country musics most
in-demand session fiddler, appearing on over 450 albums by Randy Travis, Clint
Black, Dolly Parton and other stars. In the early 90s, he also recorded such
down-home solo albums as New Nashville Cats and Heroes. Adventurous and
ambitious, OConnor took a left turn in 1993 he boldly fused classical, jazz and
country-folk styles in his composition Fiddle Concerto. He continued such genre
cross-breeding by teaming with classical bassist Edgar Meyer and cellist Yo-Yo
Ma for two critically acclaimed, classically flavored albums, Appalachia Waltz
in 1996 and Appalachian Journey in 2000. In the past four years, OConnor has
returned to the gypsy swing style of his mentor Grappelli, recording a number of
albums in that style, including the just-released Live in New York with his Hot
Swing Trio. OConnor still remembers the first time he heard Grappelli on a
record.

It was such a unique moment a unique and new world, he says. Then I saw him in
concert very soon after that, when I was 13. I was totally riveted. His style
was hard for me to grasp at first. It seemed so unique and personal. I
auditioned for him when I was 17. It was such an amazing development for me. He
sort of sensed it, and he became my biggest violin hero in the process.

Even though Ive gone out of my way to (pay) tribute (to) Grappelli, I dont play
exactly like him. But I can embody some of the spirit and joy, I think, that he
brought. A large part of OConnors musical spirit is his incessant search for a
new challenge. With six concertos to his credit, hes about to venture into
composing his first symphony. So far, he is only formulating some ideas that are
way back on the back burner, but a consortium of 30 to 40 orchestras have
committed to performing the work during a premiere season, he says. Also, hes
forming a new trio composed of violin, piano and cello in addition to the two
groups he currently performs with: his hot swing ensemble and the Appalachia
Trio. And he soon will be touring and collaborating with one of the great
violinists of our era Anne Akiko Myers. More evidence of his thirst for new
challenges came with the release of the two-CD set Thirty-Year Retrospective in
2003. Most musicians would have been content to compile a retrospective from
past recordings. Not OConnor.

I almost did that, he says. Record companies were looking at that. And I
thought, Wait a minute Ive got a better idea. His idea re- record his favorite
works for the compilation.

I felt like I could equal and top a lot of those performances, OConnor says. I
love the challenge of trying to give my best. For his hot swing concerts
Thursday and Nov. 4 at the Ormond Beach Performing Arts Center, OConnor will be
joined by bassist Jon Burr, guitarist Bryan Sutton, guitarist Howard Alden and
vocalist Roberta Gambarini. If You GoWHO: Mark OConnors Hot Swing Live
Tour.WHEN: 7:30 p.m. Thursday and Nov. 4. Also, OConnor will give a pre-concert
talk from 6:30 to 7 p.m. Thursday only.WHERE: Ormond Beach Performing Arts
Center, 399 N. U.S. 1, Ormond Beach.TICKETS: $39, available at the Central
Florida Cultural Endeavors office, 212 S. Beach St., Daytona Beach, and at the
door on performance nights.INFORMATION: (386) 257- 7790.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Mark OConnors ready to bring his Hot SwingLive Tour to Ormond
Beach Thursday and Nov. 4at the Ormond Beach Performing Arts Center.Central
Florida Cultural Endeavors

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2005 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2005 News-Journal Corporation

                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Graham Leader (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 30, 2009 Friday

The Graham Leader, Texas, North Texas Tales column: North Texas tales --
Fiddling around

BYLINE: Gay Schlittler Storms, The Graham Leader, Texas

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 708 words


Oct. 30--This old pioneer story about a young Texas fiddler has been told around
many campfires. The story is right out of the "Twilight Zone."

Adam Gimble didn't reach his 16th birthday because of the bite from a
rattlesnake. But folks say that Adam died from the bites of more than 100
rattlesnakes. This is how he fiddled where he didn't belong.

Gimble liked to practice his fiddle in the barn, and folks came by the wagon
loads on Saturdays to dance to his music. Sometimes he played the fiddle all
night long, and people danced till dawn.

One day a stranger dressed in black and riding a black horse rode into town.
Folks noticed the faint whiff of sulphur about him. He walked straight to the
local cafe and asked to hear the Gimble boy play his fiddle. Folks urged him to
come to the Saturday dance and hear him there. The mysterious stranger's gloom
provided a sharp contrast to the happy dancers. He stood in the corner and
stared poisonously at the young fiddler. Folks noticed him -- that and the nasty
sulphur smell.

The stranger wasted no time in making fun of Gimble the next morning in the
cafe. He said their little town might think the boy was a good fiddler, but in
the East, there was far better music. Gimble heard every insulting word. His
pride was terribly hurt.

"I'll bet you can't charm a rattlesnake with your music," said the stranger.
"What's it worth to you to find out?" asked Gimble.

The stranger said he admired the teen's spunk, but Gimble had too much pride for
his own good. The man offered the teen $100 if he would play his fiddle for
rattlesnakes.

Gimble took him up on the bet and climbed up on a hill known to be full of snake
dens. He carried his fiddle and his rifle. He found a large flat rock and
started to play. Within an hour, the rattlesnakes poked their heads out of their
dens and crawled to the base of his "stage." Gimble picked up his shotgun and
blew the heads off 10 of his audience.

The stranger quickly counted out $100 in bills and rode quietly and quickly out
of town. Folks never saw him again, but they remembered his black clothes and
horse and that faint aroma of sulphur.

The next Saturday Gimble again thrilled people with the way his fingers flashed
over the fiddle. But he left the dance early and headed for the hill and his
audience of rattlesnakes. An exact repeat played out, only more snakes came out.

One summer night the largest, fattest rattlesnake Gimble had ever seen emerged
from the den. And from that snake there trailed the odor of sulpfur, but Gimble
didn't catch the significance. He only felt pride that his music had enticed
snakes from the farthest corners of the huge snake den. Dozens, then hundreds of
rattlesnakes soon followed the giant snake. Some shook their rattles, some
showed their glistening fangs. Instead of being scared of the throng of
reptiles, Gimble felt another surge of pride. His fiddle fairly smoked with his
touch, and the rattlesnakes began to sway back and forth. He felt invincible
until the moon went behind a cloud.

His fingers went numb, then his legs gave out and his arms dangled limply by his
side. His eyes drooped, and he dropped the fiddle and watched it fall into the
snakes. It was darker, and he couldn't see the snakes as they crawled up the
boulder toward him. They slithered up his legs and wrapped around his chest.They
covered every inch of his body.

Next day day the townspeople saw a horrible sight. Adam Gimble lay on his back
in the hot sun. His body was purple and swollen from hundreds of rattlesnake
bites. All around him lingered the faint aroma of sulphur.

Some Saturday evenings, when the full moon shines on that hill, you can still
hear a country fiddle tune. It may make you rock and sway, but if you smell the
faint aroma of sulphur, you had best leave. You could be fiddling around where
you don't belong.

To see more of The Graham Leader or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.grahamleader.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Graham Leader, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091030-UI-The-Graham-Leader-Texas-North-Texas-Tales-column-1030

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UI


                                 Copyright 2009

                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Wingham Advance-Times

                            March 30, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Fiddle and Step at WHT - get ready for some down home entertainment

BYLINE: Wingham Advance-Times

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 357  words


Wingham Heritage Theatre (WHT) is gearing up for the annual Fiddle and Step show
on Thursday, April 7 at 10:30 a.m. and 2 p.m., and Saturday, April 9 at 2 p.m.
One of the first harbingers of spring, Fiddle and Step has something for
everyone, young and old.

Back by popular demand is The Black Family, a group of 10 siblings who fiddle,
step, sing and play several different instruments. This talented group has one
CD under their belts and went back into the studio to record their second one in
January. Be prepared to be thoroughly entertained by this talented group.

The second half of the show will feature Dan Mighton, a 20-year-old Hanover
native whose love for the fiddle began only 10 years ago. By age 12, Mighton
placed near the top in various competitions throughout Ontario. At age 17 he
moved up to the open class and won the top title. His own composition "Stageman
Stacey's Polka" won him Canadian Tune of Choice in 2009 at the Canadian Open Old
Time Fiddle Championship in Shelburne. Mighton is also a member of the dance
band, The Revised Country Way.

Amanda MacInnes is a 10-year-old championship fiddler and stepper who will have
you tapping your toes and clapping along. She has been fiddling and step dancing
since she was four. MacInnis currently holds many double title wins from
competitions throughout Ontario as well as the 2010 double title at the Maritime
Fiddle Festival in Nova Scotia. Most recently, MacInnis was thrilled to fiddle
and step dance at Disney World in Florida with Judy's School of Dance.

Adding his mellow baritone voice to the mix is Randy Satchell, a well-known
Mitchell area country singer. Satchell has brought his warm sound to the WHT
stage on various occasions with the Barn Dance, Terry Sumsion and most recently
as part of the Larry Mercey Christmas Show. We are thrilled to have him back.

Al Alderson and Fred Lewis will join Dan Mighton backing up MacInnis and
Satchell. Add Mighton's father, John Mighton, as MC and it is the perfect mix to
keep your toes tappin' and hands clappin'.

For more information about Fiddle and Step, call the Wingham Heritage Theatre
Box Office at 519-357-4082.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Wingham Advance-Times

                            March 30, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Fiddle and Step at WHT - get ready for some down home entertainment

BYLINE: Wingham Advance-Times

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 357  words


Wingham Heritage Theatre (WHT) is gearing up for the annual Fiddle and Step show
on Thursday, April 7 at 10:30 a.m. and 2 p.m., and Saturday, April 9 at 2 p.m.
One of the first harbingers of spring, Fiddle and Step has something for
everyone, young and old.

Back by popular demand is The Black Family, a group of 10 siblings who fiddle,
step, sing and play several different instruments. This talented group has one
CD under their belts and went back into the studio to record their second one in
January. Be prepared to be thoroughly entertained by this talented group.

The second half of the show will feature Dan Mighton, a 20-year-old Hanover
native whose love for the fiddle began only 10 years ago. By age 12, Mighton
placed near the top in various competitions throughout Ontario. At age 17 he
moved up to the open class and won the top title. His own composition "Stageman
Stacey's Polka" won him Canadian Tune of Choice in 2009 at the Canadian Open Old
Time Fiddle Championship in Shelburne. Mighton is also a member of the dance
band, The Revised Country Way.

Amanda MacInnes is a 10-year-old championship fiddler and stepper who will have
you tapping your toes and clapping along. She has been fiddling and step dancing
since she was four. MacInnis currently holds many double title wins from
competitions throughout Ontario as well as the 2010 double title at the Maritime
Fiddle Festival in Nova Scotia. Most recently, MacInnis was thrilled to fiddle
and step dance at Disney World in Florida with Judy's School of Dance.

Adding his mellow baritone voice to the mix is Randy Satchell, a well-known
Mitchell area country singer. Satchell has brought his warm sound to the WHT
stage on various occasions with the Barn Dance, Terry Sumsion and most recently
as part of the Larry Mercey Christmas Show. We are thrilled to have him back.

Al Alderson and Fred Lewis will join Dan Mighton backing up MacInnis and
Satchell. Add Mighton's father, John Mighton, as MC and it is the perfect mix to
keep your toes tappin' and hands clappin'.

For more information about Fiddle and Step, call the Wingham Heritage Theatre
Box Office at 519-357-4082.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Wingham Advance-Times

                            March 30, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Fiddle and Step at WHT - get ready for some down home entertainment

BYLINE: Wingham Advance-Times

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 357  words


Wingham Heritage Theatre (WHT) is gearing up for the annual Fiddle and Step show
on Thursday, April 7 at 10:30 a.m. and 2 p.m., and Saturday, April 9 at 2 p.m.
One of the first harbingers of spring, Fiddle and Step has something for
everyone, young and old.

Back by popular demand is The Black Family, a group of 10 siblings who fiddle,
step, sing and play several different instruments. This talented group has one
CD under their belts and went back into the studio to record their second one in
January. Be prepared to be thoroughly entertained by this talented group.

The second half of the show will feature Dan Mighton, a 20-year-old Hanover
native whose love for the fiddle began only 10 years ago. By age 12, Mighton
placed near the top in various competitions throughout Ontario. At age 17 he
moved up to the open class and won the top title. His own composition "Stageman
Stacey's Polka" won him Canadian Tune of Choice in 2009 at the Canadian Open Old
Time Fiddle Championship in Shelburne. Mighton is also a member of the dance
band, The Revised Country Way.

Amanda MacInnes is a 10-year-old championship fiddler and stepper who will have
you tapping your toes and clapping along. She has been fiddling and step dancing
since she was four. MacInnis currently holds many double title wins from
competitions throughout Ontario as well as the 2010 double title at the Maritime
Fiddle Festival in Nova Scotia. Most recently, MacInnis was thrilled to fiddle
and step dance at Disney World in Florida with Judy's School of Dance.

Adding his mellow baritone voice to the mix is Randy Satchell, a well-known
Mitchell area country singer. Satchell has brought his warm sound to the WHT
stage on various occasions with the Barn Dance, Terry Sumsion and most recently
as part of the Larry Mercey Christmas Show. We are thrilled to have him back.

Al Alderson and Fred Lewis will join Dan Mighton backing up MacInnis and
Satchell. Add Mighton's father, John Mighton, as MC and it is the perfect mix to
keep your toes tappin' and hands clappin'.

For more information about Fiddle and Step, call the Wingham Heritage Theatre
Box Office at 519-357-4082.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

Ohio: Award-Winning Duo Simple Gifts Brings Ethnic Folk Music to Ashland

LENGTH: 481  words

DATELINE: Columbus


Ashland University, The State of Ohio has issued the following News release:

The 35th annual Ashland University Spectrum Series continues its season of
eclectic music genres with the award-winning ethnic folk duo Simple Gifts
performing a live concert at the Jack and Deb Miller Chapel on Saturday, Jan.
31, at 7:30 p.m. The duo will also present two free workshops on Friday, Jan.
30.

Linda Littleton and Karen Hirshon plus 10 instruments equals one good time when
Simple Gifts takes the stage. Drawing on an impressive variety of ethnic folk
styles, this award-winning duo plays everything from Irish jigs and American
reels to Klezmer freilachs, Gypsy melodies Balkan dance music,  Scandinavian
twin fiddling, and original compositions.

Combining tradition with innovation, Simple Gifts creates some of the finest
arrangements in folk music today: swing fiddle creeps into a Romanian dance,
spoons show up in an Irish reel, and a traditional West Virginia tune is
enhanced by a Turkish drum and Indian shruti box. Based in the hills of central
Pennsylvania, Littleton and Hirshon switch with ease among fiddle, mandolin,
banjo, recorders, bowed psaltery, hammered dulcimer, baritone fiddle, guitar and
percussion.

Simple Gifts is well-known for their outgoing stage presence, which is warm,
personal and accented with humor. These women deliver their music with rare
intensity and contagious enthusiasm. It's obvious that Simple Gifts loves the
music they play and knows how to share their excitement with the audience.

To purchase concert tickets, contact the Ashland University Box Office by phone
at 419-289-5125, or in person in the lobby of Hugo Young Theatre located at the
corner of College Avenue and Grant Street. Hours are Monday through Friday, 12
to 6 p.m. Tickets are also available on-line at www.ashland.edu/tickets where
additional fees apply. Single tickets for the concert are $15 for adults; $12
for senior citizens, non-Ashland University students, University alumni, faculty
and staff; $10 for groups of 10 or more; and $5 for Ashland University students
with ID.

On Friday, Jan. 30, Simple Gifts will present two different workshops, which are
free and open to the public in Room 242 of the Center for the Arts. "Women and
Music" will be presented at 2 p.m. Through demonstration and discussion, they
will examine the roles of women in traditional music. In particular, they will
discuss their experience as women musicians and obstacles that women often face
in becoming professional musicians. At 3 p.m., Littleton and Hirshon will
explore "The Folk Process" in cooperation with the Ashland University Choir.
They will look at the creative process that folk musicians follow to take a
simple melody and mold it into an interesting performance piece.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                              June 15, 2012 Friday
                                   Edition 1;

Fiddlers to boost city trade to tune of £3m

BYLINE: BRENDAN McDAID

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 494 words


MUSICIANS and revellers at the North Atlantic Fiddle Convention are set to bring
a £3m economic windfall to the North West later this month.

The festival will be taking place in Londonderry and Donegal over five days from
June 27 and will coincide with Derry's Clipper Homecoming Festival.

The North Atlantic Fiddle Convention (NAFCo) will see thousands of musicians and
music lovers arriving from Canada, America, Scandinavia and the rest of northern
Europe to take part in a fiddle festival and an academic convention.

The massive event - which is being staged in Ireland for the first time this
year - will feature world-class artists and bands from Norway, Sweden, Canada,
USA, Denmark, Scotland, UK, Spain and Ireland. Around 80 people, meanwhile, have
been signed up to write academic papers as part of the NAFCo 2012 Conference,
which will take place in the University of Ulster's Magee Campus.

As well as that, more than 200 teenagers from Ireland, Canada, Sweden, Denmark
and Scotland have registered for the Fiddle Youth Camp, where the young
musicians will have masterclasses from visitors to NAFCo like Martin Hayes,
Alasdair Fraser and Liz Carroll. Three major musical pieces have been
newly-commissioned by NAFCo from Neil Martin from Belfast, Chris Stout from
Shetland and dancer Breandan de Gallai from Donegal.

Martin's 100 Fiddlers 55 Degrees North will be showcased as part of the Fiddles
on the Foyle outdoor family day at Queen's Quay on Saturday, June 30, from 12pm.

All three will be premiered at the Fiddles & Feet concert on Thursday, June 28,
at the Millennium Forum.

The festival will see the staging of an international ceili dance,
masterclasses, workshops, fiddle music films, exhibitions and talks.

Community workshops will be staged in Buncrana, Moville, Culdaff, Donegal town
and Ballybofey.

A Canada Day brunch will take place in Letterkenny, while there will be a trade
fair and a family day out in Derry, a session trail, and a festival club hosted
each night by Four Men and a Dog.

For the full programme details, visit www.nafco2012.com HIGHLIGHTS FROM THE
FESTIVAL e Wednesday, July 27 to Saturday, June 30: Millennium Forum, Derry,
3-4pm and 4.15pm to 5.15pm daily. Free workshops with Cape Breton step and
square dance, Irish set dance, Scottish ceilidh dance, Scandinavian couple and
group dances, Irish couples dance.

e Wednesday, June 27: A Feast of Fiddles, Sandinos, 8pm (£15). Acts include
Martin Hayes and Dennis Cahill, Alasdair Fraser, Natalie Haas, Eric Favreau,
Pierre Chartrand and Friends, and Four Men and a Dog.

e Thursday, June 28: Fiddle & Feet, Millennium Forum, Derry, 8pm (£15). Acts
include Frikar, Anne Conaghan, Mat Nilsson, Frank McConnell and Nic Gareiss.

e Friday, June 29: Women of the Fiddle, An Grianan Theatre, Letterkenny, 8pm
((EURO)15). Acts include The String Sisters, The Wrigleys, Nancy Kerr and Andrea
Beaton.

e Saturday, June 30: Fiddles On The Foyle family day out, Queens Quay, 12pm to
8pm (free).

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Martin Hayes and Dennis Cahill, who will play Sandinos on Wednesday,
June 27

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2012 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

Arkansas: Exploring Arkansas

LENGTH: 155  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Educational Television Network has issued the following news release:

Exploring Arkansas
Arkansas' Fiddle Queen/ Bull Shoals Eagles/ Original Duck Dynasty #1103

Monday, April 6, 06:30 pm on AETN-1 HD

Duration: 0:25:04

Description: Ninety-Eight year young Violet Hensley of Yellville was designated
as an Arkansas Living Treasure in 2004 for her fiddle playing and fiddle making
skills - she makes them in her kitchen, from scratch. During January and
February at Bull Shoals-White River State Park you can view the bald eagle
splendor there along the river by hiking one of the nature trails. The original
Duck Dynasty..contrary to what others might say- is the family of Chick Major in
Stuttgart, who began making duck calls in 1939, and whos' succeeded by one of
his daughters, who continues making the calls.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 13, 2006 Friday

APRIL VERCH;
DAYTON DEBUT IN CELTIC SERIES

BYLINE: BY CAROL SIMMONS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: GO!; Pg. GO26

LENGTH: 304 words


DAYTON - A Canadian female Celtic fiddler and step dancer is coming to town.

And her name isn't Natalie Mac-Master.

That's right. The name April Verch is on the Victoria Theatre marquee this
weekend, as Cityfolk opens its 2006-07 Celtic Series with the Dayton debut of
the heralded young performer and her band.

A native of the Ottawa Valley region of Ontario, Verch was something of a child
prodigy.

Playing traditional fiddle and classical violin, Verch earned accolades in both
arenas: joining the Deep River Symphony Orchestra at the age of 14 and winning
multiple fiddle contests throughout high school, eventually earning the top
titles of both the Canadian Grand Master and Canadian Open Fiddle championships.
She also released two albums before she'd even graduated. Nevertheless, she
forestalled a fullfledged professional career with a year of study at the
Berklee School of Music in Boston before taking off on her own.

Besides playing the traditional music of her home province, Verch is known for
forays into other ethnic and cultural repertoires, particularly Appalachian
bluegrass and folk tunes.

She's also added singing to her personal performance repertoire.

All of 27, she recently released her sixth album, Take Me Back, her third effort
for Rounder Records. The disc features some original compositions as well.

No wonder the folks at Cityfolk thought the time had come to introduce Ms. Verch
to local audiences.

CONTACT THE REPORTER at (937) 225-7309 or csimmons@DaytonDailyNews.com.

how to go

WHO: April Verch. WHAT: The opening concert of Cityfolk's 2006-07 Celtic Series.
WHEN: 8 p.m. Saturday. WHERE: Victoria Theatre, 138 N. Main St., Dayton.
TICKETS: $27, $22, $17; call (937) 496-3863.

Cityfolk's 2006-7 Celtic Series

Season tickets are $71, $58, $45; call (937) 496-3863. March 9: Karan Casey.
April 7: Lunasa.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           October 21, 2004 Thursday
                                  ROP Edition

CONCERT PREVIEW;
Pure magic: Ivers plays with joy

BYLINE: Chad Berndtson

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 912 words


The inspirational flourish clearly evident in violinist Eileen Ivers makes even
an auspicious moniker like the "Jimi Hendrix of the violin" (bestowed on her by
The New York Times) fall short of doing her justice. Her enthusiasm for playful,
virtuoso innovation is wonderfully contagious: she's the type of musician who
not only makes you think further outside the box about an instrument whose
attributes you thought you knew cold (in this case, the violin), but also forces
a reexamination of an entire root genre to which that instrument is an
fundamental element.

Ivers, who brings her eclectic band Immigrant Soul to Plymouth Memorial Hall
Oct. 29, is well known to folk enthusiasts, and also theater patrons and rock
fans, whether those groups know it or not. Among many projects, she's done long
stints as the lead violinist for stage smash "Riverdance," jammed with the
Boston Pops, toured with the Chieftains, Patti Smith, Paula Cole and Hall and
Oates, and has been the All Ireland Fiddle Champion no less than nine times.

With so much variety, Ivers has almost single-handedly reinvented the range of
the Irish fiddle by making it the centerpiece of music that takes traditional
folk attributes and mutates them into a rocking, worldbeat-tinged, heavily
percussive, experimental ensemble sound.

"I will always first and foremost bill myself as a traditional Irish fiddle
player," admits the warm and enthusiastic Ivers when asked to describe her
music. "I've been so grounded in that since I was a little kid, and it's the
true love of my musical life."

The traditional foundation is the key to how effective Ivers' music is. And
really, when dealing with any successful musician who straddles and experiments
with multiple genres and influences, there is almost always a core sound that
keeps the confluence of other ideas firmly grounded. Although Ivers' eclectic
palette spans a dazzling array of possibilities, the centuries-old strains of
the Emerald Isle will always be the common denominator.

"It's all kinds of range," she explained. "Putting roots together and making
connections, being aware of the common things between, say, Appalachian music
and traditional American roots music, and then Irish rhythms and traditions. We
really respect the tradition - we play jigs and slow airs and (incorporate)
poetry - but we hear how it can be integrated, and it doesn't dilute the core
music."

Ivers credits a variety of experiences, and some performances in particular by
other bands, for the development of her eclectic tastes.

"We played after this 10-piece African percussion ensemble," she said, recalling
a gig at a world music festival in New York. "Basically, I just put my fiddle
down and I was blown away by the sound coming from the stage - I couldn't
believe the rhythms and the textures, and how it just worked seamlessly with the
music. That's when a lot of things changed for me."

It was that sort of inspiration with which Ivers firmed up the current roster of
Immigrant Soul, which contains a variety of voices, both traditional and
progressive, not to mention long-haired, headbanging rockers and, yes, an
accompanying dance troupe - "the visual component," Ivers says.

"I did have a very good picture in a my head and in recording with these
musicians, it was easy to know what really works," she explained. "We have
players who understand that it has to swing a certain way, and when you have
players who think that way and understand the very subtle sensibilities, the
music is very natural and very honest and the audience loves it."

All in all, however, whether Immigrant Soul is tearing through its jigged-up
version of "Pachelbel's Canon," raising spirits with the gospel staple "Will the
Circle Be Unbroken," or wringing quiet devastation out of the traditional air
"Parting of Friends," Ivers just wants to make sure everyone is having a good
time.

"When you go to shows, you want to be entertained and taken on a trip," Ivers
said. "Irish music is so emotional in that it all has to be there - the lonely,
cathartic tunes and the joyous, upbeat, rocking tunes. It's great because you
give so much of yourself in a show, and everyone, older folks to little kids, is
so excited."

Again, Ivers said, the focus of many listeners' fascination is with the violin,
which she said is often misunderstood.

"One of the biggest (things) that people usually don't know the difference
between the violin and the fiddle," she said. "Why? Because the answer is there
isn't one. Yet, there's this characterization where if you play Irish music,
you're a fiddler. I think people can really see the blurred lines, though, I
mean, Itzhak Perlman calls his instrument a fiddle."

Although Ivers, who plays more than 100 shows per year with Immigrant Soul, says
her main group will remain just that (it will soon begin work on the next
album), she's ready for other projects as well, and what has her most intrigued
is the idea of a strictly traditional fiddle record. She and her husband
recently finished building a house on her father's land in Mayo, in the western
part of Ireland.

"That's the fun part of music," she enthuses. "Finding the next challenge to
really put your heart into. When your heart's in it, it really comes out."
Eileen Ivers and Immigrant Soul At Plymouth Memorial Hall, 83 Court St.,
Plymouth, 7:30 p.m., Friday, Oct. 29. Tickets $25-$30 available at the box
office or online at www.plymouthmemorialhall.com. Chad Berndtson The Patriot
Ledger

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Patriot Ledger

                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Weiser Signal American (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 17, 2015

Fiddle contest brings fiddlers, fans, money;
A study done a decade ago estimated the economic impact at about $7.5 million

BYLINE: Weiser Signal American staff

LENGTH: 904  words


The economic impact of the National Oldtime Fiddlers' Contest, an event that is
forever synonymous with Weiser, is substantial, but the numbers have not been
updated in years.

A decade ago, an analysis was done on the amount of money generated in the
community from the contest. It was estimated at that time that fiddle week and
the associated events were worth $7.5 million to the area, "so it's fairly
substantial," fiddle contest organizer Sandy Cooper said.

"I don't think anybody has done anything more recent than that," she said.

Everyone refers to fiddle week, but it really has expanded to eight days with
additional events added in the past few years, such as the banjo contest. The
banjo players will be in Weiser on June 20, and fiddle week begins on Sunday,
June 21.

This year, organizers expect 250 contestants for the National Oldtime Fiddlers'
Contest, who will bring friends and family.

The fiddle contest will also attract many thousands of fans the lovers of folk
and bluegrass, banjo, fiddle and the other downhome styles of American music.

Those contestants and visitors will need to buy groceries when they get to
Weiser. They will eat in local restaurants. Depending on how far they have
traveled, they may need other supplies or services like doing laundry or getting
a vehicle worked on.

NOTFC officials said camping spots were filling up last week. There are 325
camping spaces at Fiddletown, the grassy area at Weiser High School. Those
camping spots are typically utilized by families.

There are the lawns around Slocum Hall that will house campers and recreational
vehicles. There is some primitive camping out back in the aptly named
"stickerville," a bare patch of ground that is overgrown with weeds and
stickers.

The lodging business during fiddle week even spills over to Ontario, Ore., where
there are more motel rooms a short drive away.

Weiser has a limited supply of about 65 motel rooms, so many contestants and
visitors to the fiddle festival will camp out or stay in recreational vehicles.

Weiser Mayor Diana Thomas said the fiddle contest is "absolutely" important
economically to Weiser. She said if the city had more motel rooms the dollars
that are spent on motels and meals in Ontario could be captured locally. The
shuttle bus takes visitors around town, including downtown, so that brings some
commerce to businesses.

The tourism division of the Idaho Department of Commerce keeps track of the
spending on lodging for every Idaho county. The revenue generated by motels,
hotels and campgrounds in Weiser and elsewhere in Washington County spikes in
the month of June, which is one measure of the economic impact of fiddle week.

In June of 2012, a total of $110,070 was spent on motel rooms, commercial
camping and RV spots in Weiser and the county. The June amount was a five-fold
increase over May's figure of $24,537 that year. In June of 2013, the amount
reached $112,703. In June of 2014, the total amount spent on all accommodations
was $110,324, a more than five-fold increase from May of 2014, when a total of
$17,691 was spent.

The numbers from the state's tourism department only include commercial motel
rooms and campsites and do not include the camping areas provided by the fiddle
contest organizers.

"There is a significant impact," said Cathy Bourner, an analyst with Idaho
Tourism.

The Colonial Motel's 23 rooms are booked solid for fiddle week, said Lavenia
Ecret, who is the daughter of the owner. Many of those who will stay at the
motel are repeat customers and she looks forward to seeing her fiddle friends
again.

"It's one of the most important weeks of the year," she said.

It's not only businesses that profit from the fiddle festival, there are
nonprofits that see their coffers boosted during the week.

Pat Moore said fiddle week is important economically to the Weiser Senior
Center. The center serves breakfast every morning Monday through Saturday of
fiddle week. Last year, 1,600 hungry people took advantage of the breakfast, and
that count may be low because there were family passes issued.

The Elks Lodge on West Main Street in Weiser will be serving dinner every
evening during fiddle week. The lodge is located right across the street from
city hall.

The city will be busy this week preparing for fiddlers and fans. The city's
electric department will hook up the power supplies to the parks for vendors.
The water department is putting up signs. Each state represented at the fiddle
festival will have a flag. The street department is working on a parade entry
for Saturday,

June 27. The city also will handle the extra garbage removal generated at
Fiddletown campground and elsewhere.

Besides the economic boost, Thomas said, the fiddle festival is a great way to
bring the city together. There have been and will be many volunteers working on
the festival to make it a success and a great tourist attraction for Weiser.

"It brings the community closer," the mayor said.

There are plans in the future to bring more activities to Slocum Hall, which
will bring more visitors. The NOTFC organization has turned the old building
into a cultural folk art center and plans to hold more events there. The fiddle
organization also added a banjo camp that brings in another group of musicians
to Weiser immediately prior to the fiddle festival.

"Everybody talks about economic development, but I like to think we're doing it
in our own small way," the NOTFC's Cooper said.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEI

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 Weiser Signal American

                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              North Devon Journal

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Mountain music from gifted band

SECTION: ENTS:MUSIC; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 260  words


APPARENTLY, Furnace Mountain can count the Coen Brothers among their biggest
admirers.

Their music is at times lively and raucous, with spirited fiddle melodies
weaving in and around the powerful rhythms of the bass and bouzouki. At other
times, it is said to be poignant and poetic, with sublime vocal harmonies
beautifully interpreting some of the oldest songs ever written.

Though often overshadowed by Southwest Virginia and its famed Crooked Road, the
Shenandoah Valley and Virginia's northwestern counties have always been fertile
ground for traditional music, and they continue to be home to many of its finest
practitioners. The region is situated between the Appalachian hills of West
Virginia and the culturally diverse and ever-changing Washington, DC,
metropolitan area, and is known for producing musicians who transcend generic
categories, deftly taking traditional music styles in new directions.

Furnace Mountain, named for a mountain near where all the members grew up,
consists of some of the most innovative and gifted young musicians in Virginia.
The band includes Aimee Curl on bass and vocals, Danny Knicely on mandolin and
fiddle, Dave Van Deventer on fiddle and Morgan Morrison on guitar, bouzouki, and
vocals.

Furnace Mountain play music from the American Appalachian traditions, as well as
original compositions, and songs penned by their favourite song-writing friends.

Catch them at the Plough Arts Centre, Torrington on Saturday, October 25, 8pm.
Tickets: £13 (full), £11 (concession), £10 (Plough supporter). Box office: 01805
624624

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HOT DATE: Furnace Mountain, playing at the Plough on Saturday.
FURNACE MOUNTAIN: One of the biggest names on the US roots music circuit.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             March 11, 2013, Monday

Jam strings together diverse pickers

BYLINE: JIM BISSETT, THE DOMINION POST

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P8B

LENGTH: 886 words


MORGANTOWN - What does old-time music have to do with modern meteorology?

Put it this way: "Salt Creek" will trump road salt every time.

Which is why, despite all those dire, weatherman-warnings last Tuesday about
sleet, snow and the like, Dave Harbst did what he's done every Tuesday since
1986.

He strapped himself and his mandolin into his car and drove the 66 miles from
his home in the Pittsburgh suburb of West Mifflin to Morgantown. His
destination: WVU's Percival Hall - where there was picking to be done.

For at least the last 30 years, the building on the Evansdale campus with its
Frank Lloyd Wright architectural trappings has been home of a Tuesday night
old-time music jam session, where "Salt Creek" and other songs top the set list
every time.

Musicians, from beginner to expert, and from all walks, come to the building,
sit in a circle of chairs, call out tunes and play. There's no real structure,
save for the Percival Hierarchy of the Leg, which Harbst loves breaking down.

First, though, the music.

'The repertoire'

About 10 or so people came out to Percival last Tuesday night to sit in that
circle of chairs and play those breakdowns, fiddle tunes and waltzes, all from a
profound period in the country.

The Percival Hall Pickers play from a set list that runs from pre-Civil War farm
and hamlet to post-Depression back porch and urban migration.

You won't get a lot of sociology, but you will get music that makes you smile.

You'll get "Seneca Square Dance" back-to-back with "Salt Creek."

"The Wind that Shakes the Barley," with its Celtic lilt, gets a good workout, as
do hootenanny staples like "Rollin' in My Sweet Baby's Arms" and the big dawg,
barn-burner, itself: "Blackberry Blossom."

Everyone is welcome in the circle, from professors to child prodigies to
(relatively) late-bloomers such as Harbst. Today, he can't count the tunes he
can rake out on his mandolin, but the businessman, who will turn 70 in July,
still remembers the first one he learned.

"I didn't start playing until I was 42," said Harbst, who grew up hearing his
dad, Jim, make the strings smoke on the banjo, mandolin and fiddle. His dad was
mining from all those tunes he learned growing up in the rural northeastern
Pennsylvania, near the New York state border.

Franklin Roosevelt's Works Progress Administration helped the elder Harbst make
a living. He made his way down to Pittsburgh, to paint bridges for the Works
Progress Administration. Then, he became an iron worker. With six children to
feed, he was too busy scrapping for a paycheck to do any picking.

'That's really good'

Jim Harbst's banjo and fiddle were silent for decades, until the retired
grandfather took them up again in his 80s.

Dave Harbst, just as he did as a little boy, became a rapt listener all over
again.

"I decided I wanted to play, and Dad was getting back into it, so he gave me a
fiddle for Christmas. Well, after about three months of scratching and
screeching, I said, 'This isn't for me.' "

Try the mandolin, his dad urged. You tune it just like a fiddle.

Dave Harbst hung on, played his scales and started picking out tunes - well,
one, anyway. "She'll be Comin' 'Round the Mountain." He was so excited, he
called his dad, set the telephone receiver on the table, and played the only
tune he knew ... all the way through.

"That you?"

"Yeah, that was me."

"That's really good, son."

"Seriously?"

"Seriously."

He's been playing ever since, with Percival Hall an unwavering part of his
Tuesday night musical routine.

"It's just a great bunch of people here, and it's open everybody. Just come on
out," he said. "It doesn't matter if you're learning or if you're an expert.
It's about the music."

'Lotta notes'

Zach Fanok lifts his fiddle bow in affirmation to that.

On Tuesday night, the 26-year-old who grew up playing music in the Percival Hall
jams stopped by - "I only have about 15 minutes." That turned into a good 45
minutes, as sawed out tunes, including "Blackberry Blossom," which elicited more
than a few oohs and aahs from the circle.

"Wow," fellow fiddler Mark Jerabek said. "Lotta notes."

"Just two," Fanok replied, grinning.

"OK, Zach, you can go home now," he teased.

"I'm amazed at the history of this thing," Fanok said. "This is a little
community of people keeping this music alive. They've been doing this for longer
than I've been alive. They just keep going."

Except when it's time to stop. Which brings us to the Percival Hierarchy of the
Leg.

"A lot of times, we'll be playing and you'll see somebody's leg go up," Harbst
said. "That means, 'OK, let's finish it.' It's like if you hear somebody on the
bandstand say, 'Take it home,' or something like that."

Let it be known, however, that just like "Salt Creek" over road salt, two legs
will trump one leg, every time.

"It's funny when one leg goes up, and somebody a couple of chairs over puts both
legs up like this," Harbst said, demonstrating. "That means, 'Nah, I don't wanna
stop.' Around here, we call that the veto."

Nobody voted with their legs this past Tuesday night at Percival Hall. Hands and
hearts ruled in favor of the tune. That weather did move in, and it wasn't as
bad as everybody thought it would be.

But the music was as good as it's been in 30 years.

BOB GAY/THE DOMINION POST

Paul Manecke, left, and Tony Steve concentrate on the tune during the Tuesday
night jam session.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers

                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                       July 6, 2001 Friday FINAL EDITION

Don't call Zydeco's music Cajun

BYLINE: Bruce Deachman

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: ARTS, Pg. D1 / Front

LENGTH: 1051 words


There's a rider in Buckwheat Zydeco's performance contract that says if he's
billed as a Cajun musician, he won't play.

"You're from Ottawa, right?" he asks over the phone from his home in Carencro,
Louisiana, just a few kilometres north of Lafayette. "So I can't say you're from
California. You're from where you are, and your name's not George. It's that
simple. It's identity.

"It's the same for Stanley Dural, Jr. (his real name). I speak the language
Creole-French. I'm from Lafayette -- Louisiana-born and raised --and I play
Creole music. It's not fair to say that Buckwheat Zydeco plays Cajun music,
because if you don't have an identity, then what do you have?"

Yet for many fans of music from the Gulf area of the pelican state, from places
like Abbeville, Lafayette, New Iberia, New Orleans and St. Martinville, the
distinction between Creole and Cajun isn't all that clear. Both styles use a lot
of the same instruments, each with a heavy reliance on the accordion, and
two-steps and waltzes figure prominently in each.

"I explain it this way," says Buckwheat, who brings his brand of zydeco music to
the Louisiana stage at the Cisco Systems Blues Festival tonight, "that this is a
great part of Louisiana because you have two nationalities, a white and a black
nationality, speaking the same language, playing the same instruments, but
different types of music from different parts of the world. And I think that's
wonderful."

The word Cajun is a slanged up derivative of Acadian. Many Acadians, mainly
French settlers expelled from Nova Scotia in 1755 by the British, moved to
Louisiana where they had been offered land by the territory's Spanish governors.
On Louisiana's southern prairie land, they raised cattle and grew subsistence
crops. Creole, meanwhile, originally referred to Louisiana-born people of French
or Spanish parentage. The slave trade of the late-1700s changed the definition
of Creole to mean slaves born in the colonies (esclavos Criollos), as opposed to
those from Africa (esclavos Africanos).

Musically, one of the key differences between the two is the fiddle. Cajun music
has lots of them. Creole doesn't. There was a time, though, when even that
distinction was less clear.

"The Cajun music is more associated with the fiddle," says Buckwheat, "like my
good friends Beausoleil. I love fiddle playing, but zydeco originated only with
the washboard and the accordion.

"But hey," he adds, "it all goes together. Sometime you might be recording and
say, 'Hey, let me try a fiddle there.' Anything can happen. I've never used one,
but anything that can make it happen, that's where I'm at."

The accordion, which German settlers brought to both Cajun and Creole music in
the late-1800s, and the fiddle all but disappeared from the mid-1930s until the
late '40s, as the increased popularity of country and western music replaced
them with steel guitars, bass guitars and drums. But a post-war longing for
"old-time" music brought them back.

It was around that time that the rural Creoles, influenced by both rhythm and
blues and jazz, replaced the fiddles with the rub-board, or vest frottoir.
Mixing blues and jazz with La La, a foot-stomping, hand-clapping, singing music
originating with black field workers, the Creoles created what would later
become known as zydeco.

"It became popular because it's good music," says 38-year old Lafayette
accordionist Nathan Williams, whose band Nathan and the Zydeco Cha Chas performs
Sunday at Bluesfest. "It's music that you cannot say. 'Well, I'm going to sit
down and listen to it.' You're going to get up and have a good time the way that
you feel like you should have a good time.

"It's music where you can get loose as a goose. If you want to jump, you jump.
If you want to howl, you howl."

While Boozoo Chavis recorded the first modern zydeco song, Paper In My Shoe, in
1954, it was Clifton Chenier who gave the music its name and became the
undisputed king of the genre. He popularized the song Les Haricots Sont Pas
Sales (The Snap Beans Aren't Salty), and les haricots quickly became le zydeco.

"People can relate to this type of music," Buckwheat says, "because of the
energy ... whether it's fast or slow, there's never a dull moment. It's got this
rhythm that's very rare."

Both Buckwheat and Williams credit Chenier, who died in 1987 after a 30-year
career in zydeco, for their success. Curiously, though, they came to zydeco
along very different paths.

Williams's uncle, guitarist Harry Hypolite, played regularly with Chenier. "I've
been around zydeco all my life," says Williams, who is also referred to as The
Zydeco Hog and whose style of zydeco is often inflected with R&B and soul
influences.

"When I started playing zydeco music, I was taking it to another level, taking
it my way. Keeping the tradition in it --don't get me wrong -- but advancing
it."

Buckwheat, on the other hand, swore he'd never perform zydeco, the music he'd
grown up listening to his father play.

Learning to play piano as a youngster, Buckwheat was a confirmed R&B fan, and
Fats Domino was his idol. His father, also an accordionist, countered his son's
enthusiasm by refusing to allow Buckwheat to play piano for a year.

"Clifton Chenier will always be the king of zydeco," says the 53-year-old
accordionist. "He's my inspiration. If it hadn't been for him, I wouldn't be
doing what I'm doing.

"I thought that zydeco was for the older generation. I was in a situation where
I said, 'No matter what you say to me or what you do to me, I will not play this
music. I don't like this music, yesterday, today or tomorrow.'

"But Clifton Chenier said, 'You never listen, man. Why don't you check it out?
You might like it."'

These days, Buckwheat is at the top of the zydeco heap, mixing the traditional
with zydeco-ized versions of songs such as the Rolling Stonesi Beast of Burden
and Bob Dylan's On A Night Like This.

"I love what I do," he admits. "I love being out there with the public and
seeing them enjoy my music. I see a smile on a person's face because I'm playing
music, that's rewarding to me, man.

"That's A-1 in my book."

Buckwheat Zydeco plays on the Louisiana stage at Bluesfest tonight at 7:30.
Nathan and the Zydeco Cha Chas perform there Sunday at 2:15 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Buckwheat Zydeco plays on the Louisiana stage, tonight.

TYPE: Feature; Interview; Profile

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Dancing to welcome the summer solstice

BYLINE: By Kate Abbot, Berkshires Week Editor

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 941 words


SHEFFIELD -- Hold hands and spin in a circle, like kids. Spin alone back to back
with the next dancer in line. Turn to the dancer beside you and take him in your
arms, and lean back, and hear the fiddle fling high notes off the roof.

Jane Prentice met her husband, Jim, at a contradance with Mountain Laurel. The
South County contradance band has played together for more than 34 years.

In all that time, "they missed only one dance," Prentice said, "due to weather."

Her children grew up at these dances, running barefoot through the hall.
Prentice's daughter brings her boyfriend to dances now.

"It's a three- or four-generation activity," she said. "There's nothing like
that now."

A community has grown around these dances, and when Mountain Laurel's musicians
announced their retirement within this past year, dancers who had known their
music for decades determined to keep the tradition and the community alive.

They will hold south county dances four times a year, at the changing seasons,
Prentice said. And on Saturday at Dewey Hall, they will welcome the summer
solstice with a potluck dinner, a sea chantey singing circle, a family dance and
an evening contradance.

Prentice has lived here 22 years. She plays fiddle, and her husband plays
concertina, with Still, the Homegrown Band -- with guitar, piano, bass and
bodhran (drum) -- at monthly dances in Cornwall, Conn.

"We're easy on beginners," she said. "We're welcoming in the music and dancing.
It's a very open community. At least it's opened a lot of doors for me. I keep
wondering what other people do with their spare time, when there's something as
wonderful as this out there."

The Mountain Laurel dances were "a great place for meeting people," she said.

As she and her husband had a first date on the dance floor, the piano player in
Prentice's band met her husband at a dance.

"Then you invite them to play at your wedding," she said.

She and Neal Chamberlain of Ashley Falls, among a group of volunteers, have
gathered to keep the South County dances going.

The Summer Solstice event has become a real border-crossing effort, she said: a
Connecticut group to host the event, a Massachusetts caller and a New York band.

The band, Set Americain, plays Quebeçois music out of Canada -- Barbara Lubbell
on fiddle, John Guay on hammered dulcimer, Vonnie Estes on piano, Maurice
Mercier on accordion, Steve Fry on mandolin and Betsy Fry on bass. Jim Prentice
jams with them in Poughkeepsie, N.Y.

Quebeçois music runs fast and generously.

"It a real pulse, a prominent pulse to it," Jane Prentice said.

Reels spin a patter of notes like a warm summer rain.

The music and the musicians share a sense of mischief and confident laughter.

Dances spin the dancers dizzy and gallop into crooked tunes -- the beats and
measures seem to skip, and yet the music works intuitively. It runs on
improvisation and a sense of humor.

Many Quebeçois dance tunes are generations or centuries old. Fiddlers have
played them in the back woods and in Quebec City and handed them down with their
tiger maple fiddles.

The musicians often know a tune by the name of the person they learned it from
-- "Marcel's Reel in G" -- and they may know one tune by several names, or
several tunes by the same name, Prentice said: "In a jam session and someone
calls out 'Les Tournettes,' and people start playing different tunes."

But one fiddle begins a tune and, without music, after a bar, a run of notes,
the roomful of musicians will know it and join in, calling chords to each other,
sailing into harmonies, at a tempo to leave the whistle players breathless.

Listen to David Kaynor dash off "Monymusk" on his own fiddle -- and dance it at
the same time -- and that relaxed skill comes out strongly.

Kaynor, the caller for the solstice dance, is a member of five bands and a force
in contradancing across New England, and in many musical styles.

"It's all he does. He makes his living by it," Prentice said.

He has made the Montague Grange a community center, she said, and he fiddles,
teaches and leads dances across the Northeast. He has stayed with her family on
his way to far-flung dances.

"Musicians and callers will drive really far to dance," she said.

Contradancing inspires the kind of passion that sends a college student in
Indiana hitch-hiking to New Hampshire for a weekend dance and back again in time
for Monday morning classes.

Prentice wants to keep that excitement alive and share it. So she invites people
of all ages to dollop whipped cream on strawberry shortcake and sing "What Can
You Do with a Drunken Sailor?" with Dierdre Murtha, formerly in an all-women a
cappella sea chantey group, the Johnson Girls.

And to dance. No one needs to come with a partner. Contradancers often change
partners with each dance, and as each dance progresses each dancer will end up
dancing with half the room in a relaxed atmosphere of flirting and friendship.

"When you hold peoples' hands, you can feel whether they've worked with their
hands," Prentice said.

And at the highest pitch of the dance, a wind player may pick up a bombard, a
blunt reed with the punch of a bagpipe, and the energy seems to lift the dancers
off the floor.

If you go ...

What: Summer Solstice Contra Dance and Sing

Traditional New England and Quebecois music by Set Americain and calling by
David Kaynor

Where: Dewey Hall, 91 Main St., Sheffield

When: Saturday

4:30 to 6 p.m. -- Sea Chantey sing in led by Deirda Murtha of the Johnson Girls

6 to 7 p.m. -- Community potluck supper

7 to 8 p.m. -- Family dances

8 to 11p.m. -- Contra dance

Admission: Suggested donation adults 10$, students years old and up 8$, under 8
free,
family max. 25$

Information: (860) 672-6101

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                            March 6, 2013 Wednesday

What's Happening in Oroville

BYLINE: Oroville Mercury-Register

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 1727 words


* American Cancer Society's monthly fundraiser is March 6

The "Meet Me at Applebee's" fundraiser will be dedicated to long-time local Anne
Beilser. Dine at Applebee's between 5 and 9 p.m. with vouchers available at the
door, and 15 percent of all ticket prices will be donated to the local Relay for
Life. Society representatives will be on hand at 2160 Feather River Blvd.
Please, no discounts or special coupons on that night. Donations are always
appreciated. Call 321-9515 for information.

* 22nd annual Ladies' Night Fashion Show Auction is March 8

Sigma Phi Gamma International Sorority will host this at the Lake Oroville Golf
and Event Center, Kelly Ridge, 5131 Royal Oaks Drive, Oroville. Complimentary
champagne and hors d'oeuvres from 6:30-7:30 p.m. and Fashion Auction with
casual, career and dressy fashions start at 7:30 p.m. Donation is $25; no credit
cards accepted at the auction. This is a 21+ event. Proceeds benefit high school
scholarships and other local sorority projects. Advance tickets only; available
at Fugate Insurance, Linda, 533-2860; or Crown Jewelry Co., Kim, 533-0153.

* Italian Dinner and Auction March 9

The Stewardship Team will host their annual Italian Dinner and Auction 6 p.m. at
First United Methodist Church, 45 Acacia Ave.Tickets are $12. For reservations
and tickets call 533-5921. All proceeds will benefit adult and youth programs
open to the Oroville community and the Sierra Service Projects, a youth
community service project.

* Oroville Eagles Youth Football and Cheer Sign Ups

Sign-ups will be from 2-5 p.m. March 10 at the Eagles Hall, corner of Myers and
Montgomery streets. For information, call Michelle Fong, 774-4599.

* Oroville's Old Time Fiddlers County Gospel Jam is March 14

The jam will be from 5:30-8 p.m. in the Oroville Municipal Auditorium, 1200
Myers St. Musicians from across California, here for the annual California State
Open Fiddle and Picking Championship contest (March 14-16), will participate.
Local acoustic music groups, church choirs and all gospel music makers from the
Butte County area and beyond are encouraged to register in advance; call Larry
Jendro, 533-1413. Registered groups will be scheduled to perform three gospel
numbers between 5:30-7 p.m. From 7-8 p.m. individuals or groups may sign up on a
blackboard to perform one or two songs. The organization covers 10 districts and
extends from Redding to San Diego.

* 47th annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and
Picking Championship March 15-16

The event starts at 3 p.m. Friday with an opening ceremony, followed by
competition in the Fiddle Division: Senior-senior (70 and older); Senior
(60-69). Awards at 5:50 p.m. The Saturday schedule is: 7:30 a.m. registration; 8
a.m. competition for Fiddle Divisions; Young adults (18-36), Junior (13-17),
Junior-junior (9-12), and Pee Wee (8 and younger). Also Adult (37-59), Open (any
age), Junior twin (17 and older), Open twin (any age). Picking competition
begins with Open (any age) and Junior (17 and younger). Awards for these
divisions will be give at approximately 8 and 9 p.m. Schedules, rules and
registration forms at Houser's Music or Auditorium in Oroville; or print from
www.orovilleoldtimefiddlers.com. Free admission, but donations appreciated. Food
sold. Held at Oroville Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St. Musicians from
across California will compete; the Old Time fiddle Association organization
covers 10 districts, from Redding to San Diego.

* Women's History Month Salad Tea Luncheon

The American Association of University Women will host their annual luncheon
starting 1 p.m. on March 16 at the Oroville Presbyterian Church, 2350 Foothill
Blvd. The program includes a look at women in the field of anthropology,
presented by Merrily Stover, and music by Katy Ryan and Matthew Mitchell.
Proceeds support Tech Trek, a week-long math and science camp at Davis for
seventh-grade girls. Tickets are $20 and reservation deadline is March 12. Call
Joline Hibbert, 533-5577, or email hibbjandj@oroville.com

* St. Patrick's Luncheon fundraiser for Oroville Veterans Memorial Park

The corned beef and cabbage lunch, 11 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. on March 13, will be
served at the FRSCA Center, 1335 Myers St. Lunch also includes a drink, roll and
dessert, with take out orders available. Cost is $8 and advance tickets are
available at Betty Jean's or Coffee Diem. Proceeds go towards construction of
the park on Montgomery Street. Event sponsored by the Oroville Downtown Business
Association; information, John, 533-2721. For information about the park, visit
orovilleveteransmemorialpark.org.

* Annual Oroville Knights of Columbus dinner is March 16

Doors will open at 5 p.m. and the corned beef and cabbage dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. at St. Thomas the Apostle Church hall, 1330 Bird St. Cost is $10 for
adults; $7 for seniors 65 and older; $5 for children ages 5-11. Tickets at the
St. Thomas School Office, Marcozzi Jewelers, Modern Cleaners and Briggs
Firestone. For information, call Jim Cupido, 533-5599.

* Oroville Hunger Walk to raise money and food for local hunger relief

The Cooperating Christian Churches of Oroville organized this first walk to
start at Riverbend Park on March 16. Sign-ups begin 8:30 a.m., with coffee and
donuts served, followed by the approximately 2-mile walk at 9 a.m. Rest stations
will be set up at churches and vans will cruise the route to pick up those who
cannot complete the walk or wish to walk a short distance. Donations will be
accepted prior to the walk or the day of the walk. All money and food raised
will go to Feed the People Ministries, Oroville Rescue Mission, Oroville
Salvation Army, The Hope Center and other groups. Member sponsors are First
congregational Church, First United Methodist Church, Oroville Rescue Mission,
Raven Ministries, St. Paul's Episcopal Church, St. Thomas the Apostle Catholic
Church, The Hope Center, Trinity Bible Church and Trinity Presbyterian Church.
To make a donation or get involved, call 534-0354 or 534-9455.

* Reservations are required for the annual Sutter Buttes Hike March 17

The hike on St. Patrick's Day is limited to 30 people and cost is $35 for
members and $40 for non-members. The hike is sponsored by the Butte County
Historical Society. Call 534-8146 or visit buttecountyhistoricalsociety.org for
more information or to make reservations.

*Bolt's Antique Tool Museum showcases tools from war heroes

The Museum has created a series of displays with donated tools and military
service information about the donors. One features Lt. Col. Jack Bolt (not
related to the museum's founder) who was a Black Sheep Squadron pilot and flying
ace in WW II and the Korean War. The museum also houses tools from 4,000 years
ago thought to be made by Egyptians and Romans in 400 B.C.; a barbed-wire
collection, old gas pumps, blacksmith tools and more than 11,000 other tools.
Some gift items are also sold. The museum is at 1650 Broderick St. and is open
Sundays, 11:45 a.m. to 3:45 p.m.; Monday through Saturday, 10 a.m. to 3:45 p.m.
538-2528 or 538-2415.

* VFW Post 9602 and Auxiliary will host a spaghetti dinner March 22

The dinner will be from 5-8 p.m. at Oroville Veterans Memorial Hall, 2374
Montgomery St. Dinner also includes salad with dressings and garlic bread. Cost
is $8 for ages 10 and older; free to those under 10. Separate dessert table.
Proceeds support the Post and Auxiliary activities and projects. Tickets
available at the door. Information, 532-0561.

* PAWS People for Pets Party is March 23

This annual benefit will feature a "Down Home" Country Spaghetti Feed, no-host
beer and wine bar, dancing to the country music of Jim Halsey and Jeff Rubeck
and a silent auction and raffle. Doors will open at 5:30 p.m. at Southside
Community Center, 2959 Lower Wyandotte Road, Oroville. The dinner, catered by
Sherry McKenzie, also includes garlic bread, salad and dessert. Advance tickets
are $18 or $20 at the door. Tables for 10 may be reserved in advance. For
information or to reserve tables, call 589-1265. Tickets may be purchased at
PAWS Thrift and Gift, Oroville; Heaven Scent Candles & More, Paradise; and PAW
Prints Quality, Chico.

* Chili Cooks needed for cook-off

Thermalito Grange is in need of Chili cookers for their annual Chili Cook-off.
Applications are available now. The cook-off is April 6. Applications will be
taken until March 31. The entry fee is $10. For information call Cheri at
591-9018 or 532-4529.

* Sixth annual Wildflower Festival is April 7

Feather River Recreation will host the festival, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., at Riverbend
Park. Vendors will offer items pertaining to wildlife and nature, including
native plant sales, photography, bug jewelry, custom carved signs, poppy seed
give-aways and pony rides. Informational booths will also be set up. Free tours
will be given to Table Mountain with transportation available; $3 per person.
Call 533-2011 for hike times and more information.

* Sank Park Craft Faire sign ups available

The Oroville Docent Association is looking for crafters to sign up for the
annual Feather Fiesta Days Craft Faire May 11. Participants may apply now for a
space at the Sank Park Lott Home in Oroville. Contact Carol at 589-1299 or
carolbrown60@comcast.net

* Vendor space for Feather Fiesta Days Goldrush Lot on May 11

Space reservations for food, game, information and product booths in downtown
Oroville may be made now. Contact Mike Isch, 534-9005, 589-0952 or 520-0258;
stop by Northwestern Trading Co.; or go to www.orovilllechamber.net (calendar of
events) for more information. Oroville Downtown Business Association.

* Women's Coffee Social

A new drop-in social gathering for women in their 50s, 60s or older will be
forming in the Oroville area. The group will feature discussions about lifelong
learning, inspiration, fellowship, community resource, networking and more.
Those who are retired or new to the community are welcome. They will meet from
9:30-11 a.m. Wednesdays. Location is to be announced. Contact Lynndee Caput at
533-0780 or email lynndeecaput@yahoo.com

Nonprofit groups and community organizations can submit items for "What's
Happening in Oroville" by emailing the pertinent information to
whatshappening@orovillemr.com, fax it to 342-3617 or mail it to: What's
Happening in Oroville, P.O. Box 9, Chico, CA 95927. Please include your name and
telephone number on all correspondences.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

What's Happening in Oroville

BYLINE: Oroville Mercury-Register

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 1228 words


American Cancer Society's monthly fundraiser is March 6

The "Meet Me at Applebee's" fundraiser will be dedicated to long-time local Anne
Beilser. Dine at Applebee's between 5 and 9 p.m. with vouchers available at the
door, and 15 percent of all ticket prices will be donated to the local Relay for
Life. Society representatives will be on hand at 2160 Feather River Blvd.
Please, no discounts or special coupons on that night. Donations are always
appreciated. Call 321-9515 for information.

22nd annual Ladies' Night Fashion Show Auction is March 8

Sigma Phi Gamma International Sorority will host this at the Lake Orovillle Golf
and Event Center, Kelly Ridge, 5131 Royal Oaks Drive, Oroville. Complimentary
champagne and hors d'oeuvres from 6:30-7:30 p.m. and Fashion Auction with
casual, career and dressy fashions start at 7:30 p.m. Donation is $25; no credit
cards accepted at the auction. This is a 21+ event. Proceeds benefit high school
scholarships and other local sorority projects. Advance tickets only; available
at Fugate Insurance, Linda, 533-2860; or Crown Jewelry Co., Kim, 533-0153.

Italian Dinner and Auction March 9

The Stewardship Team will host their annual Italian Dinner and Auction 6 p.m. at
First United Methodist Church, 45 Arcacia Ave.Tickets are $12. For resevations
and tickets call 533-5921. All proceeds will benefit adult and youth programs
open to the Oroville community and the Sierra Service Projects, a youth
community service project.

Oroville Eagles Youth Football and Cheer Sign Ups

Sign-ups will be from 2-5 p.m. March 10 at the Eagles Hall, corner of Myers and
Montgomery streets. For information, call Michelle Fong, 774-4599.

Oroville's Old Time Fiddlers County Gospel Jam is March 14

The jam will be from 5:30-8 p.m. in the Oroville Municipal Auditorium, 1200
Myers St. Musicians from across California, here for the annual California State
Open Fiddle and Picking Championship contest (March 14-16), will participate.
Local acoustic music groups, church choirs and all gospel music makers from the
Butte County area and beyond are encouraged to register in advance; call Larry
Jendro, 533-1413. Registered groups will be scheduled to perform three gospel
numbers between 5:30-7 p.m. From 7-8 p.m. individuals or groups may sign up on a
blackboard to perform one or two songs. The organization covers 10 districts and
extends from Redding to San Diego.

47th annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and Picking
Championship March 15-16

The event starts at 3 p.m. Friday with an opening ceremony, followed by
competition in the Fiddle Division: Senior-senior (70 and older); Senior
(60-69). Awards at 5:50 p.m. The Saturday schedule is: 7:30 a.m. registration; 8
a.m. competition for Fiddle Divisions; Young adults (18-36), Junior (13-17),
Junior-junior (9-12), and Pee Wee (8 and younger). Also Adult (37-59), Open (any
age), Junior twin (17 and older), Open twin (any age). Picking competition
begins with Open (any age) and Junior (17 and younger). Awards for these
divisions will be give at approximately 8 and 9 p.m. Schedules, rules and
registration forms at Houser's Music or Auditorium in Oroville; or print from
www.orovilleoldtimefiddlers.com. Free admission, but donations appreciated. Food
sold. Held at Oroville Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St. Musicians from
across California will compete; the Old Time fiddle Association organization
covers 10 districts, from Redding to San Diego.

Women's History Month Salad Tea Luncheon

The American Association of University Women will host their annual luncheon
starting 1 p.m. on March 16 at the Oroville Presbyterian Church, 2350 Foothill
Blvd. The program includes a look at women in the field of anthropology,
presented by Merrily Stover, and music by Katy Ryan and Matthew Mitchell.
Proceeds support Tech Trek, a week-long math and science camp at Davis for
seventh-grade girls. Tickets are $20 and reservation deadline is March 12. Call
Joline Hibbert, 533-5577, or email hibbjandj@oroville.com

Annual Oroville Knights of Columbus dinner is March 16

Doors will open at 5 p.m. and the corned beef and cabbage dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. at St. Thomas the Apostle Church hall, 1330 Bird St. Cost is $10 for
adults; $7 for seniors 65 and older; $5 for children ages 5-11. Tickets are
available at the St. Thomas School Office, Marcozzi Jewelers, Modern Cleaners
and Briggs Firestone. For information, call Jim Cupido, 533-5599.

VFW Post 9602 and Auxiliary will host a spaghetti dinner March 22

The dinner will be from 5-8 p.m. at Oroville Veterans Memorial Hall, 2374
Montgomery St. Dinner also includes salad with dressings and garlic bread. Cost
is $8 for ages 10 and older; free to those under 10. Separate dessert table.
Proceeds support the Post and Auxiliary activities and projects. Tickets
available at the door. Information, 532-0561.

PAWS People for Pets Party is March 23

This annual benefit will feature a "Down Home" Country Spaghetti Feed, no-host
beer and wine bar, dancing to the country music of Jim Halsey and Jeff Rubeck
and a silent auction and raffle. Doors will open at 5:30 p.m. at Southside
Community Center, 2959 Lower Wyandotte Road, Oroville. The dinner, catered by
Sherry McKenzie, also includes garlic bread, salad and dessert. Advance tickets
are $18 or $20 at the door. Tables for 10 may be reserved in advance. For
information or to reserve tables, call 589-1265. Tickets may be purchased at
PAWS Thrift and Gift, Oroville; Heaven Scent Candles & More, Paradise; and PAW
Prints Quality, Chico.

Chili Cooks needed for cook-off

Thermalito Grange is in need of Chili cookers for their annual Chili Cook-off.
Applications are available now. The cook-off is April 6. Applications will be
taken until March 31. The entry fee is $10. For information call Cheri at
591-9018 or 532-4529.

Sixth annual Wildflower Festival is April 7

Feather River Recreation will host the festival, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., at Riverbend
Park. Vendors will offer items pertaining to wildlife and nature, including
native plant sales, photography, bug jewelry, custom carved signs, poppy seed
give aways and pony rides. Informational booths will also be set up. Free tours
will be given to Table Mountain with transportation available; $3 per person.
Call 533-2011 for hike times and more information.

Craft Faire sign ups available

The Oroville Docent Association is looking for crafters to sign up for the
annual Feather Fiesta Days Craft Faire May 11. Participants can apply now for a
space at the Sank Park Lott Home in Oroville. Contact Carol at 589-1299 or
carolbrown60@comcast.net

Women's Coffee Social

A new drop-in social gathering for women in their 50s, 60s or older will be
forming in the Oroville area. The group will feature discussions about lifelong
learning, inspiration, fellowship, community resource, networking and more.
Those who are retired or new to the community are welcome. They will meet from
9:30-11 a.m. Wednesdays. Location is to be announced. Contact Lynndee Caput at
533-0780 or email lynndeecaput@yahoo.com

Nonprofit groups and community organizations can submit items for "What's
Happening in Oroville" by emailing the pertinent information to
whatshappening@orovillemr.com, fax it to 342-3617 or mail it to: What's
Happening in Oroville, P.O. Box 9, Chico, CA 95927. Please include your name and
telephone number on all correspondences.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Fiddling for a good cause; U.S. folk musician Laura Cortese joins Babes4Breasts

BYLINE: Lynn Saxberg, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: YOU; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 868 words


BABES4BREASTS

With Coco Love Alcorn, Scarlett Jane, Jadea Kelly, Laura Cortese, Amanda
Rheaume, Ana Miura

When: Thursday, Oct. 23, 8 p.m.,

Where: Southminster United Church, 15 Aylmer Ave., Ottawa

Tickets: $20 advance, available at babes4breasts.com

When Laura Cortese was 12 years old, she started going to fiddle camp, an
eye-opening musical experience that's stayed with her ever since.

"I showed up as a kid who had been playing for a couple of years, and it changed
my life," recalls the singer-songwriter-fiddler who grew up in San Francisco but
now makes her home in Boston. "It was all about the idea that music could be
about community and connecting with people, rather than looking at a music
stand, which is what it was in elementary school."

She went on to study music at the Berklee College of Music and embarked on a
multi-faceted career as a recording artist and side player. Along with a
half-dozen recording projects of her own, she's toured with everyone from folk
legend Pete Seeger to indie-rock heroes Band of Horses, and leads her own trio,
the Dance Cards.

A solo Cortese is in Ottawa this week to perform at the eighth annual
Babes4Breasts benefit concert, a fundraiser for breast cancer support in the
area. She's the only American on the bill, which also includes
singer-songwriters and organizers Ana Miura and Amanda Rheaume, and musical
guests Scarlett Jane, Coco Love Alcorn and Jadea Kelly.

With any gig, Cortese looks forward to that same feeling of community that she
discovered as a youngster. She's explored the human connection in almost every
genre of music, but finds it most effective in the realm of folk.

"I like all kinds of music, and I did have other opportunities. But when you
play traditional fiddle music, you really have an entry point," says the
musician, who is able to sing and play fiddle at the same time. "You go into a
town as a rock band, and you might meet fans but you're not as often going to
jam or connect on a musical level. With folk music, you have this common
language and common structures and you really get to jam with each other."

Her latest album with the Dance Cards is last year's Into the Dark, a gorgeous
set of folky, fiddle-fronted songs that are shadowed by Cortese's rich,
melancholy voice and textured by the stringwork of her bandmates, Valerie
Thompson and Mariel Vandersteel. After a series of themed recording projects,
the goal with Into the Dark was to take an indie-rock approach, experimenting to
find out what sounded best for each song.

"We basically took the acoustic project format, where the strings - cello,
viola, fiddle - are at the core and tried to expand our ideas to make a
landscape of sound, find that intersection of communal music and art music,"
Cortese explains. "I think it's probably always been the journey I've been on
but it was the first time it coalesced into an album form where I understood
what I was attempting to do."

In addition to her North American touring schedule, Cortese has had plenty of
opportunities to share her music and interact with people around the world this
year, thanks to trips to Norway and South Asia. The Norway adventure was a
collaborative endeavour involving 11 musicians from different countries, while
the Asian one was sponsored by the U.S. State Department's American Music Abroad
program.

Out of a field of 400, 10 bands were selected to travel through India,
Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan and Bangladesh to perform free public concerts and give
workshops and master classes.

"No matter where we went or how poor the people were, they wanted to share the
things they did have," Cortese says. "It was a really good reminder in these
volatile and politically charged times, that at the end of the day, humans just
want to connect. If we can cut through all that other stuffthat's going on, we
can have a really beautiful connection with someone who has a completely
different experience than you."

As for the Babes, this year's goal is to raise $25,000 to fund a new program
offered by the Ottawa Integrative Cancer Centre, dubbed the Babes4Breasts Head
Start program. The concert is just one component of the campaign. There's also a
new edition of the compilation CD available for purchase, featuring tracks by
Bruce Cockburn, the Claytones, Amos the Transparent, Sweet Alibi and Peter Katz,
to name a few of the artists who donated songs.

Another chunk of money will come from a partnership with Beau's All Natural
Brewery and Royal Oak pubs. A portion of this month's sales of Beau's beer at
the various Oak locations will be donated to the Babes. Last year that amount
totalled $19,000. In all, Babes4Breasts has raised more than $100,000, an amount
that astonishes its organizers.

"If you had said to me back in 2007 that we would hit over $100,000 by 2013, I
would have

shaken my head," Miura says. "But it really adds up. I believe that we all have
the ability and a responsibility to help others. It doesn't have to be running a
huge benefit concert

every year. I'm a fan of the simple things that people can do, like pop into the
Oak and have a beer. Every little bit really does count. That's been the biggest
lesson." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2014 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Supplied By Laura Cortese; Laura Cortese says playing folk music best
allows her to create a feeling of community.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Ottawa Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved

                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 27, 2012, Wednesday

Area residents among 2012 Vandalia Gathering award winners

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P5

LENGTH: 365 words


The 36th annual Vandalia Gathering was held at the state Capitol Complex May
25-27. Winners of its contests were:

* Youth old-time fiddle (age 15 and under): first: Walter King, Elkins; second:
Lydia Hager, Kenna; third: Jarred Carter, St. Albans.

* Old-time fiddle: first: Ray Cossin, Mount Alto; second: Darrell Murray,
Charleston; third: Tessa Dillon, St. Albans; fourth: Rebecca McClung,
Parkersburg; fifth: Walter King, Elkins.

* Senior old-time fiddle (age 60 and up): first: Gerry Milnes, Elkins; second:
Terry Vaughan, Cross Lanes; third: Jim Mullins, St. Albans; fourth: Jerry Lewis,
Nettie; fifth: John Morris, Ivydale.

* Mandolin: first: Brandon Shuping, Madison; second: David Watson, West Union;
third: Dan Kessinger, St. Marys; fourth: Isaac Putnam, Looneyville; fifth:
Dustin Frame, Gassaway.

* Bluegrass banjo: first: Andrew Kidd, Hurricane; second: Brandon Shuping,
Madison; third: Blaine Johnson, Beaver; fourth: Doug Cossin, Mt. Alto; fifth:
Logan Browning, Summersville.

* Lap dulcimer: first: Hunter Walker, Beckley; second: Will Manahan, Elkview;
third: David O'Dell, Glenville; fourth: Timmy Gillenwater, Griffithsville;
fifth: Martha Turley, Ona.

* Old-time banjo: first: David O'Dell, Glenville; second: Pete Kosky,
Charleston; third: Chad Ashworth, St. Albans; fourth: Logan Hoy, Belle; fifth:
Nevada Tribble, Elkins.

* Senior old-time banjo: first: Jay Lockman, Green Bank; second: Jim Mullins,
St. Albans; third: John Morris, Ivydale; fourth: Ken Sheller, Elkins; fifth:
Steve Harrison, St. Albans.

* Youth flat pick guitar: first: Bryant Underwood, Charleston; Isaac Putnam,
Looneyville; Logan Jones, Charleston.

* Flat pick guitar: first: Dan Kessinger, St. Marys; second: Adam Hager, Kenna;
third: Matt Lindsey, Dunbar; fourth: Richard Adkins, Cross Lanes; fifth: Rick
Hall, Princeton.

* Liars contest: first: Pete Kosky, Charleston; second: David Webb, Burlington;
third: Gary Buchanan, Creston; youth: Noah Lepp, Charleston.

* Pound cake: Ella Hoffman, Charleston; second: Judy Grigoraci, Charleston;
third: Mary Adams, Walker.

* Cupcake: first: Cassandra Atkins, Charleston; second: Judy Grigoraci,
Charleston; third: Janet Sheldon, St. Albans; youth: Michael Pauley, Pinch.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers

                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 6, 2012, Wednesday

Area residents among 2012 Vandalia Gathering award winners

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P7

LENGTH: 365 words


The 36th annual Vandalia Gathering was held at the state Capitol Complex May
25-27. Winners of its contests were:

* Youth old-time fiddle (age 15 and under): first: Walter King, Elkins; second:
Lydia Hager, Kenna; third: Jarred Carter, St. Albans.

* Old-time fiddle: first: Ray Cossin, Mount Alto; second: Darrell Murray,
Charleston; third: Tessa Dillon, St. Albans; fourth: Rebecca McClung,
Parkersburg; fifth: Walter King, Elkins.

* Senior old-time fiddle (age 60 and up): first: Gerry Milnes, Elkins; second:
Terry Vaughan, Cross Lanes; third: Jim Mullins, St. Albans; fourth: Jerry Lewis,
Nettie; fifth: John Morris, Ivydale.

* Mandolin: first: Brandon Shuping, Madison; second: David Watson, West Union;
third: Dan Kessinger, St. Marys; fourth: Isaac Putnam, Looneyville; fifth:
Dustin Frame, Gassaway.

* Bluegrass banjo: first: Andrew Kidd, Hurricane; second: Brandon Shuping,
Madison; third: Blaine Johnson, Beaver; fourth: Doug Cossin, Mt. Alto; fifth:
Logan Browning, Summersville.

* Lap dulcimer: first: Hunter Walker, Beckley; second: Will Manahan, Elkview;
third: David O'Dell, Glenville; fourth: Timmy Gillenwater, Griffithsville;
fifth: Martha Turley, Ona.

* Old-time banjo: first: David O'Dell, Glenville; second: Pete Kosky,
Charleston; third: Chad Ashworth, St. Albans; fourth: Logan Hoy, Belle; fifth:
Nevada Tribble, Elkins.

* Senior old-time banjo: first: Jay Lockman, Green Bank; second: Jim Mullins,
St. Albans; third: John Morris, Ivydale; fourth: Ken Sheller, Elkins; fifth:
Steve Harrison, St. Albans.

* Youth flat pick guitar: first: Bryant Underwood, Charleston; Isaac Putnam,
Looneyville; Logan Jones, Charleston.

* Flat pick guitar: first: Dan Kessinger, St. Marys; second: Adam Hager, Kenna;
third: Matt Lindsey, Dunbar; fourth: Richard Adkins, Cross Lanes; fifth: Rick
Hall, Princeton.

* Liars contest: first: Pete Kosky, Charleston; second: David Webb, Burlington;
third: Gary Buchanan, Creston; youth: Noah Lepp, Charleston.

* Pound cake: Ella Hoffman, Charleston; second: Judy Grigoraci, Charleston;
third: Mary Adams, Walker.

* Cupcake: first: Cassandra Atkins, Charleston; second: Judy Grigoraci,
Charleston; third: Janet Sheldon, St. Albans; youth: Michael Pauley, Pinch.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers

                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             May 31, 2012, Thursday

2012 Vandalia Gathering winners announced

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5D

LENGTH: 364 words


The 36th annual Vandalia Gathering was held at the state Capitol Complex May
25-27. Winners of its contests were:

-Youth old-time fiddle (age 15 and under): first: Walter King, Elkins; second:
Lydia Hager, Kenna; third: Jarred Carter, St. Albans.

-Old-time fiddle: first: Ray Cossin, Mount Alto; second: Darrell Murray,
Charleston; third: Tessa Dillon, St. Albans; fourth: Rebecca McClung,
Parkersburg; fifth: Walter King, Elkins.

-Senior old-time fiddle (age 60 and up): first: Gerry Milnes, Elkins; second:
Terry Vaughan, Cross Lanes; third: Jim Mullins, St. Albans; fourth: Jerry Lewis,
Nettie; fifth: John Morris, Ivydale.

-Mandolin: first: Brandon Shuping, Madison; second: David Watson, West Union;
third: Dan Kessinger, St. Marys; fourth: Isaac Putnam, Looneyville; fifth:
Dustin Frame, Gassaway.

-Bluegrass banjo: first: Andrew Kidd, Hurricane; second: Brandon Shuping,
Madison; third: Blaine Johnson, Beaver; fourth: Doug Cossin, Mt. Alto; fifth:
Logan Browning, Summersville.

-Lap dulcimer: first: Hunter Walker, Beckley; second: Will Manahan, Elkview;
third: David O'Dell, Glenville; fourth: Timmy Gillenwater, Griffithsville;
fifth: Martha Turley, Ona.

-Old-time banjo: first: David O'Dell, Glenville; second: Pete Kosky, Charleston;
third: Chad Ashworth, St. Albans; fourth: Logan Hoy, Belle; fifth: Nevada
Tribble, Elkins.

-Senior old-time banjo: first: Jay Lockman, Green Bank; second: Jim Mullins, St.
Albans; third: John Morris, Ivydale; fourth: Ken Sheller, Elkins; fifth: Steve
Harrison, St. Albans.

-Youth flat pick guitar: first: Bryant Underwood, Charleston; Isaac Putnam,
Looneyville; Logan Jones, Charleston.

-Flat pick guitar: first: Dan Kessinger, St. Marys; second: Adam Hager, Kenna;
third: Matt Lindsey, Dunbar; fourth: Richard Adkins, Cross Lanes; fifth: Rick
Hall, Princeton.

-Liars contest: first: Pete Kosky, Charleston; second: David Webb, Burlington;
third: Gary Buchanan, Creston; youth: Noah Lepp, Charleston.

-Pound cake: first: Ella Hoffman, Charleston; second: Judy Grigoraci,
Charleston; third: Mary Adams, Walker.

-Cupcake: first: Cassandra Atkins, Charleston; second: Judy Grigoraci,
Charleston; third: Janet Sheldon, St. Albans; youth: Michael Pauley, Pinch.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers

                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             May 31, 2012, Thursday

2012 Vandalia Gathering winners announced

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5D

LENGTH: 364 words


The 36th annual Vandalia Gathering was held at the state Capitol Complex May
25-27. Winners of its contests were:

-Youth old-time fiddle (age 15 and under): first: Walter King, Elkins; second:
Lydia Hager, Kenna; third: Jarred Carter, St. Albans.

-Old-time fiddle: first: Ray Cossin, Mount Alto; second: Darrell Murray,
Charleston; third: Tessa Dillon, St. Albans; fourth: Rebecca McClung,
Parkersburg; fifth: Walter King, Elkins.

-Senior old-time fiddle (age 60 and up): first: Gerry Milnes, Elkins; second:
Terry Vaughan, Cross Lanes; third: Jim Mullins, St. Albans; fourth: Jerry Lewis,
Nettie; fifth: John Morris, Ivydale.

-Mandolin: first: Brandon Shuping, Madison; second: David Watson, West Union;
third: Dan Kessinger, St. Marys; fourth: Isaac Putnam, Looneyville; fifth:
Dustin Frame, Gassaway.

-Bluegrass banjo: first: Andrew Kidd, Hurricane; second: Brandon Shuping,
Madison; third: Blaine Johnson, Beaver; fourth: Doug Cossin, Mt. Alto; fifth:
Logan Browning, Summersville.

-Lap dulcimer: first: Hunter Walker, Beckley; second: Will Manahan, Elkview;
third: David O'Dell, Glenville; fourth: Timmy Gillenwater, Griffithsville;
fifth: Martha Turley, Ona.

-Old-time banjo: first: David O'Dell, Glenville; second: Pete Kosky, Charleston;
third: Chad Ashworth, St. Albans; fourth: Logan Hoy, Belle; fifth: Nevada
Tribble, Elkins.

-Senior old-time banjo: first: Jay Lockman, Green Bank; second: Jim Mullins, St.
Albans; third: John Morris, Ivydale; fourth: Ken Sheller, Elkins; fifth: Steve
Harrison, St. Albans.

-Youth flat pick guitar: first: Bryant Underwood, Charleston; Isaac Putnam,
Looneyville; Logan Jones, Charleston.

-Flat pick guitar: first: Dan Kessinger, St. Marys; second: Adam Hager, Kenna;
third: Matt Lindsey, Dunbar; fourth: Richard Adkins, Cross Lanes; fifth: Rick
Hall, Princeton.

-Liars contest: first: Pete Kosky, Charleston; second: David Webb, Burlington;
third: Gary Buchanan, Creston; youth: Noah Lepp, Charleston.

-Pound cake: first: Ella Hoffman, Charleston; second: Judy Grigoraci,
Charleston; third: Mary Adams, Walker.

-Cupcake: first: Cassandra Atkins, Charleston; second: Judy Grigoraci,
Charleston; third: Janet Sheldon, St. Albans; youth: Michael Pauley, Pinch.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers

                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            August 31, 2006 Thursday

Art: Wearable creations

LENGTH: 894 words


Artists always have perceived the environment around them as inspirations to act
and as raw material to mold and remold. Up now at the Society for Contemporary
Craft in the Strip District, the exhibition "Nature/Culture" explores this
notion through the work of 16 artists from around the nation.

Contemporary artists today use everything from natural materials to electronic
media to make art with, and this show proves it with a broad range of
three-dimensional media represented such as clay, glass, metal, wood and fiber.

Some of the artists use more unique media in an effort to comment on political
or environmental issues, such as smog, fish and citrus skins, zip ties, shoes
and other recycled materials, proving the old adage, one man's trash is another
man's treasure.

The exhibition runs through Nov. 11. Society for Contemporary Craft is at 2100
Smallman St.

Details: 412-261-7003 or www.contemporarycraft.org

-- Kurt Shaw

Folk: Start the music

The way The Red Stick Ramblers blends Cajun fiddle, Western swing, honky-tonk,
and '20s and '30s jazz has won it fans all over the country. Its late-show
performance Wednesday at Club Cafe, for those 21 and older, is near the start of
a three-month national tour.

The band was formed in 1999 and enjoyed plenty of early local success in Baton
Rouge, La., and old New Orleans. Its move from a local to a national phenomenon
was cemented by the 2004 album "Right Key, Wrong Keyhole" that peaked at nine on
Billboard's Americana chart.

Linzay Young, fiddle and vocals, Kevin Wimmer, fiddle, Chas Justus, guitar, Eric
Frey, bass, and Glenn Fields, drums, are sure to play some numbers from a new
album that will be released later this year, along with established hits such as
"La Valse de Chaoui" (The Raccoon Waltz), "Sweet and Slow" and "It Ain't Right."

Doors open at 10 p.m., and the music starts a half hour later Wednesday.
Admission: $10 in advance, $12 day of the show.

Details: 412-431-4950.

-- Mark Kanny

Rock: Short-term time warp

It sounds strange saying it -- but remember the '90s?

Yeah, the wonderful wacky decade that gave us ... Hootie and the Blowfish? Only
in rock 'n' roll could anyone get away with such a silly name. That aside, there
is no arguing with success, and the group's populist rock sold 25 million
copies, earned two Grammys and yielded the hits "Hold My Hand," "Only Wanna Be
With You," "Time" and "Let Her Cry."

For Friday's show, the band is asking fans to bring donations of schools
supplies, which will go to underprivileged in the region.

Hootie and the Blowfish are paired with another '90s group, the underrated
Better Than Ezra, at the Post-Gazette Pavilion in Burgettstown. Tickets for the
pavilion-only show, which starts at 8 p.m., are $29.50.

Details: 412-323-1919, or www.livenation.com.

-- Regis Behe

Doing it their way

At a time when rock bands everywhere are tearing their hair out trying to figure
out how to make MySpace friends, YouTube videos and music that people will pay
for instead of download for free -- it might be easier just to opt out, like
Shellac.

Refuse to take anything seriously. Perform when you feel like it. Put out an
album whenever the mood strikes you -- or don't. It doesn't matter -- people
will still care, because nobody's ever going to catch you.

Chicago's Shellac still hits harder than a bus full of Bears, making
frighteningly loud, terrifyingly tight, utterly relentless avant-garde rock.
Famously prickly, iconoclastic frontman Steve Albini still marches to the
maniacal beat of his own drummer. Luckily, his day job as one of underground
rock's most esteemed producers (Pixies, Nirvana) pays the bills, so he can do
what he wants with his band.

Along for the ride is Sicily's Uzeda. They'll both be at the Union Project at
East Liberty -- a restored church-turned-community center -- this Tuesday night
at 8 p.m. Tickets are $15. Details: 412-363-4550.

-- Michael Machosky

Theater: A great wit

You're never quite sure what's real and what's artifice in Tom Stoppard's
fool-you-twice -- or more -- comedy, "The Real Thing."

Stoppard's witty and intelligent comedy about the elusiveness of love -- and how
to recognize it when you do find it -- opens the 2006-07 season for The REP,
Point Park University's professional theater company on Wednesday.

Directed by Robert Miller, its cast includes Jason McCune, Rebecca Harris, Randy
Kovitz, Lisa Ann Goldsmith, Joel Ripka, Robin Abramson and Jarrod DiGiorgi.

"The Real Thing" runs through Sept. 24 with performances at 8 p.m. Wednesdays
through Saturdays and 2 p.m. Sundays at the Pittsburgh Playhouse, 222 Craft
Ave., Oakland.

Admission: $18-$22.

Details: 412-621-4445 or www.pittsburghplayhouse.com.

-- Alice T. Carter

Jazz: Free sound

Summer is winding down, but piccolo bassist Dwayne Dolphin will provide a bright
blast of sunlight at the Katz Plaza, Downtown, on Tuesday.

The North Side's Dolphin is one of the standout jazz players in the region these
days, having played with stars from Wynton Marsalis to Jackie McLean.

But he is never tied down to "pure jazz" -- whatever that is -- and his work in
his own group and on his piccolo bass has elements of rhythm and blues, hip-hop
and Charles Mingus.

It's not a bad way to wrap up the summer.

Music starts at 5 p.m. Admission is free. Details: 412-471-6070.

-- Bob Karlovits

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            February 17, 2006 Friday

MIXED MEDIA

SECTION: PASATIEMPO; Pg. PA-08

LENGTH: 982 words


Fiddle de glee

Leahy, the dynamic Celtic pop group from Ontario, Canada, comes to the Lensic
Performing Arts Center on Tuesday, Feb. 21.

The eight brothers and sisters learned to play the fiddle from their father,
whose ancestors emigrated from Ireland in 1825. Half of the members also play
the piano; guitar, banjo, mandolin, bass guitar, and percussion also figure into
the mix. They're dancers, too; the clan learned step-dancing from their Nova
Scotia-born mother.

The group began performing across Canada as the Leahy Family in the 1970s. The
music sometimes wanders into New Age and country realms -- one of Leahy's
multiple Juno Awards was for best country group. But most of what the group does
is Celtic-flavored. The tunes -- sometimes melancholy but more often energetic
-- feature lightning-fast fiddle work and bright vocals. For a taste, listen to
In All Things (2004), the group's third album.

Leahy takes the stage at the Lensic, 211 W. San Francisco St., at 7 p.m. Tickets
(988-1234) are $25-$35.

-- Paul Weideman

In the nick of her prime

Could it be that Bonnie Raitt's enduring success is a tortoise-and-the-hare
story? Not that she or her music are slow or lacking in verve, but her career
didn't catch fire until 1988, by which time she'd been plugging away for close
to 20 years. The daughter of renowned baritone John Raitt, Bonnie began claiming
her own fame when she was taken under the wing of manager and promoter Dick
Waterman, whose client roster included many seasoned blues veterans. Raitt's
concerts at the time often featured opening sets by vocalist/harpist Junior
Wells or the stride/blues pianist Roosevelt Sykes. She was signed to Warner
Brothers during that period, which gave her lots of national exposure, but there
were also disappointments. The famous 1974 concert that prompted writer Jon
Landau to declare that he had seen the future of rock and roll and its name was
Bruce Springsteen was actually a Bonnie Raitt show, with Springsteen opening.
The big turning point happened much later, after she'd relocated to California
and teamed up with producer Don Was to cover John Hiatt's catchy "Thing Called
Love," the tune that catapulted her to the top of the pops.

On Saturday, Feb. 18, Bonnie Raitt headlines at Albuquerque's Kiva Auditorium
(Second Street at Marquette Avenue N.E.), with Paul Brady opening. Music begins
at 8 p.m., with tickets from $38.50 to $74.00. Call 505-768-4575 or visit
www.ticketmaster.com.

-- David Prince

Love in the ruings

"Why do people say, You will rue the day, but refuse to rue for other things?"

"I rue this boutonniere," he says.

"You don't think I rue buying this dress?" I say.

"I love the dress."

The above lines are from Which Brings Me to You (Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill,
2006), a novel by Steve Almond and Julianna Baggott. The book is the tattle tale
of generic lovers Jane and John, becoming intimate by mail. Actually, they got
to know each other in the biblical sense in a coat closet before rising to
loftier, literary turf. You can hear some of this irreverent, postmodern lust
and love when Almond reads at Collected Works Bookstore's Works in Progress
series. Almond, who has been called the Dave Eggers of food writing, is author
of the much-lauded Candyfreak: A Journey Through the Chocolate Underbelly of
America (Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill, 2004), which combines memoir with candy
history for a savory read. The reading at Collected Works, 208-B W. San
Francisco St., begins at 7 p.m. Thursday, Feb. 23. There is no charge for the
event; call 988-4226.

-- Soledad Santiago

Girls gone wild

Playwright and College of Santa Fe writing professor Carol Carpenter has managed
to mix religion, love, mystery, gunfights, and lesbianism in the contemporary
gothic drama The Arisen. It's a piece that has more than a few family skeletons
in the closet -- in fact, those skeletons are just about everywhere. Leslie
Bentley directs a staged reading of the play at 7 p.m. Sunday, Feb. 19, at Santa
Fe Playhouse, 142 E. De Vargas St. It's part of the theater's ongoing
Off-the-Wall reading series. The cast includes Glenn Craley, Annie Goodwin,
Honey Harris, and Luther "Short Pants" Watts. Admission is by donation; call
988-4262. -- Robert Nott

Immortal marionettes, fleet-footed beauty

Japanese artists perfected color woodblock printing in the 17th century and
proved that flat, stylized shapes of vivid color could evoke nature's fleeting
exuberance. Artist and printer Gustave Baumann (1881-1971) moved to New Mexico
in 1918 and began depicting Hopi katsinas, Southwestern wildflowers, local
orchards, and adobe villages with the technique. Good woodblock prints require
bold composition, the ability to abstract nature into interlocking and
overlapping shapes, and solid draftsmanship. Baumann was a master at the art.

Gustave Baumann: A Santa Fe Legend, a long-term exhibit of Baumann's woodblock
prints, marionettes, paintings, sculpture, and handmade furniture, opens today,
Feb. 17, at the Museum of Fine Arts. The marionettes Baumann made for the
Christmas performances he and his wife, Jane Devereaux Henderson, gave from the
1930s through the '50s are among the museum's most loved sculpture. The paper,
colored inks, and fabrics used in the marionettes and woodblock prints are
light-sensitive and cannot remain exhibited for long. Four to six Baumann prints
and two to three puppets from the museum's collection of the artist's work will
be on display at any given time.

The marionette depicting a tourist with a camera is part of the first rotation.
The print Spring Blossoms is displayed with some of the blocks Baumann carved
for the work.

The Museum of Fine Arts is at 107 W. Palace Ave. Admission is $7 general
admission, $5 for New Mexico residents. There is no charge from 5 to 8 p.m.
Fridays or for New Mexico residents on Wednesdays and Sundays. For information
call 476-5059.

-- Elizabeth Cook-Romero

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. And they can dance, too.
2. Gustave Baumann: Spring Blossoms, 1950, colored woodblock print, 12 x 13
inches, Museum of Fine Arts, funds raised by School of American Research, 1952

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The New Mexican

                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                October 22, 1998

Top cellist is fiddle pair-up hit

SECTION: Showbiz: Music, Pg.6

LENGTH: 423 words


IT MAY not be the obvious pairing for traditional Scottish music - a cello and a
fiddle - but all who have heard them agree it's a wonderful partnership.

Although the instruments were a popular pairing two centuries ago, it took a
rebel cellist who was brought up on classical music to bring them back together.

Abby Newton learned to play the cello when she was growing up in New York, and
performed for various orchestras in her teenage years.

When she went to college, she started experimenting with American traditional
music and through it discovered Scottish folk music.

"I started playing with Jay Unger in an American music band at festivals and met
the Scottish fiddler Jean Redpath at one of them," she said.

"The two instruments just sounded so right for each other. The cello sounds like
a human voice in its range, so it was quite natural to put the two together.

"It was only when I met Alasdair Fraser, who plays fiddle, that he told me that
the cello and fiddle were the original dance band instruments, before the piano
became popular.

"It's really nice to be the person to bring the pair back again and I'm trying
to get other cellists interested in it too."

The historic Scottish/Irish links between classical and folk music date back to
the 18th century, with Niel Gow playing the cello and his brother playing the
fiddle.

It is believed there was not so much of a distinction between classical and folk
music then, with the same instruments used for both, but for various reasons
they evolved into two distinct sounds.

Abby is still very much involved in classical music, as she has performed
regularly with the American Symphony, Amor Artis Orchestra, Hudson Valley
Philharmonic and the Caecilian Chamber Ensemble.

She has been director and cellist of the Shokan Chamber Artists, Trillium Piano
Trio, Scottish Baroque Ensemble and has performed in several Broadway shows.

The Abby Newton/Jean Redpath pairing has been a successful one - they have
played at concerts and made recordings for over 20 years.

Not content with performing, Abby also teaches students from her studio in New
York.

She is performing at Balnain House, Inverness, on Saturday, together with guest
artists Mairi Campbell, on fiddle, and Corrina Hewat, on harp.

She is also holding a workshop on Saturday afternoon, which is open to cellists,
fiddlers and viola players who want to stretch themselves. It focuses on
accompaniment.

Tickets are GBP 4, GBP 5 and GBP 6, and further details are available on 01463
715757.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1998 Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 25, 2010 Sunday

Handmade music: ?If I ever made one I'm happy with, I'd probably quit.? ? local
violin and fiddle maker, Greg Nettleton

BYLINE: Ashley Albrecht, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 751 words


July 25--BLOOMINGTON -- A utilities technician for the city of Bloomington, Greg
Nettleton also applies his detail-oriented acumen to the construction, by hand,
of violins and fiddles.

A product of Kirksville, Ind., Nettleton is accustomed to the surroundings,
culture and musical proclivities of southern Indiana -- in particular, the
classical leanings of the Indiana University Jacobs School of Music crowd, and
the bluegrass/roots regional niche.

He finished his first violin in 2005. Nettleton is now working on his 10th
design in his home workshop on Crum Road. Laboring away in the attic of his
backyard shed, Nettleton crafts fiddles into the wee hours of the night.

A "craft" by the very definition of the word, fiddle-making continues to excite
Nettleton, since no two instruments are ever the same.

"Everybody is different, so they're made different," he said. When asked to
differentiate between a fiddle and a violin, Nettleton explained: "Although
there are some differences in the set-up, it's mainly the music that's played on
it."

Nettleton constructs four and five-string models. He associates the four-string
with "more traditional" music, such as classical. The five-string is typically
preferred by jazz and bluegrass musicians.

Nettleton approaches each commission based on the client's musical disposition,
be it classical, country or bluegrass.

So what led Nettleton to start crafting fiddles in the first place? He's played
a variety of instruments since elementary school, and said that "the violin was
one of [his] favorites."

Nettleton ran into a problem when he wanted an upgrade on his instrument. "I
could not afford to [purchase] a better one, so I decided to make one."

Nettleton is relieved to have found himself gifted in the making of fiddles, as
he would not dare call himself a musician. A bit self-deprecating, Nettleton
said, "I found that I was a little bit better at making them than I am at
playing, so that's what I stuck with."

Although primarily self-taught -- through books, magazines and the advice of
others -- Nettleton receives ideas from pattern books out of the vault of the IU
William & Gayle Cook Music Library. Yet each violin/fiddle is the product of an
idiosyncratic design. Once a pattern is drawn, each fiddle is built around a
mold, and then carved out via "trial and error ... until it sounds the best it
can," Nettleton said.

The fiddle-maker even makes his own varnish, a lengthy process that consists of
cooking several different resins at a time.

"You may start at 10 p.m. and still be making it at 6 or 7 in the morning,"
Nettleton said.

A true "labor of love," Nettleton has never tallied up the total amount of hours
it's taken him to complete a given fiddle.

Considering the intense labor investment, as well as the imported European tools
and air-dried maple and spruce, a 4-string fiddle runs about $6,000.

"An air-dried high quality piece of wood [runs] several hundred dollars, just
for the raw material," he added.

Although mainly hand-carved, Nettleton said that he's "not opposed to
electricity." In addition to his carving tools, Nettleton uses a band saw and
planer to help craft the fiddles.

Besides the art of fiddle-making itself, establishing and continuing rapport
with his customers is especially important to Nettleton. He booked roots and
bluegrass band The Dixie Bee-Liners to perform at the Buskirk-Chumley at the end
of the month.

Nettleton made a fiddle for Dixie Bee-Liner's duo vocalist/instrumentalist
Rachel Renee Johnson.

Nettleton plans on expanding his business into the future. "I'll continue making
them, I think for the simple fact that as I make one and finish it, I always
find a little something that I can do to the next one ... so it keeps my
interest fired up," he said.

"It's something that you have to love. You've got to have a lot of patience to
do it ... even 1/2 a millimeter can make a difference," Nettleton said. "If I
ever made one I'm happy with, I'd probably quit."

Hopefully, the fiddle-crafting, Bloomington utilitiy worker is never fully
satisfied.

To see more of the Herald-Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldtimesonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Herald-Times,
Bloomington, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100725-BM-Handmade-music-20100725

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2010 Herald-Times

                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            March 22, 2007 Thursday
                       D3 Edition; F3 Edition; F4 Edition

'Country unplugged' Stars to grace Naperville for bluegrass festival

BYLINE: Ann Piccininni, Daily Herald Correspondent

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 473 words


Some of the biggest names in bluegrass music will be on stage this weekend at
the Northern Illinois Bluegrass Festival in Naperville.

The three-day indoor music marathon will feature The Grascals, fiddler Michael
Cleveland, and The Martins, all 2006 award winners.

"We're just fortunate to have all of these high-profile groups," said Terry
Lease, who with his wife, Jan, is putting together the event at the Holiday Inn
Select.

Award-winning singer Valerie Smith along with Liberty Pike, Becky Buller, Rarely
Herd, Hard Ryde, Fairland, Monroe Crossing and The Harmans also are scheduled to
perform.

Lease said the festival, in its 13th year, draws hardcore bluegrass fans from
all over the Midwest as well as faithful local fans.

"Last year, over the course of the weekend, we had probably 2,400 to 2,500
people," he said. "This particular event is recognized in the Chicago area as
one of the largest indoor festivals."

The Grascals were named 2006 Entertainers of the Year by the International
Bluegrass Music Association at the association's music awards last fall in
Nashville, Lease said.

"They've toured with Dolly Parton," he said.

Several band members also have performed with country stars such as Garth Brooks
and Reba McIntire.

"We're real tickled this group will be part of the festival," Lease said.

Michael Cleveland carried home the 2006 Fiddle Player of the Year award from the
IBMA.

He and his band, Flamekeeper, will perform with Audie Blaylock at 1:45 and 7:45
p.m. Saturday.

The Martins, a family band, recently won an amateur band contest in Nashville,
Lease said. They'll be on stage at 9:20 p.m. Friday and at 1 and 7 p.m.
Saturday.

The festival also will feature music workshops, jam sessions and a fiddle
contest at 1 p.m. Sunday.

But the highlight, said Lease, is the nonstop entertainment that includes
national touring groups, high-profile bands and emerging talents.

"Here's a chance to collectively see several bands over the course of the
weekend," he said. "It's a very family-oriented event. It's a continual
multi-band concert."

When one band wraps up its performance, another takes the stage, pausing only
for sound checks before launching into a set, he said.

Afterward, band members often greet fans and sign autographs.

Lease said bluegrass is music that both accomplished musicians and novices can
enjoy listening to and playing.

"The skill level here is quite advanced," he said, adding that many musicians
play multiple instruments.

But among those who come for guitar or fiddle workshops are beginners who have
learned just a few chords. And they're equally welcome, he said.

Bluegrass, like jazz, allows for liberal amounts of improvisation, Lease said.

"The wonderful thing about bluegrass is there's a lot of free expression with
it," he said. "Country unplugged is basically what it is."

dupageneighbor@dailyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: napbluegrass_2ne032804br The annual Northern Illinois Bluegrass
Festival features a fiddle contest on Sunday for amateurs like Amber Worthman of
Yorkville, who played in 2004. BRIAN HILL/Daily Herald, March 2004
napbluegrass_1ne040205mb Art Stevenson, left, and his band, High Water, are past
performers at the festival. MARCELLE BRIGHT/Daily Herald, April 2005
napfiddle_1ne032506mb In addition to concerts by groups like The Lovell Sisters,
the Northern Illinois Bluegrass Festival offers workshops for all levels of
musicians. MARCELLE BRIGHT/Daily Herald, March 2006

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                             April 29, 2014 Tuesday

Walter Rubel: A recent history of America, as told through Charlie Daniels songs

BYLINE: Carlsbad Current-Argus

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 619 words


Charlie Daniels, who headlined the Las Cruces Country Music Festival on Friday,
is a singer, a fiddle and guitar player and a band leader. But most of all, he's
a story teller.

Daniels' most famous story involves a young lad named Johnny who risks his
immortal soul to win a fiddle made of gold, which always seemed like a bad bet
to me   golden fiddles having, one would assume, terrible sound quality.

But many of Daniels' stories are a reflection on the American condition when the
song was written, or at least his take on the American condition.

In 1973's "Uneasy Rider," Charlie tells us about a road trip to L.A. in which he
was "tokin' on a number and diggin' on the radio" when a flat tire in Jackson,
Miss., leads to a run-in with the John Birch Society locals. The song pokes fun
at rednecks with green teeth who Daniels outwits during a confrontation at the
Dew Drop Inn.

He was still singing pretty much the same tune in 1975's "Long Haired Country
Boy," in which he informed us, "I get stoned in the mornin', I get drunk in the
afternoon."

But by 1989's "Simple Man," his views on substance abuse had changed
dramatically:

"Now if I had my way with people sellin' dope

"I'd take a big tall tree and a short piece of rope

"I'd hang 'em up high and let 'em swing until the sun goes down."

I can't help but wonder if he really believes that whoever sold him all that
weed he bragged about smoking in the '70s deserves to be executed by hanging, or
if he's just pandering. I suspect the latter. For those not satisfied with
execution by hanging, the song also suggests a more cruel form of capital
punishment: tie the condemned to a stump in the swamp and let "the rattlers and
the bugs and the alligators do the rest."

In the presidential campaign of 1984, Ronald Reagan had declared it to be
"morning in America." Daniels beat him to the punch   capturing all of the
sentiment of that campaign in his 1980 song "In America."

"Well we're walkin' real proud

And we're talkin' real loud again (in America)"

Heck, Charlie, there's nothing new about that. Talking loud and walking proud is
pretty much what we're known for throughout the world.

By 1989, instead of poking fun at rednecks, Daniels was penning an homage to
them: "(What the World Needs is) A Few More Rednecks." In it, he waxes
countrified on political issues like taxes, gun control and even foreign policy:

"I don't care what nobody says

I don't trust ole Gorbachev."

How was he to know former General Secretary of the Communist Party Mikhail
Gorbachev was sincere when he proposed a fundamental transformation of the old
Soviet system?

Wikipedia notes that in 2003 Daniels wrote an open letter to "the Hollywood
bunch" defending the Iraq War, and has often made political statements on his
website, including one telling U.S. Sen. Majority Leader Harry Reid, "I am more
afraid of you and your ilk than I am of the terrorists."

None of which means that it wasn't a heck of a show Friday night. The old guy
may need a few more breaks these days, but he can still play. And when he turned
things over to his band, they were as tight and hot as could be.

Charlie Daniels has the same right to his political views as you and I have to
ours. He just has a larger platform from which to express them. And, I've got to
admit, it's next to impossible to listen to "The Legend of Wooley Swamp" without
at least tapping your toe.

For the organizers of the still-fledgling music festival, he was a great get.
Kudos to them.

But still, I'd love to sit down with him over a couple of cold ones and ask
about some of what is in his songs.

Walter Rubel is editorial page editor of the Las Cruces Sun-News. He can be
reached at wrubel@lcsun-news.com or follow @WalterRubel on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            April 26, 2014 Saturday

Walter Rubel: A recent history of America, as told through Charlie Daniels songs

BYLINE: Las Cruces Sun-News

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 621 words


Charlie Daniels, who headlined the Las Cruces Country Music Festival on Friday,
is a singer, a fiddle and guitar player and a band leader. But most of all, he's
a story teller.

Daniels' most famous story involves a young lad named Johnny who risks his
immortal soul to win a fiddle made of gold, which always seemed like a bad bet
to me   golden fiddles having, one would assume, terrible sound quality.

But many of Daniels' stories are a reflection on the American condition when the
song was written, or at least his take on the American condition.



In 1973's "Uneasy Rider," Charlie tells us about a road trip to L.A. in which he
was "tokin' on a number and diggin' on the radio" when a flat tire in Jackson,
Miss., leads to a run-in with the John Birch Society locals. The song pokes fun
at rednecks with green teeth who Daniels outwits during a confrontation at the
Dew Drop Inn.

He was still singing pretty much the same tune in 1975's "Long Haired Country
Boy," in which he informed us, "I get stoned in the mornin', I get drunk in the
afternoon."

But by 1989's "Simple Man," his views on substance abuse had changed
dramatically:

"Now if I had my way with people sellin' dope

"I'd take a big tall tree and a short piece of rope

"I'd hang 'em up high and let 'em swing until the sun goes down."

I can't help but wonder if he really believes that whoever sold him all that
weed he bragged about smoking in the '70s deserves to be executed by hanging, or
if he's just pandering. I suspect the latter. For those not satisfied with
execution by hanging, the song also suggests a more cruel form of capital
punishment: tie the condemned to a stump in the swamp and let "the rattlers and
the bugs and the alligators do the rest."

In the presidential campaign of 1984, Ronald Reagan had declared it to be
"morning in America." Daniels beat him to the punch   capturing all of the
sentiment of that campaign in his 1980 song "In America."

"Well we're walkin' real proud

And we're talkin' real loud again (in America)"

Heck, Charlie, there's nothing new about that. Talking loud and walking proud is
pretty much what we're known for throughout the world.

By 1989, instead of poking fun at rednecks, Daniels was penning an homage to
them: "(What the World Needs is) A Few More Rednecks." In it, he waxes
countrified on political issues like taxes, gun control and even foreign policy:

"I don't care what nobody says

I don't trust ole Gorbachev."

How was he to know former General Secretary of the Communist Party Mikhail
Gorbachev was sincere when he proposed a fundamental transformation of the old
Soviet system?

Wikipedia notes that in 2003 Daniels wrote an open letter to "the Hollywood
bunch" defending the Iraq War, and has often made political statements on his
website, including one telling U.S. Sen. Majority Leader Harry Reid, "I am more
afraid of you and your ilk than I am of the terrorists."

None of which means that it wasn't a heck of a show Friday night. The old guy
may need a few more breaks these days, but he can still play. And when he turned
things over to his band, they were as tight and hot as could be.

Charlie Daniels has the same right to his political views as you and I have to
ours. He just has a larger platform from which to express them. And, I've got to
admit, it's next to impossible to listen to "The Legend of Wooley Swamp" without
at least tapping your toe.

For the organizers of the still-fledgling Las Cruces Country Music Festival, he
was a great get. Kudos to them.

But still, I'd love to sit down with him over a couple of cold ones and ask
about some of what is in his songs.

Walter Rubel is editorial page editor of the Sun-News. He can be reached at
wrubel@lcsun-news.com or follow @WalterRubel on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2014 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             May 26, 2011 Thursday

DANCE BRIEFS

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 500 words


Thursday May 26, 2011

BSD's 'The Next Step' continues at NEYT

BRATTLEBORO -- The Brattleboro School of Dance continues its annual spring
performance titled "The Next Step," through Sunday at The New England Youth
Theatre, 100 Flat St.

This performance features 15 dances by 11 choreographers. Dancers from the age
of 6 to 60, including returning alumni, graduating seniors, WRCC performing arts
students, younger students and staff members, will soar through many different
styles of choreography, including ballet, modern dance, jazz, tap, belly dance
and a piece for the youngest dancers about a visit to the county fair.

The performances are on Friday and Saturday at 7:30 p.m., and Sunday at 4 p.m.
Tickets are available in advance at In The Moment at 143 Main St., and at the
theater on the performance dates. These performances have sold out for the last
two years so purchasing tickets in advance is recommended. Information is
available by calling 802-254-6884.

Brattleboro Dawn Dance is back

BRATTLEBORO -- On Sunday, dance aficionados from all over New England and beyond
will converge on Brattleboro to take part in the biannual Brattleboro Dawn
Dance, a 14-hour marathon of English country, contra and couple dancing in the
Gibson-Aiken Center, 207 Main St.

The Memorial Day Dawn Dance begins with English dancing from 2:30 to 5:30 p.m.,
led by Susan Kevra, a caller from Nashville, Tenn. known for her elegant and
fluent English dance leading. Music for the English dance segment will be
provided by Ethan Hazzard-Watkins on violin, Anna Patton on clarinet and Karen
Axelrod on piano.

At 8 p.m., caller Steve Zakon-Anderson of Hancock, N.H. will kick off the contra
dance portion of the evening with music by Alden Robinson on fiddle, Peter
Siegel on mandolin, guitar, and foot percussion, Mary Cay Brass on piano and
accordion and Matthew Kenney on percussion.

At midnight Brattleboro caller Adina Gordon joins forces with Great Bear Trio
for the second contra dance set. Great Bear Trio features brothers Andrew
VanNorstrand on fiddle, guitar and bouzouki and Noah VanNorstrand on fiddle,
mandolin and foot percussion, and their mother Kim Yerton on piano. They play a
unique, high-energy blend of traditional and original material and regularly
tour all over North America.

The final set of contra dancing begins at 3:30 a.m., with Vermont caller Mary
Wesley joined by Matching Orange, a trio of musicians from the Boston area
consisting of Brendan Carey Block on fiddle, Eric McDonald on guitar and
mandolin, and Eric Eid-Reiner on piano.

Tickets are $10 for the English dance segment, $20 for the contra segment, or
$25 for both ($7, $15 or $22 for students and seniors). Tickets can be purchased
at www.dawndance.org , or at the door from 2:30 to 6 p.m., and form 7:30 p.m.
until sold out. For more information, visit www.dawndance.org , e-mail
info@dawndance.org , or contact the Dawn Dance Committee at 802-257-9234.
Dancers should bring clean sneakers or soft-soled shoes to protect the floor.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                           February 16, 2017 Thursday
                              Worcester TG Edition

Worcester signal lost in Boston static

SECTION: OPINION; 9

LENGTH: 532 words


It's February. It's snow season. We're sure you've spent some time in front of
the television watching and listening about all the white stuff. We've all seen
the meteorologists getting passionate about the size of the storms and the
reporters standing at ocean's edge.

"Boston is going to get hit with 10 inches, the North Shore is going to see up
to 12, down on the Cape, they can expect 8 inches, and out west of 495, they may
see 16 inches of snow ... now let's send it over to Cheryl who is with the
Boston DPW on the Common ... "

West of 495? Is that where we live?

For too long, the Worcester area has played second fiddle (or is it fourth
fiddle?) on the Boston-centric television newscasts. Most of you probably know
that Worcester is the second largest city in New England. The third largest?
That would be Providence, which has its own set of nationally affiliated local
TV stations.

The fourth largest? That would be Springfield, which also has its own TV
affiliates. Then comes the three-headed group of Bridgeport, New Haven and
Hartford, each covered by at least one or even more stations in their own
market.

But not here in Worcester County. We're considered part of the Boston DMA, or
Designated Market Area. While Worcester County itself is 40 percent larger
geographically (although with not quite the same population) than the entire
state of Rhode Island, we're just, in most cases, an after-thought to the Boston
market.

And the TV stations treat this area that way. Some of you may recall the glory
days of Worcester's UHF Channel 27. For many, Channel 27 was candle-pin bowling
and old black and white B-movies, but for many others, having a local TV station
was a source of real pride. Channel 27 is now a Spanish-language Univision
affiliate located in Needham although still using the local transmitter.

As a media entity ourselves, we know how hard the business is these days. The
internet has turned the entire media industry, including television, upside down
and there are more news and information options now than at any other time in
our history. Media is not the entity it once was. Some might even recall when at
least two Boston television stations had local bureaus in Worcester.

But the second largest city in New England, and its suburbs should not, and
cannot be continually ignored by our neighbors in Boston.

We at the Telegram & Gazette take great pride in being the voice of Central
Massachusetts. Whether in print, online, through Facebook Live and other social
media, we know how valuable, and how important this region is to the state.

Will someone someday step up and take another shot at broadcast television in
this area? The odds of that are rather slim, but each time you turn on Channels
4, 5, 7, 25 or the new NBC Boston on cable and over the air, if you can believe
it, on channels 8.1 and 60.5 for your "local" television news coverage, unless
it's a murder or a catastrophe, we're second-class citizens.

Perhaps someday your largest regional information provider, the T&G, will fill
this void. Never say never. But for now, our region is relegated to second class
status by our broadcast neighbors to the east, and that's both unfortunate and
wrong.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2017 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            August 23, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Parenteau's got a plan

BYLINE: Kelly-Anne Riess, Special to The Leader-Post

SECTION: WHAT'S ON; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 526  words


DONNY PARENTEAU

Swift Current Country Music Jamboree

10 p.m., Sunday

- - -

Donny Parenteau is a rising Saskatchewan star in the Canadian country music
scene -- he even has the awards and nominations to prove it.

Parenteau was nominated for a record-breaking 10 awards at this year's
Saskatchewan Country Music Awards. He was able to take home five of those
awards, including producer of the year and aboriginal artist of the year."

Now Parenteau is nominated for the Chevy rising star award at the Canadian
Country Music Awards to be held in Regina Sept. 7-10.

"It's been a pretty good year," said Parenteau. "It's really great to get the
recognition for my singing and songwriting."

Parenteau is already known for his fiddle playing. At last year's CCMAs, he was
nominated for fiddle player of the year.

The rising star award proves to Parenteau that he has the singing chops as well.
Whether Parenteau wins the award or not, he already feels like he's won.

The self-taught fiddle player has been in the music industry for over 12 years,
having paid his dues by playing for Neal McCoy's band in the U.S.

Parenteau decided to leave the band five years ago and head back to his
hometown, Prince Albert, where he would start work on his solo career.

Having duel citizenship, Parenteau could have launched his solo career from
anywhere in the U.S. or Canada.

Parenteau chose Prince Albert because of the support from his family and friends
that are there.

He also enjoys being able to test out his music on a Saskatchewan audience,
which he said are tougher than audiences elsewhere.

"You really have to work to get a standing ovation here," he said.

Growing up, Parenteau always told his parents he was going to play at the Grand
Ole Opry, live in Nashville and build his parents a lakeside cottage.

"My parents always laughed, because I was just a little kid saying this," said
Parenteau.

Since having played for McCoy, Parenteau has been able to do all he said he
would, except for the cottage on the lake.

Parenteau is hoping his work ethic will bring him even more success as a solo
artist.

"It's a 24/7 type of job for me," Parenteau said about being a musician.

He and his wife, who acts as his manager, have been handling both the music and
the business sides of Parenteau's career. They only recently hired public
relations expert, Irene Carroll, to help out with publicity.

While some say Paranteau's solo career is on the verge of a major breakthrough.
Regardless of what happens, Parenteau said he will never stop making music.

Before his father died, Parenteau promised him he would try to take the
"Parenteau" name as far as he can in the music industry.

Over the next five years, Parenteau would like to tour his act, not only across
Canada but down into the U.S. and over to Europe.

"If I can visualize it, it's going to happen," he said.

In the meantime, Parenteau will be appearing at the Swift Current Country Music
Jamboree on Sunday.

"I give 100 per cent," said Parenteau about his live performances. "I like to
get the crowd involved. Sometimes I'll ask them to yell out what they want to
hear."

McCoy never used a set list, so Parenteau is used to thinking on his feet.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Donny Parenteau is beginning to attract attention as a solo
artist. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           February 25, 2012 Saturday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Fiddle Master: Mark O'Connor performs with the BPO

BYLINE: By Mary Kunz Goldman

SECTION: BLOGS; The Gusto Blog

LENGTH: 209 words


Mark O'Connor has mastered the distinctly American, strangely poignant art of
the country fiddler -- and, at the same time, he has classical grace and
virtuosity. He has a tremendous regard for the bittersweet rags, polkas and
reels, Stephen Foster ballads and folk melodies that make up America's rich
history. He pays tribute to them on his newest CD, "American Classics."

O'Connor's own compositions mirror the music he loves. He dazzled our area three
years agowhen he played his whirlwind Fiddle Concerto with the Orchard Park
Symphony. This weekend, he is coming to Kleinhans Music Hall, to join the
Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra in a performance of his Improvised Violin
Concerto. Commissioned by the Boston Youth Symphony Orchestra, this new concerto
was premiered in Boston just a week ago. If it is anything like the Fiddle
Concerto he played here last time, it should be lively and colorful.

The concerto is the centerpiece of a program that also features Four Dance
Episodes from Aaron Copland's "Rodeo"; Roy Harris' one-movement Symphony No. 3;
and John Adams' "Lollapalooza." Associate Conductor Matthew Kraemer conducts.

This festival of Americana takes place at 8 p.m. today (Feb. 25) and 2:30 p.m.
Sunday (Feb. 26). For info visit www.bpo.org.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark O'Connor performs this weekend with the Buffalo Philharmonic
Orchestra

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            February 24, 2012 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Fiddle master

SECTION: GUSTO; Pg. G26

LENGTH: 214 words


Mark O'Connor has mastered the distinctly American, strangely poignant art of
the country fiddler -- and, at the same time, he has classical grace and
virtuosity. He has a tremendous regard for the bittersweet rags, polkas and
reels, Stephen Foster ballads and folk melodies that make up America's rich
history. He pays tribute to them on his newest CD, "American Classics." (See
review on Page 20.)

O'Connor's own compositions mirror the music he loves. He dazzled our area three
years agowhen he played his whirlwind Fiddle Concerto with the Orchard Park
Symphony. This weekend, he is coming to Kleinhans Music Hall, to join the
Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra in a performance of his Improvised Violin
Concerto. Commissioned by the Boston Youth Symphony Orchestra, this new concerto
was premiered in Boston just a week ago. If it is anything like the Fiddle
Concerto he played here last time, it should be lively and colorful.

The concerto is the centerpiece of a program that also features Four Dance
Episodes from Aaron Copland's "Rodeo"; Roy Harris' one-movement Symphony No. 3;
and John Adams' "Lollapalooza." Associate Conductor Matthew Kraemer conducts.

This festival of Americana takes place at 8 p.m. Saturday and 2:30 p.m. Sunday.
For info visit www.bpo.org.

-- Mary Kunz Goldman

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark O'Connor performs with the Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra this
weekend.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                             January 6, 2012 Friday

Local fiddler will share stage with bluegrass icons

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 627 words



HIGHLIGHT: Ericka Lytle

Leland Heflin became the Oregon Zoo's 50 millionth visitor.

---

Martin Stevens

---


He begged for a fiddle when he was 5. Later, he won the Washington State
Fiddler's Contest. Multiple times.
That love for the fiddle has led Martin Stevens to be part of the RiverCity
Music Festival this weekend at the Red Lion on the River in Jantzen Beach. The
highlight at the Portland gig is music legend and flat-picking icon Dan Crary
and singer-songwriter Steve Spurgin. Their band is Dan Crary and Thunderation (
http://www.thunderation.com
).

Stevens can say his brothers are responsible for him getting into music. He
followed along when they started jamming with Chick Rose in Vancouver. Like any
little brother, he wanted to do what the big boys were doing. That's when he
asked for a fiddle.
Stevens said, "Bluegrass is very social, and I met a lot of great musicians. I
still play with them today."
His association with Rose and the other youngsters he met during the days of
jamming with Rose has led to future gigs.
Music was what matters most to Stevens. In February 2009, he started playing
with friends - musicians he met at the Rose jam sessions. Something clicked and
the music was good. But the band had no name, no gigs and no plans. They formed
The Bluegrass Regulators. The band is doing well and in 2010 the band released
its first CD featuring mostly original pieces.
Stevens said, "It is a little bizarre that I performed a Spurgin song when I
was just starting, and now I will join Crary and Spurgin on stage."
Along with performing, Stevens is excited about teaching bluegrass newcomers in
the manner of his old friend Rose, who died in 2011.
Stevens attends Washington State University Vancouver and has a couple of years
left to earn his teaching degree. He wants to teach elementary-school students.
He said he will offer a little of his music in the classroom.
On the web:
http://www.bluegrassregulators.com
.
-Mary Ricks
Camas 6-year-old wins title as 50 millionth visitor to Oregon Zoo
Six-year-old Leland Heflin's trip to the Oregon Zoo's annual ZooLights display
just got a bit brighter. On Dec. 27, the Portland attraction reached a
milestone, welcoming its 50 millionth visitor since the current zoo opened in
1959. To decide the lucky 50 millionth visitor, zoo officials held a drawing
that night.
Leland's mom, Ericka Lytle, 34, told the story: "We were home maybe five
minutes when we got a phone call, and my daughter answers. She said, 'Uh Mom,
Leland won.' I was like, 'What?!'"
"I had put all our names in the drawing. They were giving everyone a chance to
be the 50 millionth visitor."
Leland won a one-year zoo membership, gift bags from the zoo's gift shop, and
the biggest surprise of all, the opportunity to help deliver Packy the
elephant's 50th birthday cake at a party this April.
"He's really excited to get to see Packy," said Ericka.
When Leland heard the news, he said, "I was so excited, I almost fell asleep.
But I was still awake and my mom said 'Leland you won,' and then Mom said, 'You
get to feed Packy!' It was exciting!"
Leland said his favorite animals are elephants and giraffes, "because elephants
like peanuts, and I like peanuts, too." When asked what kind of birthday gift
Leland would pick out for Packy, he said it would be lots of peanuts.
The zoo drew more than 1.5 million visitors in 2011, the fifth year in a row
that visitation has topped that mark.
Leland and his family, who live in Camas, are frequent visitors to the Oregon
Zoo. "It's a fun, educational experience," Erika said. "I act more a kid there
then my kids do sometimes!"
Leland just enjoys seeing all the animals. "I love monkeys; sometimes I act
like a monkey," he said.
- Ashley Swanson
Bits 'n' Pieces appears Mondays and Fridays. If you have a story you'd like to
share, call Ruth Zschomler, 360-735-4530, or email
ruth.zschomler@columbian.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Western Telegraph

                              May 26, 2014 Monday

Champion fiddlers continue American folk tradition

SECTION: MUSIC

LENGTH: 336 words


AMERICAN folk multi-instrumentalists the Corn Potato String Band bring their
authentic Appalachian folk style to Burnetts Hill Chapel, Martletwy, on Tuesday,
June 3.

Having delighted audiences across the US, Canada, Europe and Mexico with their
driving fiddle tunes and harmonious singing, these champion fiddlers are keen to
continue the traditional fiddle and banjo music and dance of the central
southern US.

In addition to being champion fiddlers, they play banjo and guitar and cover
many different antiquated styles including ballads, "ho-downs," country "rags"
and southern gospel, specialising in twin fiddling and double banjo tunes.

Aaron Jonah Lewis is a multi-instrumentalist, performer and educator. He has won
awards at the Clifftop Appalachian String Band Festival, including First Place
Neotraditional Band in 2008, and at the Galax Old Fiddlers Convention, including
First Place Bluegrass Fiddle in 2007, and he has performed at major festivals
from the US to the UK and from Italy to Finland.

Lewis has appeared on dozens of recordings from bluegrass and old time to swing
jazz, modern experimental and Turkish classical music projects.

He also plays and teaches banjo, mandolin, guitar, and bass and is currently
based in Nashville, Tennessee.

Lindsay McCaw has been playing American old time music for over 15 years. She
performs music and calls dances around the country.

McCaw plays fiddle, banjo, guitar, accordion and piano. She is also part of
several theatre and puppet companies, including her own, called The Dolly
Wagglers.

Ben Belcher is an accomplished banjo player and a talented artist and guitarist.
He has distinguished himself with such awards as the Independent Music World
Series, which he won with The Hot Seats in Nashville, TN, in 2006, First Place
Neotraditional Band at the Appalachian String Band Festival in 2008 and a Herald
Angel award at the 2009 Edinburgh Fringe.

The gig starts at 7.30pm and tickets, priced at £10, are available from Main
Street Music, Pembroke, or on the door.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 30, 2012 Monday

Fiddlin' fun

BYLINE: Jennifer Preyss, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 727 words


April 30--HALLETTSVILLE -- Bubba Hopkins marched confidently on stage at the
Knights of Columbus Hall in Hallettsville on Sunday -- a fiddle in one hand, a
fiddle bow in the other.

Performing third in the Hallettsville Texas State Championship Fiddlers' Frolics
competition, the young fiddler was as confident and unnerved as any seasoned,
old-timer musician in the hall.

Surrounded by three acoustic guitarists and a double bassist, Hopkins opted to
perform the classic fiddling tune "Dusty Miller."

"I'm never worried about it. A lot of other people my age get nervous before
they have to go on, and they'll walk around and practice before they go. But I
never get nervous," Hopkins said.

He needed to impress a panel of judges, who would be examining 28 competitors in
Sunday's fiddle contest.

The rapid pace of Hopkins' left fingers moved swiftly across the neck of the
instrument, which were matched only by the speed of the bow moving across the
strings.

A crowd of about 300 hurled cheers and applause at the stage, as Hopkins neared
the end of his song.

The 22-year-old Fort Worth resident has performed many times at the KC Hall, and
has competed in the fiddling contest since he was 13 years old.

Last year, Hopkins placed second at Fiddlers'; the year before, he won third.
This year, he again won second place and a $1,250 cash prize.

Even though Hopkins entered the contest to win, at Fiddlers' Frolics, everyone
is a winner.

"I've competed in more than 300 of these types of competitions, but this one is
my favorite," he said.

The family-friendly atmosphere with outdoor vendors and multiple bands playing
live music throughout the day, makes the fiddle contest more about having fun
than the rigid, stuffy competitions.

"It's relaxed here, nobody cares. People come dressed in whatever they want. And
if you don't win, no one gets mad. And no one gets mad at anyone else for
winning," Hopkins said. "There's a lot of politics in fiddlin' ... and I don't
do that stuff."

Both the instrument and musical genre are more often associated with men of a
certain age, but Hopkins said playing the fiddle is something he's known and
loved for 17 years. He knows he's young, but he knows he can compete on a higher
level as well.

"I wish more younger people in the general public knew more about it, and what
it was and how it's different from blue grass," he said. "But there's a ton of
people my age that play."

A native of Oklahoma, Hopkins said he was originally introduced to the music by
his grandparents, who took him to the World Series of Fiddling when he was 3
years old. A few years later, he picked up the instrument and started to play.

"I wouldn't say I was a natural at it when I first started, but it wasn't hard,"
he said. "I like the fiddle because of the people that are involved in it. All
these people have regular day jobs. I wouldn't do it for fame and money, and
neither would they. That's not for me."

A spectator of the four-day festival, David Briggs, said he was impressed with
the level of musicianship from each of the fiddlers.

"We came for the whole event because I love this type of music," said Briggs, of
Eden. "I've been impressed with the music. A lot of them are really talented."

Another spectator and former fiddling competitor, Bobbi Glaze Brauner, said she
enjoys returning the festival each year because it's like a big family reunion.

Brauner's former fiddling instructor, Michael Weise, also competed Sunday.

"On a personal level, this gets in your blood," Brauner, 46, said.

Playing fiddle since age 6, Brauner said she was one of the first women to
compete in the male-dominated contest nearly two decades ago at age 18.

"I won second place one year. That's the closest I ever came to a woman winning
the competition," she said. "Today, there are a lot of girls who play fiddle.
It's great to see women carry on the tradition because they're just as good."

At the end of the all-day contest, which included multiple rounds and songs,
Dennis Ludiker won first place and the $1,500 cash prize.

Hopkins won second place, and Ricky Turpin won third place and $1,000.

"Fiddling is much more musical than most people realize," Hopkins said. "And the
people here are really good at it."

___ (c)2012 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120430-VI-Fiddlin-fun-0430-20120430

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2012 Victoria Advocate

                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            June 22, 2011 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

Savannah River Bluegrass

BYLINE: By Crystal Garcia< North Augusta Today Editor

SECTION: NA TODAY; Pg. 005

LENGTH: 323 words


Savannah River Bluegrass will perform at Thursday's Music in the Park outdoor
concert series.

The band was founded in 1994 by Darryl Hudson and Ronnie Davis. Members include:
Hudson, plays guitar and sings lead and baritone; Davis, plays bass and sings
bass; Gary Oxley, plays mandolin and sings lead and baritone; Steve Smith, plays
banjo and sings lead and tenor; and Roger Abernathy, plays fiddle and sings lead
and harmony parts.

Hudson said it's been about six years since the band last performed at Music in
the Park.

"Each one of us has written songs that will be performed at the park concert,"
Hudson said. "We do both original songs and songs of the bluegrass legends such
as Bill Monroe, Flatt and Scruggs, The Osborne Brothers, as well as old country
artists such as Webb Pierce, Hank Locklin and The Louvin Brothers."

Bluegrass is real country music, Hudson said.

"It's a conglomerate of fiddle music brought to this country from Ireland,
England and other parts of Europe, and mandolin music from Italy," he said. "The
banjo was actually brought to this country by African slaves. As immigrants
settled into the mountainous regions of West Virginia, Virginia, western North
Carolina and east Tennessee, they would have square dances and people would get
out on the front porch and dance either flat footin' or clogging to the sounds
of fiddle and banjo."

Bluegrass is "pure American music," he said, handed down through generations.

"Much of this music has never been written down on paper, but taught on the
front porches in the summer time or in the living rooms around an old wood stove
in the winter time," he said.

The band has produced three CDs and travels mostly in North Carolina, South
Carolina and Georgia, Hudson said. A fourth CD will be released in late summer.

For information about the band or to hear its music, visit
www.reverbnation.com/savannahriverbluegrass.

Reach Crystal Garcia atcrystal.garcia@northaugustatoday.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Feather River Bulletin (Quincy, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 6, 2013

Local fiddlers bring home trophies from fiddling championship

BYLINE: Feather River Bulletin staff

LENGTH: 266  words


Two local fiddle players recently brought trophies home from the Western Open
Fiddling Championship, which was held in Red Bluff on Oct. 25 and 26.

Tallon Sandoval, of Janesville, won top honors in his division, placing first in
the Junior Division. Sandoval is 16 years old and is Johny McDonald's top fiddle
student at Face the Music Studio in Quincy. Sandoval played "Done Gone," "Golden
Fiddle Waltz" and "Texas Serenade" for his first round. He played "Dusty
Miller," "Fritz's Waltz" and "Wild Fiddler's Rag" for his second round.

Sandoval and McDonald placed third in the Entertainment Division, playing a
soulful rendition of "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" as a violin and cello duet.
The audience was thoroughly entertained by McDonald's cackling laugh portraying
the Wicked Witch from "The Wizard of Oz": "Ahh, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, you and your
little dog Toto too!"

McDonald placed first in the Adult Division, playing "Hungry as a Bear,"
"Aretha's Waltz" and an original polka called "Don't Rain on My Parade." In her
second round she played "Bonnie Kate," "Daughter's Waltz" and an original rag
called "Sealy's Rag."

McDonald was accompanied by Dave Johns, of Meadow Valley.

Sandoval and McDonald have a twin fiddling CD,

"Collide," which they printed in April 2011. CDs are available at Face the Music
Studio, Epilog Books and the Plumas County Museum.

Sandoval and McDonald earned the titles of state twin fiddling champions and
national twin fiddling champions (people's choice) in 2011 at Weiser, Idaho. The
duo also placed second in the California State Twin Fiddling Division in March
2012.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FTH

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 Feather River Bulletin

                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             March 29, 2004 Monday
                           DuPage Edition; F3 Edition

Not their moms' music Bluegrass wins young fans at Naperville fest

BYLINE: Amy Boerema, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 390 words


Andrew Pearson says his music allows him to let loose and have a good time.

The 14-year-old isn't referring to rap, as many of his fellow teens would think.
He's also not talking about alternative music or even good old-fashioned rock
'n' roll.

For Andrew, playing the fiddle is the best way to express himself.

"It's so different from classical music," he said. "That's all prim and proper,
but with the fiddle, you can have a fun time."

Andrew, of Batavia, was one of about 15 youngsters participating in a fiddle
contest Sunday at the Holiday Inn-Select in Naperville.

The contest wrapped up the 10th annual Bluegrass Music Festival, which drew
about 2,500 visitors through its three-day run.

Bluegrass is best known for its use of acoustic instruments, such as the banjo
or mandolin, and an emphasis on vocal harmony.

Bluegrass artists from around the nation also gave guests lessons in clogging,
Irish step, guitar and fiddle.

Andrew took home a $50 cash prize for tying for first place in the fiddle
contest's junior division. Judges scored the children, who performed both slow
and fast-paced pieces, on presentation and skill.

"It's a great experience for them to be onstage and practice," event producer
Jan Lease said.

Bluegrass artist Bill Hansen, from North Carolina, said the kids practiced all
morning for the contest.

"They've been doing great," he said. "To see that kind of genuine interest
really makes a difference. Things like this will keep bluegrass going in future
generations."

He said it takes courage to play the fiddle with the more mainstream types of
music out there.

"I give the kids credit for bucking the trend," he said. "It takes a strong
personality to be an individualist."

Lease said bluegrass music seems to have grown among the younger generation.
"Our youth today really hunger for more types of self- expression," she said.

John Maupin, 11, of St. Charles agreed. "If you're feeling happy, you can play
something upbeat," he said. "If you're sad, you can play a waltz."

For Andrew, playing the fiddle allows him plenty of room to improvise. "Once you
learn the tunes, you can do whatever you want," he said. "It's great."

Amber Wortham, 18, of Yorkville, said she grew up with bluegrass music.

"These songs have meaning, rather than being about sex and drugs," she said.
"They're about family and God and friendship."

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Amber Wortham, 18, of Yorkville prepares to perform in a fiddle contest
at Holiday Inn-Select in Naperville. The contest was part of the Bluegrass Music
Festival, which ended on Sunday. Brian Hill/Daily Herald Bill Hansen of
Clearwater Connection opens the 10th annual Bluegrass Music Festival Sunday
afternoon at Holiday Inn-Select in Naperville. Brian Hill/Daily Herald

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 9, 2011 Wednesday

BRIEF: Documentary on Fiddlers' Frolics making world premiere in Austin

BYLINE: Sonny Long, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 253 words


March 09--"The Devil's Box" is about to be unleashed.

The documentary on the world of competition fiddle playing, filmed mainly at the
2009 and 2010 Hallettsville's Fiddlers' Frolics, will make its premiere
Thursday, March 17 at Austin's South by Southwest Film Festival.

Kenneth Henneke, one of the organizers of the Fiddlers' Frolics, is ecstatic
about the film's debut.

"I've not seen the final cut, but I've seen enough of it to know that it's
outstanding," Henneke said.

Director Jason Hammond and producer Beth Jasper spent more than a year immersed
in fiddle culture. The 93-minute film is a tribute to fiddle music and the
players who have passed it on from generation to generation, according to a
partial synopsis of the documentary.

Among the fiddlers featured in the film are Wes Westmoreland III, Mia Orosco,
Dennis Ludiker, Larry Franklin, Bubba Hopkins, Sedra Bistodeau, Carl Hopkins,
Steve Williams, Bryan Duckworth and Wade Stockton.

"People who love this kind of music follow it fanatically," said Henneke. "When
this thing hits nationally, Hallettsville just might grow all the way to
Victoria."

The 2011 Fiddlers' Frolic is scheduled for April 15-17.

Sponsored Links

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110309-VI-BRF-Documentary-on-Fiddlers-Frolics-making-world-premiere-in-Austin-
0309-20110309

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2011 Victoria Advocate

                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 11, 2002 Thursday Five Star Lift Edition

(PHOTOS ONLY) THE FIDDLES AND THE FEET

SECTION: ST. CLAIR-MONROE POST; Pg. 4

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: KEEPING POSTED

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; PHOTOS BY ROD BOREN - THE FIDDLES AND THE FEET; Members of the
Cadence Cloggers in Shiloh perform at the 23rd annual Fiddle Contest and
Bluegrass Show Saturday at the O'Fallon Knights of Columbus Hall.; Alex Baker,
11, of St. Louis, plays the violin during the contest. Alex, who is legally
blind, has been playing for four years.; Alyssa Shaver, 9, and her brother, Marc
Shaver, 11, of Belleville, warm up before performing at the fiddle contest. Many
bands performed for the crowds over the weekend as part of the Bluegrass show.

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             May 26, 2011 Thursday

N.B. OLD TYME FIDDLE ORCHESTRA returns to IMPERIAL THEATRE

BYLINE:

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 1336  words


It's a sound that has to be experienced - the deep resonance of more than 100
fiddlers and their accompanists on one stage: Saint John's acoustically grand
Imperial Theatre stage. Revel in the sound of an old-time fiddle amplified 100
times over at the New Brunswick Old Tyme Fiddle Orchestra's 14th annual concert
on June 4 at 7 p.m.

"Sure," I thought, when Marie and Jim Gerrior told me of their plan for the
first N.B. Fiddle Orchestra concert 15 years ago. "Good luck on getting that
many fiddlers in sync."

As it turned out, the plan's been foolproof so far. The massive orchestra is
divided into platoons, each following the lead of a master fiddler within their
sight who, by his or her vast experience, has developed the uncanny ability to
perform an almost limitless repertoire perfectly attuned.

This year, Miramichi Fiddlers will be led by Norman Young and a group of
cloggers will perform with their troupe.

The Moncton area fiddlers, led by Ivan Hicks, will have young step-dancers
performing with them.

Winston Crawford leads a Southern N.B. Fiddle group. Fredericton fiddler Ob
Abernethy, sings the Ned Landry hit Little Bear Waltz and young Alexander Banks,
a local favourite, will step dance to the group's lively tunes.

Garold Hanscom leads the Wednesday Evening Fiddlers, from the Woodstock and
Perth-Andover areas and a few from Maine. Many young fiddlers and step dancers
perform with them. Garold brings a busload down every year.

As well as selections by the massive orchestra, the four contingents each will
step forward individually to perform 20-minute segments. George Boone, president
of the Maritime Fiddle Association will sing a Gospel favourite or two and
Howard Ross joins in with his harmonica and opens the show with the Sherbrooke
Reel .

The concert ends with the Don Messer favourite Till We Meet Again (a.k.a. Smile
Awhile).

All monies raised go to enable the orchestra's young musicians to attend summer
fiddle camps. The musicians donate their time and talents and travel at their
own expense. Down East Style fiddling has been the favourite music of
traditional Eastern Canadian and New England musicians and music fans for
several generations.

Its survival depends on support for this concert and other yearly fiddle events
like it.

Tickets are $14 at the Imperial box office, 674-4100, www.imperialtheatre.nb.ca.

SUSSEX SMITTY'S FRIDAY

There is a real treat for country music fans on Friday from 7 to 9 p.m. at
Smitty's Family Restaurant's Banquet Room, in the Gateway/Wal-Mart Mall in
Sussex. Anyone who sees Claudette Norman perform knows she is a class act. Her
performance during a Valley Jamboree in Sussex a couple of Novembers ago was my
introduction to this outstanding Charlotte County singer, guitarist and
songwriter. Her revamping of the Australian song I've Been Everywhere is
hilarious. It's about her husband celebrating an anniversary by taking her on a
tour of their home county; on another a tour of Saint John County, then on
another to Kings County's many fabled places. It's ingenious and available on
one of her four solo CDs. Tickets are $5. Call 433-2575 or Dave Stewart at
433-2122 to reserve.

MOSS GLEN PARTY FRIDAY

A Peninsula Kitchen Party on Friday at 7 p.m. at the Canadian Legion Branch 62
(Moss Glen), 1356 Route 845, Kingston Peninsula, features Sylvia Campbell,
Geraldine Charters, Fraser Smith and The Long Reach Kitchen Gang. Admission is a
$5 minimum donation. All proceeds go to the branch. Hot dogs will be available
for $1 each.

HILLSBOROUGH 'C' SATURDAY

A 'C' Company Grand Ole Country Concert goes on Saturday at 7 p.m. at Kiwanis
Community Centre in Hillborough and features hosts Donna and Clayton Colpitt on
acoustic guitars and vocals; Reid Carter on bass and mandolin; Elvis Beaulieu on
drums and vocals; Ti-John Leblanc on lead guitar and vocals; Andre (Coco) McGraw
on steel; Winston Crawford on fiddle; Fred Shaw on guitar, vocals and yodelling;
Moe Leblanc, five-year-old Tiffany Beaulieu and seven-year-old Hailey Colpitts.
Admission is $10 at door.

BAYVIEW COUNTRY SATURDAY

A Bayview Has (Country) Talent Show on Saturday at 7 p.m. at Sussex Regional
High, is sponsored by Bayview Credit Union, Sussex Branch. Its member/owners
will perform a Country Music Benefit joined onstage by many talented friends.
Hosted by Carmen McAllister, it features rising young country star Darren
McGinnis; local recording artists Debbie Harrity and Danny Brown; Carrie
McAllister, Audrey and Leon Daigle backed by Bob Burgess on drums and vocals;
Chris Crawford on fiddle; John Jeffries on steel; Merv Emanuel on keyboard. All
profits go to Sussex High for refurbishment of its theatre: painting, carpeting
and new chairs, curtains, lights and paint. Assigned seats are $10 at Bayview
Credit Union and Morris Music in Sussex or at the door.

WILF CARTER CONCERT SATURDAY

The annual spring Wilf Carter and Old Time Country Night on Saturday at 7 p.m.
at Northeast Kings Education Centre in Canning, N.S., features yodelling singer
Andy Bowes (Ottawa) with Floyd Spicer; Rough Edges with Delbert Saulnier, Paul
Moulaison, Mike Surrette and Don Doucet; Gordie Giles and Nathan Haley.
Storytelling columnist and humorist Laurent d' Entremont is the MC. Tickets are
$10 at Cochrane's Pharmacy in Wolfville or Canning, or at the door.

JOEY KNIGHT TRIBUTE SATURDAY

A Joey Knight Country Gospel Concert on Saturday at 7 p.m. at The Playhouse in
Fredericton is now a tribute to the country music legend who died two Saturdays
ago following surgery. Featured will be: The Ascensions, Gerry Flowers, Violet
Paisley, Joanie Storey, Sterling Peterson, Patrick Kelly, Steve Waylon and Mayor
Brad Woodside. CJRI-FM's Gerald Rushton and Randy Griffiths are the MCs. Tickets
are $10 at The Playhouse, 458-8344, www.theplayhouse.nb.ca.

TWO SUSSEX CHORAL CONCERTS

The Sussex Choral Society hosts two spring concerts. The first is this Sunday is
at St. Francis Xavier Church in Sussex at 7:30 p.m. The second is Monday at 7:30
p.m. at Portland United Church in Saint John. Both concerts feature the highly
acclaimed Sussex Choral Society Singers with guest appearances by soloist Laura
Higgins, the Contrast Pop Ensemble and an a cappella group Polyphon. The SCS, a
fine amateur chorus, has flourished for more than 15 years. It mixes
professional-level soloists with young chorus singers. It's directed by David
Mitchell, with accompaniment by Karen Gallagher. Tickets are $15 for both
concerts at the doors. To reserve for Sussex visit Connie's Collectables or
Winterwood. Saint John tickets are available at the Church of the Good Shepherd
on Manawagonish Road.

CUMBERLAND BAY GOSPEL JUNE 4

The Cumberland Bay Pentecostal Church invites you to An Evening of Gospel Music,
June 4, 7 p.m. Featured will be Erdie &Julie Price from the Miramichi; Minto
Wall of Fame's Gerry Flowers; Cumberland Bay's famed pianist Marjorie Phillips
and Pastor Murray Moore whose new CD The Lighthouse is now available. All
proceeds go to The Mission. The church is located in Cumberland Bay (go off
Highway 10 exit and you'll see a church sign).

QUISPAMSIS EXEMPTIONS SATURDAY

The Exemptions, a Quispamsis teen music act, perform in concert on Saturday at 7
p.m. at Kennebecasis Valley High School. They are four singing musicians aged 14
to 16. It's an act built around the voice of drummer Chuck Comeau. The band
performs originals as well as covers of Simple Plan, Taylor Swift, Katy Perry,
Marianas Trench and others. Advance tickets are $5 by calling 849-4220 or at
door. All proceeds go to The Give 2011 for stem cell therapy.

DANIEL O'DONNELL JUNE 5

One of the world's most popular singers of the past decade Daniel O'Donnell
triumphantly returns to Saint John's Harbour Station on June 5 at 7 p.m. It's a
lavish production with acclaimed Irish concert artist Mary Duff and Daniel's
wife Majella joining him and his band onstage. Get your tickets at Harbour
Station's box office, 657-1234, www.harbourstation.ca.

Gerry Taylor www.gerrytaylor.ca has covered folk and country music for more than
30 years.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2011 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Arkansas: Old Time Fiddle Weekend

LENGTH: 109  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Department of Parks & Tourism, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following event detail:


Ozark Folk Center State Park
September 19, 2014 - September 20, 2014
Admission: TBA

All fiddle all the time this weekend, with a special emphasis on traditional old
time Ozark style. Nightly concerts and instruction featuring some of the premier
players as well as a good ol' fashioned fiddle contest. For more information
please visit us online at www.ozarkfolkcenter.com.


Ozark Folk Center State Park
1032 Park Avenue
Mountain View, AR  72560

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  http://www.arkansasstateparks.com


LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            March 24, 2011 Thursday

CD release

BYLINE: Karen Nugent

SECTION: GO!; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 189 words


COLUMN: TEN THINGS TO DO

They're all grown up now, but it wasn't so long ago that brother and sister duo
Lee and Elaine Roy entertained locals in the Fitchburg-Leominster area with
their country tunes and traditional French Canadian folk songs they learned from
their family while growing up in Fitchburg and New Brunswick, Canada.

The Roys, who now live in Nashville, are coming home to celebrate the release of
their debut bluegrass CD, "Lonesome Whistle," with a show at 8 p.m. Saturday at
the Bull Run Restaurant in Shirley. Doors open at 6 p.m. for dinner and seating.
Tickets to the show cost $15.

Lee Roy, who plays mandolin, fiddle and bass, joined his first bluegrass band at
age 9. His sister, who also plays fiddle and sings, began singing at country
fairs at age 5. They recently signed to Rural Rhythm Records, and for the new
CD, they enlisted country great Ricky Skaggs' back-up band, Kentucky Thunder.
Describing it as the culmination of a lifelong dream, the Roys recorded the disk
at Skaggs Place Studios in Nashville. For information, or to order tickets,
visit www.bullrunrestaurant.com or call (978) 425-4311.

ART: PHOTO

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: They're all grown up now, but it wasn't so long ago that brother and
sister duo Lee and Elaine Roy entertained locals in the Fitchburg-Leominster
area with their country tunes and traditional French Canadian folk songs they
learned from their family while growing up in Fitchburg and New Brunswick,
Canada. The Roys, who now live in Nashville, are coming home to celebrate the
release of their debut bluegrass CD, "Lonesome Whistle," with a show at 8 p.m.
Saturday at the Bull Run Restaurant in Shirley. Doors open at 6 p.m. for dinner
and seating. Tickets to the show cost $15. Lee Roy, who plays mandolin, fiddle
and bass, joined his first bluegrass band at age 9. His sister, who also plays
fiddle and sings, began singing at country fairs at age 5. They recently signed
to Rural Rhythm Records, and for the new CD, they enlisted country great Ricky
Skaggs' back-up band, Kentucky Thunder. Describing it as the culmination of a
lifelong dream, the Roys recorded the disk at Skaggs Place Studios in Nashville.
For information, or to order tickets, visit www.bullrunrestaurant.com or call
(978) 425-4311.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph

                             April 9, 2009 Thursday

Fiddlers, buskers and craft fair on offer at annual fest;
One of Brigg's most popular annual events will be taking place next month.

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 336 words


Brigg Fiddle Fest 2009 will be held on Thursday-Saturday, May 14-16, with a
range of performers, workshops, craft and music stalls, music sessions  and
street entertainment.

On the Thursday, Chamber Viva and Christian Garrick are on the bill at 7.30pm.

A cello/violin duo, Chamber Viva consists of Clare Bhabra and Deirdre Bencsik.

The jazz element of the concert showcases Christian's talents -  anyone who saw
him last year will know he is an amazingly talented fiddler.

He is joined by Andy Crowdy on bass and Jezz Cook on guitar.

Friday brings Kevin Dempsey, Joe Broughton and the Kashka trio.

Kevin and Joe are two virtuosi of guitar and fiddle, while Kashka formed in 2001
with Oleg Ponomarev and Lev Atlas on violin and Nigel Clark on jazz guitar.

This concert, also in the Angel ballroom at 7.30pm,  will begin with a warm-up
by the Wootton Fiddle Club.

The members of Skyhook will be showing off their multi-skilled dexterity  on
Saturday afternoon in a concert packed with musicians starting at 2pm, with
Martin Harwood on fiddle, guitar and bouzouki, Cath James on fiddle and viola,
and Eoin Teather on guitar, bouzouki and vocals.

They are followed by folk quartet Uiscedwr, featuring Anna Esslemont on fiddle
and vocals, James Hickman (guitar) and Karen Tweed (piano accordion),
underpinned by Cormac Byrne.

Lunasa finish the concert -  a band whose members have played with some of the
greatest Irish groups of the decade.

The same evening, Rosie and Lucy Coggle feature in the concert beginning at 8pm,
followed by Solas -  Seamus Egan, Winifred Horan, Mick McAuley, Eamon McElholm
and Mairead Phelan -  one of the most popular Celtic bands to emerge from the
USA scene.

As part of the Fiddle Fest, various workshops will be run both for beginners and
more experienced fiddlers, while there is a busking competition (for information
email caroldawson897@bt internet.com) and a craft fair on the Saturday.

For information about any of the events in the Angel ballroom, call 01469
530561, (01652) 657053 or 01507 603049.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 99


                  Copyright 2009 Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph

                             April 9, 2009 Thursday

Fiddlers, buskers and craft fair on offer at annual fest;
One of Brigg's most popular annual events will be taking place next month.

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 336 words


Brigg Fiddle Fest 2009 will be held on Thursday-Saturday, May 14-16, with a
range of performers, workshops, craft and music stalls, music sessions  and
street entertainment.

On the Thursday, Chamber Viva and Christian Garrick are on the bill at 7.30pm.

A cello/violin duo, Chamber Viva consists of Clare Bhabra and Deirdre Bencsik.

The jazz element of the concert showcases Christian's talents -  anyone who saw
him last year will know he is an amazingly talented fiddler.

He is joined by Andy Crowdy on bass and Jezz Cook on guitar.

Friday brings Kevin Dempsey, Joe Broughton and the Kashka trio.

Kevin and Joe are two virtuosi of guitar and fiddle, while Kashka formed in 2001
with Oleg Ponomarev and Lev Atlas on violin and Nigel Clark on jazz guitar.

This concert, also in the Angel ballroom at 7.30pm,  will begin with a warm-up
by the Wootton Fiddle Club.

The members of Skyhook will be showing off their multi-skilled dexterity  on
Saturday afternoon in a concert packed with musicians starting at 2pm, with
Martin Harwood on fiddle, guitar and bouzouki, Cath James on fiddle and viola,
and Eoin Teather on guitar, bouzouki and vocals.

They are followed by folk quartet Uiscedwr, featuring Anna Esslemont on fiddle
and vocals, James Hickman (guitar) and Karen Tweed (piano accordion),
underpinned by Cormac Byrne.

Lunasa finish the concert -  a band whose members have played with some of the
greatest Irish groups of the decade.

The same evening, Rosie and Lucy Coggle feature in the concert beginning at 8pm,
followed by Solas -  Seamus Egan, Winifred Horan, Mick McAuley, Eamon McElholm
and Mairead Phelan -  one of the most popular Celtic bands to emerge from the
USA scene.

As part of the Fiddle Fest, various workshops will be run both for beginners and
more experienced fiddlers, while there is a busking competition (for information
email caroldawson897@bt internet.com) and a craft fair on the Saturday.

For information about any of the events in the Angel ballroom, call 01469
530561, (01652) 657053 or 01507 603049.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 99


                  Copyright 2009 Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph

                             April 9, 2009 Thursday

Fiddlers, buskers and craft fair on offer at annual fest;
One of Brigg's most popular annual events will be taking place next month.

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 336 words


Brigg Fiddle Fest 2009 will be held on Thursday-Saturday, May 14-16, with a
range of performers, workshops, craft and music stalls, music sessions  and
street entertainment.

On the Thursday, Chamber Viva and Christian Garrick are on the bill at 7.30pm.

A cello/violin duo, Chamber Viva consists of Clare Bhabra and Deirdre Bencsik.

The jazz element of the concert showcases Christian's talents -  anyone who saw
him last year will know he is an amazingly talented fiddler.

He is joined by Andy Crowdy on bass and Jezz Cook on guitar.

Friday brings Kevin Dempsey, Joe Broughton and the Kashka trio.

Kevin and Joe are two virtuosi of guitar and fiddle, while Kashka formed in 2001
with Oleg Ponomarev and Lev Atlas on violin and Nigel Clark on jazz guitar.

This concert, also in the Angel ballroom at 7.30pm,  will begin with a warm-up
by the Wootton Fiddle Club.

The members of Skyhook will be showing off their multi-skilled dexterity  on
Saturday afternoon in a concert packed with musicians starting at 2pm, with
Martin Harwood on fiddle, guitar and bouzouki, Cath James on fiddle and viola,
and Eoin Teather on guitar, bouzouki and vocals.

They are followed by folk quartet Uiscedwr, featuring Anna Esslemont on fiddle
and vocals, James Hickman (guitar) and Karen Tweed (piano accordion),
underpinned by Cormac Byrne.

Lunasa finish the concert -  a band whose members have played with some of the
greatest Irish groups of the decade.

The same evening, Rosie and Lucy Coggle feature in the concert beginning at 8pm,
followed by Solas -  Seamus Egan, Winifred Horan, Mick McAuley, Eamon McElholm
and Mairead Phelan -  one of the most popular Celtic bands to emerge from the
USA scene.

As part of the Fiddle Fest, various workshops will be run both for beginners and
more experienced fiddlers, while there is a busking competition (for information
email caroldawson897@bt internet.com) and a craft fair on the Saturday.

For information about any of the events in the Angel ballroom, call 01469
530561, (01652) 657053 or 01507 603049.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 99


                  Copyright 2009 Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph

                             April 9, 2009 Thursday

Fiddlers, buskers and craft fair on offer at annual fest;
One of Brigg's most popular annual events will be taking place next month.

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 336 words


Brigg Fiddle Fest 2009 will be held on Thursday-Saturday, May 14-16, with a
range of performers, workshops, craft and music stalls, music sessions  and
street entertainment.

On the Thursday, Chamber Viva and Christian Garrick are on the bill at 7.30pm.

A cello/violin duo, Chamber Viva consists of Clare Bhabra and Deirdre Bencsik.

The jazz element of the concert showcases Christian's talents -  anyone who saw
him last year will know he is an amazingly talented fiddler.

He is joined by Andy Crowdy on bass and Jezz Cook on guitar.

Friday brings Kevin Dempsey, Joe Broughton and the Kashka trio.

Kevin and Joe are two virtuosi of guitar and fiddle, while Kashka formed in 2001
with Oleg Ponomarev and Lev Atlas on violin and Nigel Clark on jazz guitar.

This concert, also in the Angel ballroom at 7.30pm,  will begin with a warm-up
by the Wootton Fiddle Club.

The members of Skyhook will be showing off their multi-skilled dexterity  on
Saturday afternoon in a concert packed with musicians starting at 2pm, with
Martin Harwood on fiddle, guitar and bouzouki, Cath James on fiddle and viola,
and Eoin Teather on guitar, bouzouki and vocals.

They are followed by folk quartet Uiscedwr, featuring Anna Esslemont on fiddle
and vocals, James Hickman (guitar) and Karen Tweed (piano accordion),
underpinned by Cormac Byrne.

Lunasa finish the concert -  a band whose members have played with some of the
greatest Irish groups of the decade.

The same evening, Rosie and Lucy Coggle feature in the concert beginning at 8pm,
followed by Solas -  Seamus Egan, Winifred Horan, Mick McAuley, Eamon McElholm
and Mairead Phelan -  one of the most popular Celtic bands to emerge from the
USA scene.

As part of the Fiddle Fest, various workshops will be run both for beginners and
more experienced fiddlers, while there is a busking competition (for information
email caroldawson897@bt internet.com) and a craft fair on the Saturday.

For information about any of the events in the Angel ballroom, call 01469
530561, (01652) 657053 or 01507 603049.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 99


                  Copyright 2009 Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             May 29, 2014, Thursday

Vandalia Gathering winners announced

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P5D

LENGTH: 402 words


On May 24-25, winners were crowned in nine music, food and storytelling
competitions at the 38th annual Vandalia Gathering. Categories were open to all
ages unless specified. They were:

-Youth Old-Time Fiddle (age 15 and under): first: Jarred Carter, St. Albans;
second: Chloe Sergent, Milton; third: Bella Zucker, Morgantown.

-Old-Time Fiddle (age 59 and under): first: Andy Fitzgibbons, Montrose; second:
Jesse Milnes, Valley Bend; third: Jesse Pearson, Huntington; fourth: Jenny
Allinder, St. Albans; fifth: Tessa Dillon, St. Albans.

-Senior Old-Time Fiddle (age 60 and over): first: Gerry Milnes, Elkins; second:
Darrell Murray, Charleston; third: John Morris, Ivydale; fourth: Jim Mullins,
St. Albans; fifth: Elmer Rich, Morgantown.

-Mandolin: first: Karl Smakula, Elkins; second: Dan Kessinger, St. Marys; third:
Seth Marstiller, Elkins; fourth: Bob Smakula, Elkins; fifth: DJ Kessinger, St.
Marys.

-Bluegrass Banjo: first: Andrew Kidd, Hurricane; second: Jake Eddy, Parkersburg;
third: Rita Hunt, Premier; fourth: Karl Smakula, Elkins; fifth: Logan Hoy,
Belle.

-Lap Dulcimer: first: Hunter Walker, Beckley; second: David O'Dell, Glenville;
third: Martha Turley, Ona; fourth: Janie Miles, Pliny; fifth: Timmy Gillenwater,
Griffithsville.

-Old-Time Banjo (59 and under): first: David O'Dell, Glenville; second: Ben
Townsend, Romney; third: Dave Bing, Harmony; fourth: Trevor Hammons, Marlinton;
fifth: Logan Hoy, Belle.

-Senior Old-Time Banjo (60 and over): first: Bob Shank, Bruceton Mills; second:
Paul Gartner, Yawkey; third: Jay Lockman, Green Bank; fourth: Jim Mullins, St.
Albans; fifth: Ken Sheller, Elkins.

-Youth Flatpick Guitar (15 and under): first: Isaac Putnam, Looneyville; second:
Austin Lewis, Hurricane; third: Claire Walker, Charleston.

-Flatpick Guitar: first: Adam Hager, Kenna; second: Dan Kessinger, St. Marys;
third: Jamie Rhodes, Culloden; fourth: Matt Lindsey, Culloden; fifth: Bryant
Underwood, Charleston.

-Liars Contest: first: Fred Pollack, Charleston; second: Ariana Kincaid,
Charleston; third: Gary Buchanan; youth: Noah Lepp, Charleston. (Pollack and
Lepp also won the Goldenseal Golden Shovel award).

-Cupcakes: first: Judy Grigoraci, Charleston; second: Ella Hoffman, Charleston;
third: Jan and Tori McCullough, Bridgeport; youth: Kendall Atkins, Scott Depot.

-Pound Cake: first: Judy Grigoraci, Charleston; second: Lynna Middleton,
Charleston; third: Beverly Samples, South Charleston.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers

                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             May 29, 2014, Thursday

Vandalia Gathering winners announced

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P9A

LENGTH: 420 words


On May 24-25, winners were crowned in nine music, food and storytelling
competitions at the 38th annual Vandalia Gathering. Categories were open to all
ages unless specified. They were:

- Youth Old-Time Fiddle (age 15 and under): first: Jarred Carter, St. Albans;
second: Chloe Sergent, Milton; third: Bella Zucker, Morgantown.

- Old-Time Fiddle (age 59 and under): first: Andy Fitzgibbons, Montrose; second:
Jesse Milnes, Valley Bend; third: Jesse Pearson, Huntington; fourth: Jenny
Allinder, St. Albans; fifth: Tessa Dillon, St. Albans.

- Senior Old-Time Fiddle (age 60 and over): first: Gerry Milnes, Elkins; second:
Darrell Murray, Charleston; third: John Morris, Ivydale; fourth: Jim Mullins,
St. Albans; fifth: Elmer Rich, Morgantown.

- Mandolin: first: Karl Smakula, Elkins; second: Dan Kessinger, St. Marys;
third: Seth Marstiller, Elkins; fourth: Bob Smakula, Elkins; fifth: DJ
Kessinger, St. Marys.

- Bluegrass Banjo: first: Andrew Kidd, Hurricane; second: Jake Eddy,
Parkersburg; third: Rita Hunt, Premier; fourth: Karl Smakula, Elkins; fifth:
Logan Hoy, Belle.

- Lap Dulcimer: first: Hunter Walker, Beckley; second: David O'Dell, Glenville;
third: Martha Turley, Ona; fourth: Janie Miles, Pliny; fifth: Timmy Gillenwater,
Griffithsville.

- Old-Time Banjo (59 and under): first: David O'Dell, Glenville; second: Ben
Townsend, Romney; third: Dave Bing, Harmony; fourth: Trevor Hammons, Marlinton;
fifth: Logan Hoy, Belle.

- Senior Old-Time Banjo (60 and over): first: Bob Shank, Bruceton Mills; second:
Paul Gartner, Yawkey; third: Jay Lockman, Green Bank; fourth: Jim Mullins, St.
Albans; fifth: Ken Sheller, Elkins.

- Youth Flatpick Guitar (15 and under): first: Isaac Putnam, Looneyville;
second: Austin Lewis, Hurricane; third: Claire Walker, Charleston.

- Flatpick Guitar: first: Adam Hager, Kenna; second: Dan Kessinger, St. Marys;
third: Jamie Rhodes, Culloden; fourth: Matt Lindsey, Culloden; fifth: Bryant
Underwood, Charleston.

- Liars Contest: first: Fred Pollack, Charleston; second: Ariana Kincaid,
Charleston; third: Gary Buchanan; youth: Noah Lepp, Charleston. (Pollack and
Lepp also won the Goldenseal Golden Shovel award).

- Cupcakes: first: Judy Grigoraci, Charleston; second: Ella Hoffman, Charleston;
third: Jan and Tori McCullough, Bridgeport; youth: Kendall Atkins, Scott Depot.

- Pound Cake: first: Judy Grigoraci, Charleston; second: Lynna Middleton,
Charleston; third: Beverly Samples, South Charleston.

- See more at:
http://www.wvgazette.com/article/20140528/GZ0601/140529281/1101#sthash.qtKj4
GF0.dpuf

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers

                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Aberdeen Evening Express

                             May 15, 2013 Wednesday

Cree fiddlers come to town

BYLINE: Alison Stenhouse

SECTION: FEATURES; GENERAL; Listings; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 182 words


FIDDLER James Cheechoo will be bringing the sounds of the Sub-Arctic to the
North-east tonight when he and his family are the guests of Aberdeen Folk Club
at the Blue Lamp.

The family, whose first language is Cree, have travelled to a number of
festivals showcasing the Cree fiddle style, the most recent of which was the
American Fiddles Tunes Conference at Port Townsend, Washington USA. Their visit
to Scotland is special as it will be will be the first time they have taken
their music, and themselves, outside North America. James will be accompanied by
his wife, Daisy, and his daughter Treena, on wooden spoons and drum. Now in his
80s, James is the last person in James Bay, Northern Canada, to perform a
repertoire of fiddle tunes originally believed to have been learned from Scots
fur traders who travelled to the region from the late 1600s with the Hudson's
Bay Company. He is a member of the Moose Cree First Nation, a reservation
community located on the old island settlement of Moose Factory in Northern
Ontario and one of the oldest settlements in the region dating back to 1670.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: folk: James Cheechoo and family play the Blue Lamp

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EE


                      Copyright 2013 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            April 16, 2009 Thursday

Here's to those who rescue cats

BYLINE: By Martin Snapp Berkeley Voice

SECTION: MY TOWN; Western Contra Costa; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; Contra Costa;
News; Local

LENGTH: 475 words


Three weeks ago, a woman heard some faint crying coming from a trash bin on the
Embarcadero in Oakland.

She looked inside and found tiny four kittens in a plastic bag that was sealed
with duct tape. If she hadn't come along when she did, they would have
suffocated.

The kittens were so young   only three or four days old   their umbilical cords
were still attached.

One was already dead, and another died soon after. She took the two survivors
home, but she soon realized they required more care than she knew how to
provide. So she called Island Cat Resources and Adoption (formerly known as
Island Cat Rescue) in Alameda.

ICRA volunteers bottle-fed the kittens every two hours around the clock, and
they thrived. In a few weeks they'll be old enough to be placed in new homes.
And you couldn't ask for sweeter, more affectionate kitties because all that
bottle-feeding has made them extremely people-oriented.

ICRA has more than 350 success stories like that every year. Its mission is to
reduce the feral cat population of Alameda, Oakland and Emeryville by humanely
trapping them and taking them to local veterinarians for spay/neuter surgery and
whatever other medical attention is needed.

Those that are tame enough to be adopted are put in temporary foster homes,
where they learn to trust humans, then placed in permanent homes.

Those that are too wild to be adopted are returned to their feral cat colonies,
where they live out their lives under the watchful eyes of ICRA volunteers, who
feed them and monitor their well being. And, most importantly, they don't
produce any more kittens.

ICRA is celebrating its 15th anniversary this year, and it's celebrating with a
gala fundraiser April 25 at the Elks Lodge in Alameda.

Gift certificates, art, fine jewelry, overnight trips, pet goodies, sports
memorabilia and more will be auctioned; and all proceeds will go to the kitties.

For more information about ICRA and the auction, call 510-869-2584 or visit
www.icraeastbay.org .


     ·    n n


Meanwhile, do you know the difference between a violin and a fiddle?

"Violin music is for listening; fiddle music is for dancing," says Pate Thomson,
of Berkeley.

And he ought to know, because he plays some of the most danceable music there
is: Scottish fiddle tunes, with titles like "Miss Grace Hay's Delight" and "Miss
Oswald of Auchincruive's Favorite Reel."

By day, Thomson is a cardiologist, but at night he picks up his fiddle and he
and his wife Judy make music with other members of the San Francisco Scottish
Fiddlers.

Once a year, the Scottish Fiddlers don their formal kilts and present a series
of public concerts." This year they will appear locally April 24 at the Valley
Center for the Performing Arts at Holy Names University in Oakland.

For more information or tickets, call 800-838-3006 or visit
www.brownpapertickets.com .

Reach Martin Snapp at catman@sfo.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           January 24, 2007 Wednesday

McCaskey artist taps 'Luck of the Irish'

BYLINE: Intelligencer Journal Staff

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 298  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Memories of her Irish grandmother inspired Katie Bachman's winning entry in the
artwork design contest to promote a benefit concert for Susquehanna Association
for the Blind and Vision Impaired.

The artwork by Bachman, a junior at McCaskey High School, will be used on all
promotional materials for SABVI's 10th annual spring concert scheduled March 17
at 7:30 p.m. at Franklin & Marshall College's Barshinger Center for the Arts.

To illustrate the musical theme "Luck of the Irish," Bachman remembered her
grandmother playing the fiddle.

"Grandma was Irish," the artist said. "She and the fiddle just went together."

She substituted an image of a fiddle for the first letter of Irish. Also, she
fused images of an outline of the country, a shamrock and a Celtic knot.

Entries by Bachman and fellow students fulfilled an artwork assignment in
McCaskey's computer photography class taught by Matthew Lawrence.

Selection as winner will mean Bachman's work will be reprinted on advance
mailings and concert programs.

Bachman said she was proud of the recognition for her artwork, even though she
favors science and hopes to study chemistry at the University of Pennsylvania.
The daughter of Jerry Bachman of Lancaster, she said her hobbies include music
and "doing all the stuff teens like to do."

The concert, "Luck of the Irish," will feature a blend of classical and Irish
dance music performed by an orchestra under the baton of Brian Norcross, F&M
director of instrumental music. In addition, advanced students from the
Lancaster School of Irish Dance, under the direction of Anya Stoltzfus, will
perform Irish dance selections

Ticket prices are $15, $25 and $30 and may be purchased by calling Linda
Conyers, SABVI development assistant, or Dorothy English, coordinator of
development, at 291-5951.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           November 9, 2006 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Irish music scene comes to South County;
Celtic fiddle virtuoso Bella Issakova and singer-bodhran player Christa Burch
will be featured on Nov. 11.

BYLINE: ROBERT KINSLER; FOR THE NEWS

SECTION: DANAPOINT; Pg. R

LENGTH: 326 words


Three talented musicians will join forces when Kerry Records' Irish Concert
Series comes to the Camino Real Playhouse in San Juan Capistrano on Saturday
night.

Fiddle player Bella Issakova, singer-bodhran player Christa Burch and guitarist
Barry Fisher will be featured at the concert.

Issakova brings a decidedly world music-flavored approach to playing Celtic
fiddle. Born and raised in Bulgaria, she began playing violin at the age of 5
and studied the instrument at the National Music School in Sofia until moving to
Israel when she was 17. There she continued her education as a classical
musician as a member of the Israeli Youth Philharmonic Orchestra.

However, in 2000, Issakova was introduced to playing the traditional music of
Ireland and became increasingly interested in the ancient sounds of the Emerald
Isle. In 2002, she traveled to Ireland to attend the Frankie Kennedy Winter
School in Donegal, being particularly influenced by the Sligo and Clare
traditional music styles.

Burch, who sings with the a cappella duet Lintie, also brings a wide-ranging
resume to her music making. She is a long-time member of Blackwaterside, a Los
Angeles-based ensemble that plays a lively mix of poignant Celtic ballads,
tender and romantic Scottish Airs, as well as Renaissance-flavored dance tunes.
She has a beautiful and expressive soprano, often compared to June Tabor, Sandy
Denny and Susan McKeown.

Long-time fans of Orange County's thriving Irish music scene may recall her
leading role in the excellent 1990s troupe TamLyn.

Fisher has been a part of the Southern California traditional Irish music scene
for more than 25 years, having played with Celtic-styled groups such as
Riverrun, Gold Ring and Crannog, as well as with the fusion outfit Bad Haggis.

Bella Issakova

The Irish Concert Series comes to Camino Real Playhouse, 31776 El Camino Real,
San Juan Capistrano, at 8 p.m. on Nov. 11. Tickets are $25 ($20 for seniors).
Information: 949-489-8082.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved

                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 8, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

BYLINE: By Margo Nash

SECTION: Section 14NJ; Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk; JERSEY FOOTLIGHTS; Pg.
11

LENGTH: 522 words



Sussex County Breakdown

 After the chili cook-off today, but before the demolition derby, at 3:30, some
20 fiddlers from as far off as West Virginia will compete at the New Jersey
State Fair/Sussex Farm and Horse Show in Augusta in the annual fiddlers contest.
Bows will saw and fiddles will squeal as the musicians offer up jigs, reels and
breakdowns in Celtic, Cape Breton, bluegrass and other styles.

Fiddlers will be judged on technique, tone, rhythm, stage presence and other
intangible hoedown criteria as they vie for $500 in prize money at the New
Jersey Cardinals Livestock Show Pavilion. Damian Boucher of Hillside, a fiddler
with Cajun roots and a former first-prize winner, said the event ''brings out
the best fiddlers'' and a ''stomping and clapping-along'' audience.

He recalls the years when they used to hold the tractor pull near the fiddling
contest: and a John Deere will drown out a fiddler every time. Now, the pull is
held another day. Depending on the heat, Mr. Boucher may or may not wear his
cowboy hat, but he will play his grandfather's fiddle. ''It's got a real big
sound,'' he said. ''It was his favorite fiddle.''

John Marryott, 19, of Titusville, who gave up classical violin lessons four
years ago, will also be there. ''Fiddling is a freer music,'' he said. ''You
don't have to read music.'' The fair continues through next Sunday. In addition
to the horse shows, flower shows, cooking contests and 4-H exhibits, there will
be more cultural events, including a battle of the garage bands, cloggers and
chain-saw sculptures. Information: (973)948-5500.

He Launched a Thousand Flappers

 Dan Morgenstern, director of Rutgers's Institute of Jazz Studies, called it a
homecoming. He was referring to one of the most important gifts the institute
has ever received: the James P. Johnson archive. Johnson was an African-American
composer and stride pianist who, among many other achievements, wrote ''The
Charleston,'' was among the first African-Americans to write music for Broadway,
collaborated with the poet Langston Hughes on a one-act opera called ''De
Organizer'' and was musical father to a long line of pianists, from Fats Waller
to Thelonious Monk. Johnson was born in New Brunswick in 1894, and died in New
York City in 1955.

The collection was donated by Barry Glover Sr., executive director of the James
P. Johnson Foundation and Johnson's grandson. The 25 cubic feet of Johnson
ephemera includes piano rolls, scores and sheet music. Playbills include one
from ''Runnin' Wild'' (1923), the musical that introduced ''The Charleston.''
There is also a 1918 image of W.C. Handy inscribed to Johnson and his wife,
Lillie Mae Wright, who was one of the first black women to appear in movies.

''He is somebody who has had a tremendous impact on people like Waller,
Ellington, Basie, but he himself never achieved popular fame,'' said Mr.
Morgenstern, whose anthology, ''Living with Jazz, a Dan Morgenstern Reader,''
will be published by Pantheon in November. Mr. Glover said it was ''only fitting
that my grandfather's materials end up where it all started for him over a
century ago.''   Margo Nash


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: James P. Johnson (Photo Courtesy of Institute for Jazz Studies,
Rutgers)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company

                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      North Shore News (British Columbia)

                             March 13, 2015 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Irish folk act pays homage to its roots; Repertoire includes ballads, jigs and
reels

BYLINE: Maria Spitale-Leisk, North Shore News

SECTION: MUSIC; Pg. A22

LENGTH: 836 words


Altan plays Centennial Theatre Thursday, March 19 at 8 p.m. For more information
or to purchase tickets visit online at centennialtheatre.com.

As she delicately draws the bow across the strings of her fiddle, MairÃ©ad NÃ­
Mhaonaigh breathes in the distinct rich sound that reminds her of her homeland
and reverberates right through to her soul.

"I just love the freedom of (the fiddle) - it encapsulates everything that I
like about music," she describes.

NÃ­ Mhaonaigh is the lead vocalist, fiddler and founding member of the
celebrated Irish folk group Altan, whose music has attracted audiences at home
and abroad for 35 years.

This week, when reached by the North Shore News, Altan was on the road in
Annapolis, Md. Next Thursday, the band will bring their traditional Irish tunes
to Centennial Theatre during St. Patrick's Day week. Altan have earned the
distinction of being the longest-running act in Irish music history that
features original group members. Helmed by NÃ­ Mhaonaigh, Altan is comprised of
CiarÃ¡n Tourish (fiddle, tin whistle, backing vocals), Martin Tourish (button
accordion, melodeon), DÃ¡ithÃ­ Sproule (guitar/vocals) and CiarÃ¡n Curran
(bouzouki guitar). Over the years, the band has produced best-selling albums,
performed in far reaches of the world, had an audience with former U.S.
president Bill Clinton, and collaborated with the likes of Bonnie Raitt, Dolly
Parton, Alison Krauss and fellow Irish compatriot, Enya.

Altan is identifiable by its rich collection of Celtic songs featuring fiddling
and accordion melodies, and further complemented by the acoustic guitar and
bouzouki - a pear-shaped, stringed instrument akin to the mandolin. Their
repertoire ranges from sensitive and touching old Irish songs to stirring jigs
and reels.

Last summer, in Nashville of all places, saw an opportunity for Altan to
reinvent itself while still paying homage to their roots.

That is where the group recorded their latest album - The Widening Gyre - a
harmonious blend of Appalachian bluegrass with traditional Irish music.

The Celtics that settled in this eastern U.S. region were a huge influence on
Appalachian music contributing traditional fiddle music and hymns from their
motherland. The Widening Gyre (No. 5 this week on Billboard's World Albums
chart) is a music experiment of sorts that explores that connection and bridges
the Atlantic.

"We realized a lot of the songs we were recording had tunes in common from both
sides of the Atlantic," explains NÃ­ Mhaonaigh.

Altan poured their soul into the project, laying down tracks with a diverse
group of roots music greats including Alison Brown, Sam Bush, Jerry Douglas,
Todd Phillips, Bryan Sutton and Darol Anger.

"It was a great experience, and I think it came across like that on the album.
It wasn't too rehearsed," says NÃ­ Mhaonaigh.

One song in particular, "White Birds," Altan's personal adaptation of the W.B.
Yeats poem about being a bird on the sea, embodied the whole experience of them
crossing the ocean to complete the album. For NÃ­ Mhaonaigh, the project was an
opportunity to examine the lifecycle of Altan and for her to reflect on where
she has been. NÃ­ Mhaonaigh's innate talent for fiddling can be attributed to
growing up in an animated Irish household.

"My father was a great fiddler and enjoyed music and company - just being with
people," she recalls. "The neighbours would come in (the house) and they would
be singing and dancing, and I thought this was how everybody lived. I realized
it was a special upbringing."

NÃ­ Mhaonaigh learned the fabled fiddle music from her father, who himself had
been taught by his mother. In the Northern Ireland parish of Gweedore where NÃ­
Mhaonaigh grew up, the family was heavily involved in the theatre community: her
dad would write dramas and musicals, and then cast locals to be in the
productions.

The father-daughter duo, meanwhile, would routinely entertain at the local pub
with their mesmerizing fiddle music. One evening Frankie Kennedy, a young man
from Belfast, walked in and changed the trajectory of their lives.

While there was an instant attraction between Kennedy and NÃ­ Mhaonaigh, it
wouldn't be enough to impress her at first. "He realized if he wanted to be part
of this situation he needed to learn how to play (an instrument)," fondly
recalls NÃ­ Mhaonaigh. So Kennedy taught himself the tin whistle, and would
later become one of the top flute players in the country. The couple
collaborated professionally and personally, marrying in 1981 and then
co-founding Altan in 1987. Sadly, Kennedy passed away from cancer at the age of
39, in 1994. That tragic event has undoubtedly had a poignant influence on NÃ­
Mhaonaigh's performance as an artist. "Life's experiences bring different things
to your music, especially if you play music from the heart," she says.

These days NÃ­ Mhaonaigh's daughter keeps her company on the road. "She plays
fiddle, whistle, and she is a gorgeous singer," gushes NÃ­ Mhaonaigh of her
daughter, who carries on the family tradition.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo Supplied; Formed in 1987, Altan is one of the world's foremost
Irish traditional ensembles.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 North Shore News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Wiltshire Gazette and Herald

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Legends to take stage

BYLINE: Karen Darley

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 150 words


THE world's first "alt-bluegrass" act The Coal Porters, will demonstrate the
irresistible power of fiddle, mandolin, banjo, guitar, doghouse bass and
four-part harmonies, at Helmsley Arts Centre on Saturday, October 3.

Having toured the world and recorded live sessions for top radio stations
including Bob Harris on BBC Radio 2, and NPR in the USA, the band is led by the
legendary Sid Griffin, a native of Kentucky.

Violinist Kerenza Peacock, as well as playing fiddle in the band, is also a
renowned classical violinistondon Symphony Orchestra and the Pavao Quartet.
These are musicians of the highest calibre.

The Coal Porters feature Kerenza Peacock - fiddle and vocals, Paul Fitzgerald -
banjo and vocals, Sid Griffin - vocals, mandolin, harmonica and autoharp, Tali
Trow - bass and Neil Robert Herd -guitar and vocals For more information and
tickets phone 01439 771700 or go to www.helmsleyarts.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             March 17, 2013 Sunday

Young fiddlers shine in competition in Oroville

BYLINE: By CHRISTINA RAFAEL-Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 431 words


OROVILLE -- Liberty Durbin, 8, of Oroville, sat atop a ledge in front of
Oroville Municipal Auditorium Saturday and pulled her bright-blue violin to her
chin as her feet dangled above the sidewalk.

While rehearsing, she looked frustrated and let out audible huffs when she
flubbed a note to "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star," one of the handful of songs
she's committed to memory since picking up the instrument in December.

Like many of the young contestants at the 47th annual California State Old Time
Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and Picking Championship, Durbin has been
rehearsing in her room every day in the weeks leading up to this weekend's
competition and was excited to perform.

"This year we had young adults and juniors, but the 'junior juniors' beat 'em
out (in talent)," said Richard Doak, District 1 Fiddle Association member.

After being founded by Arlene Berg of Paradise, the association has expanded to
14 districts and the competition is divided into eight categories by age:
Senior-Senior (70 and up), Senior (60-69), Young Adults (18-36), Junior (13-17),
Junior-Junior (9-12), Pee-Wee (8 and under), Adult (37-59) and open (any ages).

During the competition, which began Friday and will end today, judges were
isolated in a separate room across from the stage so they could not see
contestants. Many in the room tapped their shoes to the beat as each fiddler's
three-song melody filtered in through a speaker.

Each contestant, in every division, was required to play three songs (a
hoe-down, waltz and "tune of choice") by memory and was judged in four
categories: danceability and rhythm, old-time style, difficulty and intonation
clarity of notes.

Though divisions separate players by age, every person learns the instrument
through lessons with similar songs and naturally progresses in talent, said
judge Jimi Beeler, who instructs through Houser's Music and California State Old
Time Fiddlers Association.

"A child who's only been playing for a couple of months is learning the same
thing that an adult is learning who's only been playing a couple of months,"
Beeler said.

Many of the fiddler players in younger divisions were accompanied by family
members and needed their microphones adjusted to accommodate their small
statures as they played their tunes for the crowd and judges.

As Durbin awaited her turn next to her instructor, she watched her competitors
perform advanced songs. Though the competitors had been playing longer, some
even for four years, she sat confident.

"There's a lot of people watching me ... at first I was nervous but now I'm
not," she said.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Liberty Durbin, 8, of Oroville practices with Jimi Beeler before they
compete in the 47th annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association Open
Fiddle and Picking Championship in Oroville on Saturday.(Jason Halley/Staff
Photo) All Chico E-R photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Carlow Nationalist

                                 April 10, 2012

Country music past to present - part 1: The American story

SECTION: COLUMNISTS

LENGTH: 1651 words


COUNTRY music stretches in so many different directions, from the arrival of the
Scots Irish with their fiddles and pipes, to the Appalachian Mountains, a huge
range which stretches from Newfoundland in Canada to Alabama in the US,
encompassing such states as North and South Carolina, Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio,
West Virginia, Oklahoma, Maryland, Georgia and Pennsylvania, back to Ireland
where over the last couple of years there has been a huge revival.

While the Irish scene from the late '70s to the mid 2000s was largely depressed
and dependent on the old-timers, a new breed of young country artists has
succeeded in bringing a new wave of younger people to country concerts at venues
all over the nation. One of these young guns is Garryhill, Co Carlow native
Derek Ryan. We will be looking at Derek and the Irish scene in more detail next
week.

Immigrants originally moved from Scotland to Northern Ireland in the 17th
century, but due to English oppression over 250,000 moved on to this wild
mountainess territory in five different groups, where they had to live off the
land in order to survive and build their own future, which they did founding
many towns and cities along the way. These are the people whose music is
regarded as the birth of country music, but with many different titles to go
through before and after the formation of true country. The first music of the
Scots Irish was known as Appalachian folk music.

During the 300-year transition period from their arrival to becoming a distinct
style of music, the original fiddle and pipe was joined by other instruments
such as the German dulcimer, Italian mandolin, Spanish guitar and the banjo from
Africa. The sound created by this mixture of instruments was first known as
old-time music. Little has changed since, except the addition of steel guitar
and keyboards adding a sweeter more inclusive sound.

Atlanta in the state of Georgia became the first country music capital, with a
fiddler's convention there each year from 1913. In the early years, old-time
music was joined by blues and gospel with 'Fiddling' John Carson one of
Atlanta's first big stars. Like many musicians, he worked in the cotton mills of
Atlanta. This brings to mind a popular Irish country band from the showband
days, the Cotton Mill Boys, whose fiddle player Mick McManus would have been up
there with the best. We will look at this band next week also.

Blues then became country blues, with Ed Andrews credited with making the first
country blues recording in 1924, one of the stars of this era. You could say
that country music arrived in 1927 when Jimmie Rodgers became its first real big
vocal star. Born James Charles Rodgers in Meridian, Mississippi on 8 September,
1897, he proved a sensation as one of the first yodelling singers.

He is widely known as the father and founder of country music. Jimmy had a
tragically short career during which he recorded on the RCA label (at the time
better known as Victor). Rodgers had a huge hit with his third record called
"Blue yodel 1," also known as "T for Texas", which sold over half-a-million
copies and led to sellout concerts at every venue he played.

In all, from the first blue yodel up to his untimely death aged 35 on 26 May
1933 from a pulmonary haemorrhage after a long fight with TB, he produced 13
blue yodel songs. Many have survived the test of time, being covered by the
likes of Merle Haggard, who released an album of Jimmie's songs in 1969 called
"Same train a different time", which included muleskinner blues and California
blues. Both Johnny Cash on his box set "Unearthed" and Tompall Glaser recorded
"T for Texas," the latter on "Wanted", the Outlaws album in 1961.

Rodgers, along with Hank Williams and Fred Rose, were the first three artists
inducted into the Country Hall of Fame when it was established in 1961. In 1970,
he was elected to the Songwriters Hall of Fame and the Rock and Roll Hall of
Fame in 1986, where "Blue yodel 9" called "Standing on the corner" saw Rodgers
placed nin9th in the top 500 songs that shaped rock and roll. In 2003, Rodgers
was placed 33 of the top 40 men of country music.

In 1997, Bob Dylan put together a tribute combination of artists who covered
Rogers songs. These included Bono, Dwight Yoakim, Alison Kraus and Willie
Nelson. The 1982 Clint Eastwood film "Honkytonk man" was loosely based on
Jimmie's life. Jimmie made an amazing 111 recordings between 1926 and his death
in 1933.

It was around this time that those Atlanta city officials do what all stupid
politicians do: they decided to move their music upmarket. This meant that
country moved to Nashville, which had been competing to be its home anyway, and
although for a number of years there would be a thriving live country scene in
Atlanta, eventually by the mid-'40s it was all but gone. There are still a
number of country artistes operating out of Atlanta, including Alan Jackson,
Kenny Rogers and Ray Stevens.

The Great Depression caused mayhem to everything, including music, from Black
Tuesday 29 October 1929 into the late '30s early'40s there was little cheer or
change for anyone, musicians and vocalists included, trying to make a living.

However, country music thrived on radio barn dance shows, none more so than the
early "Grand Ole Opry", which began life on 5 October 1925 on Nashville's WSM
(AM) radio station, and was known as the WSM barn dance until 10 December 1927
when the title "Grand Ole Opry" was called for the first time, with the first
tune played being DeFord Bailey, known as the harmonica wizard, playing "The Pan
American blues." It is now the world's longest running radio programme.

Only the best have played the Opry, which has moved home a few times in its
history, its two longest runs being in the Ryman Centre from 5 June 1943 until
moving to its present home the Grand Ole Opry House, which can accommodate 4,400
patrons, on 16 March 1974, when then-president Richard Nixon knocked out a few
tunes on the piano.

Looking at some of the artists who have performed at the venue, it is easy to
see why it is called the mother church of country. Included are Roy Acuff,
popularly known as the king of country, who was there in the Ryman years, as was
Faron Young and Hank Williams.

At the Opry itself, you can name hundreds such as Dolly Parton, Patsy Cline,
Tammy Wynette, Crystal Gale, Johnny Cash, Merl Haggard, Willie Nelson, Garth
Brooks and Kenny Rogers as a very small indication of the stature of the singers
who perform there. Elvis Presley played the Opry in October 1954, receiving a
quiet reception to his type of rockabilly music.

The Carter family from Virginia have a long association with the Opry, the
original family of AP Maybelle and lead vocalist Sara (married to AP) covered
country, bluegrass, gospel and any other type of music you care to name.

They would be the first country vocal group to become stars and many of their
records are as well-known today as way back to their first recording in 1927,
for instance "Can the circle be unbroken, Wabash cannonball" and "Wildwood
flower." The group disbanded in 1944, although various members formed groups
with their own children, and with some success. Maybelle's daughter, June,
married Johnny Cash and so the Carter name would stay to the fore on the country
scene. Their children, for instance Rosanne Cash, would continue the tradition.

Drums were taboo in early country, being classified as too loud and not pure.
The Bob Wills big band was first to introduce drums in 1935, adding the first
electric guitar in 1938.

The Opry, however, did not allow drums until the late '50s. Arthur Smith was one
of, if not the first, to have a musical record crossover and chart in both the
country and pop top ten with "Guitar boogie" (to which you might add shuffle in
other recordings down the years).

Leaving the Opry and going back to the 1940s where the cowboy song, or western
music as it was known, was popular, Roy Rogers and Gene Autry came to the fore.
Autry is responsible for the second biggest sales of a single (after Bing
Crosby's "White Christmas") with "Rudolph the red nosed reindeer." The boogie
was also popular, leading exponents being Tennessee Ernie Ford and Merrill Moore
and would last into the '50s.

In the late '40s, bluegrass was popular and so, too, was gospel. Actually, the
first million selling gospel song was "Peace in the valley" recorded by Red
Foley just after the War. This was a period when the punters called it folk
music, while the industry called it hillbilly. With the introduction of
Billboard in 1944, we returned to country and in 1949 country and western.

However, rockabilly would not go away and it was not until the mid '50s that the
influence of Johnny Horton and Marty Robbins shifted the scene from rock and
roll again. There were many changes in the '60s/'70s with Patsy Cline, Eddy
Arnold and Jim Reeves providing a different sound with strings and piano
prominent.

In the late '60s, Nashville was leaning back towards the pop song, calling it
countrypolitan. Tammy Wynette, Lynn Anderson and Charlie Rich went this route,
so, too, did Marty Robbins.

Still, the hardcore country artists such as Merle Haggard, Buck Owens Loretta
Lynn and Porter Wagoner dominated the scene. The Bakersfield sound in the late
'60s had many of the leading vocalists as supporters, each with individual
interpretations of the sound. Country rock was also popular, with many pop
artists and groups crossing to the country side. These included Bob Dylan, the
Byrds, even the Rolling Stones recorded country with "Honky tonk woman".

Garth Brooks, Shania Twain, Linda Ronstadt, Faith Hill the Bellamy Brothers,
John Denver and even Dolly Parton have moved country in the direction of rock,
good or bad? Who knows?

Next week, we will look at the Irish country scene and Derek Ryan's
contribution. Also, we will have some exciting news of another member of the
Ryan family.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                     October 17, 2003 Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Leahy electrifies Great Hall;
 Siblings give rousing performance of music, dance

BYLINE: Richard Duckett; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Music Review ; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 776 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


- Reel 'n' rock ... Jig 'n' roll ...

Whatever way you might like to describe the music, the phenomenal Leahy clan
with their electrified fiddles, keyboards and guitars put on an electric
performance at Mechanics Hall Wednesday night.

Traditional jigs, reels and step dances were played with old-fashioned fire and
captivating musicianship (were the feet of somber-looking Abe Lincoln actually
tapping in his portrait above the stage in the Great Hall?), but the
electrification and amplification also married the music to a contemporary sound
that rocked while leaving most of the 1,200 people in the audience pleasantly
reeling.

The concert, presented by Worcester Music Inc., may have drawn an audience not
totally sure about what they were about to get into. The previous concert (and
season opener) in the series was by the Kirov Orchestra. The next event of the
season is Polish Sinfonia Resovia with a program that includes Chopin and
Beethoven. Leahy's set list included such numbers as ''Step Dance Medley,''
''Wedding Day Jig'' and ''Orange Blossom Special.'' But although there were some
mutterings overheard about the loudness of the show by a few patrons at
intermission, the fact that Leahy had won virtually everyone over by the end was
attested by the loud standing ovation that greeted the concert's conclusion --
and won a wonderful encore.

But who could possibly be in a bad mood after Donnell Leahy had announced to the
audience the most important news of the evening -- Red Sox 9, Yankees 6. And
here was music not only to celebrate any kind of victory with the word
''Celtic'' attached to it, but maybe even a Red Sox victory as well. (Donnell
Leahy ruefully noted that he believes tonight the band will be playing in New
York -- or rather, New York state, he carefully added).

Actually, the Leahy siblings may not be as swept up in baseball fever as their
New England or New York audiences right now. They are from a farm in Lakefield,
Ontario, Canada, where their parents introduced 11 children into the joys of
music making. Eight of them -- Donnell (fiddle), Siobheann (bass), Maria
(guitar), Frank (drums), Agnes (keyboards and dancer), Doug (fiddle), Erin
(piano) and Angus (fiddle) -- were the clan on hand Wednesday.

Their father is of Irish heritage while their mother is of Scottish ancestry,
and the folk music influences of both cultures were readily evident in Leahy's
playing.

They could also be said to be spiritual relatives of a group such as Steeleye
Span who pioneered electronic concept folk music in Britain in the late
1960s/early '70s. Leahy may lack a Maddy Prior, whose vocals gave Steeleye
Span's music extra oomph and sexiness, and there isn't the political take that
Steeleye Span brought to some of their interpretations. Steeleye Span may be
from yesterday's generation, but the most important comparison is that when you
hear both groups, they are playing like there's no tomorrow.

Leahy opened up Wednesday with its own composition (and one it developed at
clubs in Toronto as the group started to develop a following), ''The B Minor.''
A slow atmospheric beginning was soon transformed into a major explosion of
fiddling as Donnell, Doug and Angus did their best to raise the Great Hall roof.
''Stepdance Medley'' featured the disciplined but infectiously rhythmic and
tap-happy dancing of Agnes, although by the end of the concert all eight
siblings had shown themselves adept at this French-Canadian art form.

Donnell is the natural leader of Leahy, talking to the audience on behalf of the
group and providing the musical heartbeat with fiddle playing that can be
evocative as well as fast and furious. But he also has a definite musical soul
mate in pianist Erin, who could shape and form the flow and emotions of a given
piece. She is also a good singer, as she demonstrated with the reflective
''Borrowed Time'' and an interesting ''nameless'' piece that matched love lyrics
with a lilting tune.

In contrast, the gypsy-influenced ''Czardis,'' ''Wedding Day Jig'' and ''Orange
Blossom Special'' saw the fiddling flying high, while Erin's powerful piano
playing laid down rhythmic underpinnings along with the guitars and drums.

An experimental piece where the fiddlers played pizzicato came to a rousing
finale once Donnell picked up his bow. And the encore saw nearly every member of
the group, including guitarists Maria and Siobheann, take a turn playing a
fiddle that was passed on after a brief performance of gems such as ''The
Leaving of Liverpool.''

It was hard not to leave Mechanics Hall with a smile on one's face -- and it
wasn't just because the Red Sox had won.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2003 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.

                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            October 1, 2009 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

DON'T PLAN ON SITTING AT CAJUN STRANGERS' SHOW

BYLINE: By KATJUSA CISAR The Capital Times

SECTION: 77 SQUARE; REVERB; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 505 words


Too often at rock shows in Madison, no matter how rocking, the audience stands
still with arms crossed and heads nodding.

Not so at a Cajun Strangers' show. The local six-piece folk band got a lively
crowd of couples swinging across the dance floor at a late summer East Side Club
show and even inspired a group of kids to start an electric slide line. The
syncopated accordion- and fiddle-led music, sung in both English and Creole, has
deep roots in the Cajun culture of southwestern Louisiana, where dancing and
music go hand in hand.

"Cajun music is meant to be danced to," accordion player John Romano said. "It
was just part of the culture. Originally, people would just clear the furniture
out of their houses and shore up the rafters on the floor to make sure they were
strong enough, and then people would come in and dance."

The Cajun Strangers kick off a monthly gig this Sunday at the Harmony Bar, where
they'll push the tables to the walls of the dining area to make room for
dancing.

Romano played mainstream, non-dance folk for years before he started playing
Cajun music with the band in 2002. Now he performs only Cajun music.

"The people you're playing for are not a passive audience, they're an active
audience. At least for me, I find it much easier to interact with an audience
who's dancing to the music I'm playing," he said.

Wisconsin isn't exactly known as a hotbed for Cajun music, and like the other
members of the band, fiddler Brian O'Donnell discovered the genre while
traveling. He first saw a Cajun band perform while at a fiddle camp in New York
state.

"I was just blown away by them. I remember it was an 18-hour drive home and I
just listened to this one CD the entire way home because I loved it so much,"
O'Donnell said. "It's very passionate music."

He was a serious rock guitarist before he started playing bluegrass fiddle,
which he started exploring via the Grateful Dead - a pretty common way for
people his age (41) to get into folk music since Jerry Garcia had a bluegrass
band.

He likes the fiddle lines in Cajun music because they're all-encompassing of the
instrument's potential.

"There are three elements of fiddle that I really like: driving, rhythmic bow
work; lyrical, pretty - almost classical - playing; and a bluesy quality," he
said. "Of all the folk music, Cajun music has all three of those at pretty high
levels," he said.

Both O'Donnell and Romano take trips to southwestern Louisiana when they can,
not so much to jam, but to listen and dance.

"To learn to play Cajun music, you need to know what it sounds like - and the
best Cajun musicians in the world are there," Romano said.

The style still is a thriving part of everyday life, unlike polka in Wisconsin,
O'Donnell said: "There are radio stations that play it all the time and several
restaurants in town that have bands every night. Down there, it's young and old,
a big mix. It feels very alive and happening."

IF YOU GO

Who: The Cajun Strangers

When: 7 p.m. Sunday

Where: Harmony Bar, 2201 Atwood Ave.

Cost: $5 suggested donation

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Contributed photo Madison's Cajun Strangers kick off their monthly
Lousiana-style dance party at the Harmony Bar this Sunday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               The Guardian (Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island)

                             July 14, 2005 Thursday

Rollo Bay Fiddle Festival takes stage

BYLINE: Willis, Nancy

SECTION: THE PROVINCE; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 311  words


The 29th annual Rollo Bay Fiddle Festival is set to go with a terrific lineup
for traditional music lovers who will flock to the festival grounds this
weekend.

The outdoor event, July 15- 17, draws the best of Scottish and traditional
musicians from all parts of the Maritimes and New England. It takes place in an
outstanding natural amphitheatre and offers an unparalleled experience of fiddle
, dance and song, said organizer Peter Chaisson. His fiddling father, Joe
Chaisson, launched the festival in 1976.

All proceeds are used to pay for fiddle lessons for area children during the
winter. As a result, this effort has sparked a huge rebirth of traditional music
players among young people.

Highlighting the more than 100 acts which will be on stage throughout Saturday
and Sunday are: Troy MacGillivray, Andrea Beaton, Kennon and Betty Lou Beaton
from Cape Breton; the Queens County Fiddlers; the Prince County Fiddlers;
Kindle; Lem Chaisson; Timmy Chaisson; Bangee from New Brunswick; Elmer Deagle;
the Judy MacLean Dancers; J.J. Chaisson; and the Chaisson Family (Peter, Kenny
and Kevin).

The festival begins with a youth fiddle concert Friday night at 8 p.m., then
runs a full slate of performers on Saturday and Sunday 2- 5 p.m. and 7-10 p.m.
each night. Old-time dances follow the concerts on both nights.

The grounds open for camper/ trailers tonight at 7, prior to the regular
Thursday night ceilidh. Chaisson said there are a limited number of electric and
water hookups, so folks should get here early to claim them. There is unlimited
space otherwise for RVs and tents.

The site offers canteen service, clean washrooms and loads of parking. Fixed
seating is provided but spectators may bring lawn chairs.

Admission is $12 a day for adults and $10 for students with children 12 and
under free. Weekend passes can be had at $22 for adults and $18 for students.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Volunteers Norma MacDonald and Steven LeBlanc were on the grounds this
week helping to get ready for the 29th annual Rollo Bay Fiddle Festival that
runs this weekend, July 15-17.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Guardian, a division of Hollinger Canadian Newspapers, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             August 27, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Math adds a crackle to Ivers' playing: Celtic fiddler splices African, Latin and
American roots music

BYLINE: Patrick Langston, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 676  words


Delightful, for most of us, isn't the first word that leaps to mind when we
think of math.

But ask Eileen Ivers, mathematician-turned-championship Celtic fiddler, about
the subject, and she starts using terms like "beauty," "elegance" and "fun."

Of course, that shouldn't be surprising, coming from someone who's been known to
crack open Fermat's Last Theorem (a sizzling account of the 17th-century
mathematician's, well, last theorem) on those long plane rides between gigs.

Besides, says Ivers -- who was pursuing a master's degree in math and a career
in aeronautical engineering when she abandoned them both for music in the mid
1980s -- math is integral to music.

"Harmony is a really obvious way they relate. Are the octaves going to be a
two-to-one ratio or three-to-two or whatever? That's purely math. Even just
figuring out arrangements or rhythms or countermelodies, you're feeling it but
you're also thinking, even though you don't realize it, in those terms."

That simultaneous commerce and friction between feeling and thinking, giving
free rein to emotion even as you calculate its composition, makes Ivers' music
crackle. That, and her penchant for the musically unexpected.

Splicing African, Latin and American roots music, say, with the traditional
Celtic sounds that she grew up with in the Bronx as the child of Irish
immigrants. Or pushing her blue electric Zeta fiddle into the realms of
distortion, reverb and wah-wah, earning herself critical acclaim as "the Jimi
Hendrix of the violin." Or maybe finding a place for a beatbox and drum loops
alongside the bohdran, flute and Tommy McDonnell's lead vocals on last year's
Eileen Ivers & Immigrant Soul, her fifth album.

But then you turn around and Ivers, who plays at the Ottawa Folk Festival
tonight, is coaxing the saddest, sweetest traditional Irish air -- maybe Parting
of Friends -- from a no-frills wooden fiddle, just the kind of inspired
performance that's won her the All-Ireland Fiddle Championship nine times.

"I learned the fiddle from a wonderful teacher -- Martin Mulvihill -- and he
gave his students a very good grounding in the tradition," says the 39-year-old
Ivers who, with her husband, still lives in the New York City area.

"But then curiosity got me and I started working with other styles."

And there is logic behind her cross-cultural leaps, she says. Take that
percolating African rhythm underpinning the Celtic melody on Ivers' original
composition, Afro-Jig.

Much of both African and Irish music is written in three- and four-quarter time,
and an African rhythm "falls within the melodic lines of the tune, so it's
actually a very natural marriage. It sounds more world, but the rhythms are
really derivatives of Irish rhythms anyway. I think that's why audiences just
gravitate toward that."

This is a level of analysis that you don't often find musicians-- unless they
are jazz or classical performers-- willing to engage in.

"I love to play from that place that's really just emotional and musical, but
when you are dealing with a very beautiful traditional music like Irish music,
it deserves the utmost respect," says Ivers. "You have to look at it and say,
'Why does this feel right?' and analyze it a little bit."

With her musical eclecticism and easy audience rapport, Ivers has performed with
musical acts as varied as Riverdance and the Chieftans, the London Symphony and
Boston Pops, and Paul Cole. She also has recording credits on more than 80
contemporary and traditional albums.

Ivers says her envelope-pushing approach to traditional music doesn't offend
Celtic purists, who realize that she is bringing new fans into the fold.

Besides, "It is a tradition, but I look at also it as a living tradition ... I'm
proud of being American-born and playing with the music in this generation. And
the next generation will be handed down the music and then they let it live and
breathe through their generation. It is essential for the music."

Eileen Ivers and her band Immigrant Soul perform on the Ottawa Folk Festival's
mainstage tonight. Tickets & times, 230-8234.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Eileen Ivers and her band Immigrant Soul find their
envelope-pushing approach doesn't offend Celtic purists.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 18, 2015 Wednesday

Valentines bluegrass at The Leeward Theatre

LENGTH: 459  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


University of Hawai'i has issued the following news release:

Local and national bluegrass bands perform for a show-stopping evening of fun
this Valentine's Day, February 14, 8 p.m. at The Leeward Theatre at Leeward
Community College. Experience the country style musical fusion influenced by
jazz and blues, along with virtuosic playing of banjos, guitars and high-pitched
close-harmony vocals. Local banjo comedian Jordan Savusa and Tricky Britches
will be headlining. O[#x2bb]ahu bluegrass favorites the Saloon Pilots and the
North Shore Ramblers round out the evening.
Jordan Savusa

Jordan Savusa started his career as a regular opener for The Laugh Factory
Hawai[#x2bb]i and was a company member with Hawai[#x2bb]i's longest running
improv troupe ON THE SPOT HAWAI[#x2bb]I. At 19, Savusa bought Steve Martin's
Let's Get Small album and it was the first time he ever heard the banjo music
and comedy intertwined so well. Savusa taught himself how to play the
five-string banjo and started performing standup all over Honolulu. He is
currently pursuing a sketch comedy career in Chicago, Illinois.
Tricky Britches

String band Tricky Britches is the product of mountain music, rockabilly and
country swing all thrown together. Fiddle and mandolin tear through honky-tonk
rhythms, while lonesome harmonies pull the audience in until a spontaneous dance
explosion occurs. Tricky Britches formed in 2009, when four friends in Portland,
Maine, took their street-corner fiddle tunes and country songs on the road
across the US. Since then they have recorded two albums--Hard Fought Day and
Good Company.
Saloon Pilots

Hailing from O[#x2bb]ahu, Saloon Pilots perform bluegrass and American roots
music in contemporary, rhythmic arrangements. Saloon Pilots present a new level
of performance on the fiddle, 5-string banjo, guitar and bass, to island
audiences. Intricate vocal and instrumental renditions are a hallmark of this
group that draws influence from the earliest origins of bluegrass music to a
broad spectrum of the most recent contemporary musical artists.
North Shore Ramblers

The North Shore Ramblers formed two years ago as members became friends through
Bluegrass Hawai[#x2bb]i. Bob and Virginia Hayes are married and have lived on
the North Shore of O[#x2bb]ahu for 25 years. She took up fiddling about 7 years
ago and when band needed a bass player Bob stepped into that role. Jeb Wiemer
lives down the road where he builds and repairs guitars, [#x2bb]ukuleles and
other stringed instruments. Neal Snyder, originally from Kentucky, moved to
Hawai[#x2bb]i years ago as a paint contractor who loves to play the guitar and
sing. The North Shore Ramblers play regularly at Jerry's Pizza in Waialua.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 28, 2011 Thursday

2011 Moscow Renaissance Fair Saturday and Sunday

BYLINE: Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 593 words


April 28--Basoa Main Stage

SATURDAY

10 a.m. -- Welcome Ceremony Honoring 2011 Renaissance Fair Royalty

10:15 a.m. -- Greg Hodapp -- Moscow

11:15 a.m.- Grateful Live -- Moscow

12:30 p.m. -- Quincy Harper -- Austin, Texas

1:30 p.m. -- Maypole Dance

2:30 p.m. -- Rick and Evie Mugrage Union, Ore.

3:10 p.m. -- Mystic Rhythms belly dance troupe Moscow, ID

3:30 p.m. -- Renaissance Fair Parade Moscow Peace Band

3:45 p.m. -- David Zink Pasadena, CA

5 p.m. -- Brady Goss Wilsonville, OR

6:15 p.m. -- Miriams Well Portland, OR

7:45 p.m. -- Jimmy Lloyd Rea and the Switchmasters Baker City, OR

SUNDAY

10 a.m. -- Locals Only (assorted Moscow/Pullman artists)

11:15 a.m. -- Dogs That Don't Die -- Moscow

12:15- Runaway Symphony Moscow

1 p.m. -- Smokin' Mojo -- Moscow

1:45 p.m. -- Bare Wires -- Moscow

2:45 p.m. -- Maypole Dance

3:30 p.m. -- The Gems (National Oldies Rock)

Enchanted Forest Stage

SATURDAY

10:30 a.m. -- Troy Shortspeareans a yearly starter for the youth stage

11:30 a.m. -- Potlatch Junior Jammers kids on fiddles youth fiddle group

12:30 p.m. -- Spectrum II Dance Group

1:30 p.m. -- Maypole break

2:45 p.m. -- Two Caterpillars kids punk rock band

3:45 p.m. -- Citaly Solcklorico MJHS Spanish Club dance group

5 p.m. -- Carol Muzik Children's Storyteller and author of "Raising Lucy"

SUNDAY

11 a.m. -- Brady Goss

12:15 p.m. -- Emily Alexander and Jane Walden, guitar and vocal duo

1 p.m. -- Adrian and the Cabieri

2 p.m. -- Catchy Tuna, fiddle, banjo, guitar, and concertina; old tune standards

2:30 p.m. -- Maypole BREAK

3:30 p.m. -- Helen and her Hula Hoops

Enchanted Village

Adventure Learning Camp

SATURDAY

9 a.m.- Bird Identification

10 a.m. -- Water Color in Nature 11 a.m. -- Navigation in the Outdoors Noon --
Nature Journaling 1 p.m. -- Insect Identification 2 p.m. -- Tree Identification
3 p.m. -- Plant Anatomy 4 p.m. -- Plant Press Poetry 5 p.m. -- Making
Backpacking Dinners

SUNDAY

9 a.m.- Plant Anatomy 10 a.m. -- Plant Press Poetry 11 a.m. -- Tree
Identification Noon -- Nature Journaling 1 p.m. -- Navigation in the Outdoors 2
p.m. -- Tree Identification 3 p.m. -- Watercolor in Nature 4 p.m -- Bird
Identification 6 p.m. -- Native American Games 7 p.m. -- Native American
Storytelling

Free Kids Zip Line

Adventure Learning Camps and John Crock of Hyperspud Sports

Saturday: noon-4 p.m.

Sunday: noon-3 p.m.

Website: www.adventurelearningcamps.com

Around the World Yurt

Miriam Kent and Friends

Saturday: Noon-4 p.m.

Sunday: Noon-4 p.m.

Climbing Wall/Euro-Bungee

Altitude Adjustment

Saturday: 10 a.m.-dusk

Sunday: Noon-dusk

Face Painting

MHS Environmental Club and MHS International Club

Saturday: 10 a.m.-4 p.m.

Sunday: Noon-4 p.m.

Dragon Painting

Wild at Art

Saturday: 11 a.m.-4 p.m.

Hands on Renaissance History

Realms of Avalon

Saturday: 10 a.m.-5 p.m.

Sunday: 10 a.m.-5 p.m.

Imagination Station

Free crafts by Moscow Renaissance Fair

Saturday: Noon-5 p.m.

Sunday: Noon-5 p.m.

Finger Knitting

The Yarn Underground

Saturday: 12:00-3:00

Tipi: All welcome

Saturday: All day

Sunday: All day

WSU Raptor Presentation

WSU Veterinary Hospital

Saturday: 11 a.m. -- 3 p.m.

Sunday: 11 a.m. -- 3 p.m.

Baby Changing Station

Moscow Parent Toddler Co-op

Saturday-Sunday: All day

Roving performers

Stilt Walkers

Gentle Giants

Saturday: 3-4:30 p.m.

Hoola Hooping with Helen, all day

To see more of the Moscow-Pullman Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.dnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Moscow-Pullman Daily News,
Moscow, Idaho Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110428-1MW-2011-Moscow-Renaissance-Fair-Saturday-and-Sunday-0428-20110428

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                    Copyright 2011 Moscow-Pullman Daily News

                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            August 21, 2008 Thursday

Barbara Rose Shuler: It's a good time to focus on upcoming subscription seasons

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: MUSIC; Columnists

LENGTH: 623 words


We're gliding into fall, a between-time for classical music. The bright bustle
of the summer music festivals is on the wane.

Announcements for the 2008-'09 seasons fly through the mail, making it a good
time to focus on the subscription seasons.

We'll start with Chamber Music Monterey Bay. But first, here is a fiddler for
you.

Monterey Symphony violinist Caitlin McSherry is also a champion fiddle player
who will be playing live at Salinas City Hall Friday at noon. Seating is
limited.

McSherry plays a violin that arrived in Monterey County in 1890 in the back of a
covered wagon.

Donated by Mr. and Mrs. William Fly of Corralitos, the instrument belonged to
William Fly's grandfather, who played it at family celebrations and parties.

This concert is open to the public and is free of charge.

"We'd love to have the Rotunda packed with foot-stomping music lovers! Bring all
your friends," said the symphony's executive director Joe Truskot.

McSherry began playing the violin at age 5. Surrounded by mountain music makers
she learned both fiddle playing and classical style violin.

She's a graduate of the San Francisco Conservatory of music but has always kept
fiddle music close to her heart.

While there you might want to purchase tickets to the Symphony Hoedown, which
takes place Saturday, Sept. 6 from 4-8 p.m. at the Salinas Golf and Country
Club.

This event has been organized by the Salinas Symphony Supporters. It's $50 per
person and includes a barbecue dinner, complimentary wine and music by McSherry
and her Hoedown Band (a fiddle, two guitars, and a doublebass).

For more information, call the symphony at 624-8511.

Famed quartet

Chamber Music Monterey Bay enters its 42nd season with a mix of traditional
classics and contemporary works.

The season-opener features the famed Guarneri String Quartet, touching into
Carmel on their farewell tour Friday, Oct. 17 at 8 p.m.

The quartet   "among the most revered and enduring ensembles of its kind in the
world"   retires after this season. It was formed in 1964 and has appeared in
the prestigious halls in the world.

They will play Beethoven's Quartet in E-flat Major, Op. 127 and Quartet in A
Minor, Op. 132.

Friday, Nov. 14 at 8 p.m. The American Chamber Players, formed in 1985, will
play a program of quartets by Mozart, Bridge and Faure along with Schoenfield
Bagatelles.

TAGI, a clarinet, violin, cello, and piano quartet, performs an all-Russian
concert Friday, Feb 6 at 8 p.m., including works by Stravinsky, Shostakovich and
Tschaikovsky.

TAGI has been praised as "spellbinding as a Faust-like tale, producing a
stunning effect."

The Kalichstein-Laredo- Robinson Trio returns to Carmel Friday, March 27 at 8
p.m., celebrating 30 years together, having set the standard for performance of
the piano trio literature. Music of Beethoven and Mendelssohn Trio will be
performed.

On April 25 at 8 p.m. the St. Lawrence String Quartet will play works by Haydn,
Adams and Mendelssohn.

St. Lawrence has played more than 1,800 concerts in the past 18 years. Alex Ross
of The New Yorker Magazine described the quartet as "remarkable not simply for
the quality of their music making, but for the joy they take in the act of
connection."

Discounted subscription packages to all five concerts are available from $150 to
$215. Single tickets, on sale after Labor Day, will be available from $29 to
$62.

To order tickets or receive a brochure, call 625-2212. All performances take
place at Carmel's Sunset Center.

Seeking string players

The Monterey Peninsula String Ensemble is looking for violin, viola, cello and
bass players.

Repertoire includes string orchestra, chamber music and symphonic. The class
meets Mondays at 7 p.m. at the MPC Music Hall. For more information, call David
Dally at 626-9007.GO!

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 19, 2005 Tuesday

JIM HAMM, MUSICIAN: 1918-2005;
Born with 'a fiddle in his hand,' he was once signed to tour with Hank Snow but
discovered he was too homesick to continue and so quit the show

BYLINE: ALLISON LAWLOR, Special to The Globe and Mail, with files from Canadian
Press

SECTION: OBITUARIES; Pg. S9

LENGTH: 848 words

DATELINE: HALIFAX


On Nova Scotia's South Shore, he was best known as "Fiddlin' Jim." After
travelling with country music legend Hank Snow in the late 1940s, he continued
to entertain audiences with his beloved fiddle and unique style right up until
the end of his life.

Jim Hamm had an unmistakable presence on stage. Instead of placing the fiddle
under his chin, he liked to hold it away from his body, even behind his back, or
under his leg. His antics earned him the nickname of the "acrobatic fiddler."

He loved to surprise his audiences. Fred Speth, president of the Nova Scotia
Country Music Hall of Fame, recalls the first time he heard Mr. Hamm play a few
years ago.

Mr. Hamm appeared on stage with a wooden dowel in his hand and no bow in sight.
"I was in the hardware store today and bought myself a new bow," he told the
audience. He put the dowel to the strings and music rose from his violin.

"It sounded good," Mr. Speth said. "He put on a good show."

James Edgar Hamm was the son of Jessie and James Hamm of Halifax. When he was
about seven, he got his hands on his first fiddle. His father had played a
little but young James essentially taught himself. "He had a passion for it
right away," said his daughter-in-law Belinda Hamm.

After being tucked into bed at night he would pull the covers over his head and
play his fiddle until his parents came to tell him to get to sleep. By the age
of 12, he was playing at local dances.

"He was a natural fiddler," said long-time friend and fellow musician Ivan
Dorey, better known as "Smilin' Ivan." "He was one of the ones that was born
with a fiddle in his hand."

In 1939, Mr. Hamm took his down-east fiddling style to CBC where he played on
farm broadcasts. He also fiddled on CHNS Radio in Halifax. In 1943, he joined
the army and was stationed in Halifax. During the war years, he played bugle
with the No. 6 district depot band.

After the war, he worked as a carpenter and toured with Hank Snow in Ontario and
eastern Canada. Despite his admiration for Mr. Snow, he didn't last long. "He
toured with Hank Snow in '47 and he got homesick, and that's why he quit Hank
Snow and came home," Mr. Dorey said. "That's the kind of person he was."

It was something his friend always suffered, Mr. Dorey said. "If he left home,
he had to get back . . . He didn't like to leave - he was a homebody."

After returning from tour with Mr. Snow, he asked Mr. Dorey to audition with him
for CKBW Bridgewater. In January of 1948, the two men were on the radio, with
Mr. Hamm on the fiddle and Mr. Dorey on guitar and vocals. They were the first
live fiddle act on the local radio station. Every day at noon their 30-minute
country and western show went to air. They also played at local dances, bar
mitzvahs and other events. Mr. Hamm continued to play on the station till the
mid-1950s. In the 1960s, he made a number of guest appearances on Don Messer's
Jubilee on CBC television at a time when the variety program was among the
most-watched TV shows in the country.

In November of 1950, Mr. Hamm married his sweetheart Mary Crossland. The
couple's home was filled with children and music. With fiddling the principal
source of dance music in rural Canada up until the 1960s, impromptu kitchen
parties would erupt at the Hamm home when friends dropped by with their
instruments to play and have a good time.

One of Mr. Hamm's great joys was accompanying his daughter Elaine while she
sang. They played together during the 1960s and 1970s, until she died of
pneumonia before reaching the age of 30. The death of his daughter was a tragedy
from which he never fully recovered.

Any time Mr. Hamm got a call to play at a charity event, whether it was for the
veterans, the local hospital, seniors' residences or a community fund-raiser he
was there. "He volunteered far more hours than he was ever paid for," Belinda
Hamm said.

At the G8 Summit in Halifax in 1995, Mr. Hamm got a chance to entertain some of
the world leaders' spouses at an event held in Lunenburg. Hillary Clinton, who
was in the audience, was said to be quite excited by his fiddle playing.

"He delighted the audiences," said Lauren Tutty, manager of the Hank Snow
Country Music Centre in Liverpool, N.S.

Having recorded with other players including Little Buddy Hirtle and Mr. Dorey,
Mr. Hamm put out his first CD in 2001 called Fiddlin' Jim and Friends. It was
followed by a second CD in 2004. In 2001, Mr. Hamm was inducted into the Nova
Scotia Country Music Hall of Fame.

"Everybody that ever I talked to about Fiddlin' Jim Hamm, they had nothing but
praise for his music," said Mr. Dorey. "He was that good."

Every year, Fiddlin' Jim enjoyed playing at the Annual Hank Snow Tribute in
Bridgewater. This August will be the first one he missed in 15 years. "He loved
everything that music brought to his life," Belinda Hamm said.

Jim Hamm was born

in Halifax on Feb. 28, 1918.

He died on June 29, 2005,

in hospital in Bridgewater, N.S. He was 87. He leaves his wife, Mary; sons,
Reid, Rickie, Robin; daughters, Patty and Nancy; eight grandchildren and five
great-grandchildren.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                              May 18, 2008 Sunday

Local man to be inducted into Western Swing Hall of Fame

BYLINE: By Debra Mayeux The Daily Times

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 766 words


FARMINGTON   A smile spread across Billy Foust's face and his eyes brightened
when he picked up the fiddle he bought 70 years ago in a pawn shop.

He held the fiddle on his shoulder and stroked the strings with his bow, but the
sound was not the same as it was in Foust's heyday.

"I just hate that I can't play anymore," said Foust, who once made a profession
out of being a fiddler.

The leader of many Western Swing bands in the '40s and '50s, Foust, of
Farmington, is being inducted in the Western Swing Music Society of the
Southwest's 2008 Hall of Fame.

He will travel to Yukon, Okla., July 17-19 for the honor. The society was
founded in 1998 by a group of Western Swing musicians. It has a membership of
more than 1,500 musicians and fans.

"The hall of fame selection committee and the board of directors are proud to
recognize and honor you for your outstanding contributions to Western Swing
Music," society president Chuck Hayes wrote in a letter to Foust.

He was 9 years old when he purchased his first fiddle. "I got to picking cotton,
and I made $1.50. The lady on the farm had two fiddles, so I bought one of
them," he said.

Foust, 88, taught himself how to play, picking the instrumentation up by ear. "I
don't know music," he said.

What Foust did know was how to work the fiddle and sing. By the age of 12 he was
winning fiddling contests in Oklahoma and was performing in dance halls at 15.

"We had these country dances. That's the only entertainment we had then," he
said.

Foust's parents saw something in their son and took him in a horse-drawn wagon
to the Northwestern Oklahoma Fiddle Championship. He competed against 70 other
musicians and won a spot in the 1937 Oklahoma State Fiddle Championship, which
Foust won.

"I was scared when I went to Oklahoma City," he said.

After winning the state title, Foust started playing with various bands.

"That's all we did was play   way back yonder   entertain and play," he said.

The dances were different. They were family affairs with adults, teenagers and
children filling the halls to enjoy an evening of music and dance.

By age 20, Foust was married to his sweetheart Wilma, and she became an integral
part of the business organizing events and selling tickets.

Foust, also known as "Oklahoma Bill," became a force in the Western Swing scene.
He played with such legends as Bob Wills, Johnny Lee Wills and Monty Hale, a
western movie star.

"Bob (Wills) and I was good friends. He started this Western Swing," Foust said.

Wills was a regular in the Foust home. During one visit, Foust's son, Ronnie was
waiting to see the famous cowboy Bob Wills, but when Wills came in he took off
his cowboy hat revealing a bald head. "Ronnie started crying because Bob Wills
was bald," Foust said.

Even Foust's daughter, Janis Wilson, remembers regular visits from the legends
of swing.

"When I was a little kid, people like Bob Wills would come to our house, and I
would go see people like Gene Autry," Wilson said.

Autry asked Foust to play with him on a trip through Texas. "I checked my
schedule and couldn't do it," Foust said.

Wills, however, was around throughout Foust's career. The fiddler played with
his friend for free. Then, Wills gifted Foust with two Western suits made for
him in Hollywood.

"I had a television show in Amarillo. They showed up good on television, because
it was black-and-white," Foust said.

After some 20 years in the business, Foust left music and Texas behind moving
his family to Farmington, where the climate agreed with Janis, who suffered from
asthma. He worked at Gambles store, which used to be in downtown Farmington, and
then, bought a service station on Miller Avenue.

"I played after I got out here, part-time, at the Elk's Club and at dances,"
Foust said.

Carpal Tunnel Syndrome, however, left him unable to play the fiddle later in
life.

"He can hardly move his fingers anymore," Wilson said.

Despite the debilitating condition, Foust fondly recalled his life in the music
industry. It was a time when musicians were just people. "They was all good
folks," he said.

The industry has changed throughout the years and Foust said differences abound
in country music.

"Western Swing was all I knew," he said. "It's good for young people to play
music, but for me, country music today is not country music. Back when we played
you had to play in uniform, and we all dressed alike. Now, it's a whole
different ball game."

Foust does enjoy some country stars. If he had to choose two to admire he would
select Alan Jackson and Randy Travis.

"I hope some of them (country musicians) will take on Western Swing and keep it
going," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Maine: Cony High School Viles Auditorium Augusta Sunday, October 18, 2015, 2PM

LENGTH: 188 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Augusta: UMA University, The State of Maine has issued the following news
release:



 The &ldquo;Concerts at Jewett&rdquo; Series sponsored by University of Maine at
Augusta College of Arts and Sciences and UMA Senior College will feature Fiddle
-icious on Sunday, October 18, 2015, 2PM at Cony High School Viles Auditorium,
60 Pierce Drive, Augusta, Maine.





 Fiddle-icious is comprised of a diverse group of enthusiastic fiddlers and
other musicians of all ages and walks of life with members from Kittery to
Augusta. Their music comes from the Irish, Scottish, Quebecois and Acadian
traditions and includes reels, jigs, marches, hornpipes, waltzes, step-dancing
and singing.



 Fiddle-icious is directed by Don Roy, a designated Master Fiddler from Gorham,
considered a &ldquo;living cultural treasure&rdquo; here in Maine. Both Don and
his wife Cindy are committed to keeping Maine's musical heritage alive with this
non-profit, all volunteer community organization.



 Tickets are $10, students $5, 12 & under free.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Maine: Cony High School Viles Auditorium Augusta Sunday, October 18, 2015, 2PM

LENGTH: 188 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Augusta: UMA University, The State of Maine has issued the following news
release:



 The &ldquo;Concerts at Jewett&rdquo; Series sponsored by University of Maine at
Augusta College of Arts and Sciences and UMA Senior College will feature Fiddle
-icious on Sunday, October 18, 2015, 2PM at Cony High School Viles Auditorium,
60 Pierce Drive, Augusta, Maine.





 Fiddle-icious is comprised of a diverse group of enthusiastic fiddlers and
other musicians of all ages and walks of life with members from Kittery to
Augusta. Their music comes from the Irish, Scottish, Quebecois and Acadian
traditions and includes reels, jigs, marches, hornpipes, waltzes, step-dancing
and singing.



 Fiddle-icious is directed by Don Roy, a designated Master Fiddler from Gorham,
considered a &ldquo;living cultural treasure&rdquo; here in Maine. Both Don and
his wife Cindy are committed to keeping Maine's musical heritage alive with this
non-profit, all volunteer community organization.



 Tickets are $10, students $5, 12 & under free.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            November 14, 2010 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

My Minnesota;
Sedra Bistodeau, teenage violinist

BYLINE: CURT BROWN; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 404 words


Like many teenage girls, 16-year-old Sedra Bistodeau spends lots of time in the
tiny upstairs bathroom at her family's home east of Princeton, Minn. Unlike most
teenagers, Sedra usually has a violin pinched between her chin and shoulder.

Every day after Princeton High School lets out, Bistodeau heads home, grabs a
bite to eat, polishes off whatever homework awaits and picks up her instrument
and her bow.

She typically wanders around the house from 4 p.m. to 10 p.m., circling through
the kitchen, dining room, up the stairs and into her parents' bedroom. She'll
sit down on her bed if there's a new concerto to read. But once it's memorized
and locked in, she's off and running.

"I'll play in the driveway if the weather's nice," she says. "But the bathroom
has the best acoustics. I just look in the mirror and stare at my left hand."

Sedra started playing when she was 3. Her sister, Deana, began playing at 7.
"When I heard her and saw her, I wanted to play because I wanted to be better,"
Sedra says.

She wows judges at youth symphony competitions and studies under Sally O'Reilly,
a renowned professor of violin at the University of Minnesota School of Music.

Her musical personality is a split one. She's one of Minnesota's most
accomplished teenage classical musicians, but in the summer she travels the
competitive fiddle circuit. She finished fourth last summer in the masters
division at an international fiddle festival in Wyoming. She's dazzled
grandstand audiences at the Minnesota State Fair's talent shows since she was a
little girl, often plucking her fiddle behind her head ala Jimi Hendrix. YouTube
is punctuated with her highlight videos.

When he was guest conducting the Minnesota Youth Symphony at Orchestra Hall,
legendary Minnesota string-music maestro Peter Ostroushko asked her to play the
fiddle tune "Done Gone" in a back hallway.

"Five minutes later, after I picked up my jaw off the floor, we got to talking
and have become friends," says Ostroushko, who invites Sedra on stage at local
shows.

The sophomore at Princeton High admits that she's a perfectionist when it comes
to music.

"I have to concentrate a little bit harder with the classical than with the
fiddle music," she says. "There are just so many great concertos out there,
written hundreds of years ago, that are the most beautiful things you could ever
think of."

Let alone hear in a cramped second-floor bathroom a mile east of Princeton.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             April 27, 2003 Sunday

Musical master; Elizabeth man exchanges numbers for instruments

BYLINE: mailto:ecoyle@wcinet.comERIN COYLE

SECTION: Pg. e1

LENGTH: 710 words

DATELINE: ELIZABETH, Ill.


In 1977, Ray Thraen was heading toward a life of mathematics and teaching.

But a road trip to Union Grove, N.C., for a post-Woodstock music festival
changed all of that. The rest is harmonious history.

Thraen and some of his college buddies joined other students, Harley-Davidson
riders and mountain people for a weekend of oldtime tunes.

"It was all these old hillbillies playing fiddles and banjos, and I just fell in
love with it," Thraen said. "I fell in love with the music."

Thraen, now 52, said he was drifting away from college at the time. He wanted to
do something with his hands. His friends laughed when he said he was going to
learn to play mandolin and fiddle. But, his newfound passion for mountain music
led him to more than just playing the instruments.

He abandoned his math major and plans to teach. He started working as a
carpenter, building furniture and cabinets in the Elizabeth area. Even with
money coming in, instruments were expensive.

"He really could not afford to go out and buy one, so he started making them,"
said Judy Thraen, Ray's wife.

Ray made himself a mandolin and learned Judy shared his love for playing music.
He bought her an old Gibson guitar and they started jamming together.

"It just kind of shot off from there," Judy said.

People heard the Elizabeth man repaired string-instruments and started knocking
on his door, making Ray a full-time luthier.

"He has been around doing it for a while, and he is good at it," said Wil
Bremer, co-owner of Spruce Tree Music and Repair, in Madison, Wis.

Bremer is still waiting on Ray to transform a four-string banjo neck into a
five-string banjo neck. But Bremer isn't concerned about the instrument
returning to his store soon.

"I know when I get it back it's gonna be right. That's more important to me,"
Bremer said.

Ray's job gives him the flexibility to pick up his fiddle when glue dries or he
wants to play along with a cassette tape. He determines when to play or work.
When pushed to work, Ray prefers to play.

After Judy had their daughter, Irene, she started helping Ray with his
instrument repairs. She cut abalone to adorn the necks and bellies of fiddles,
guitars, banjos and anything else brought for the couple to revive.

Her time spent in Ray's workshop has dwindled in recent years. She now works
fulltime as an Elizabeth waitress, who pops into Ray's shop when a second set of
hands are needed.

She said Ray doesn't even like her to watch him work. When someone comes to his
door, Ray stops sawing and sanding. He'll settle into a chat or play a fiddle he
built, the one with a small flower inlay cut by Judy.

Ray plays his fiddle along with a tape of Irish music, his latest love. Cases of
guitars and banjos, which wait for Ray's repairs, rest beside the stool where he
plays. His knee rises as his heel taps out the beat he creates over the fiddle's
strings. At times, sound resonates from more than one string, as if two
musicians accompany the recording.

"I play along with this tape a lot," Ray said. "Old-time Appalachian is real
close to Irish."

Another fiddle waits under a work table. When Ray finds time, he will finish
shaping and carving its form.

"It's a pretty awesome thing really. It has a real science to it," Ray said.

He charges clients anywhere from $$ @5 to $$ @50 per hour, but the average is
about $$ @15-$$ @20. "Every one of the mis different," he said.

Julie Luther, co-owner of Spruce Tree Music and Repair in Madison, said Ray
built a wonderful guitar a few years ago with ivory inlays of the cartoon figure
Kilroy.

"It was a really nicely made instrument, and that was a telling thing," Luther
said.

She said some people build instruments for the romance of building them without
understanding what they are doing. Ray often has his Kilroy cartoons peek at the
sound hole of the guitar. Cartoon and luthier thus focus on the music generated
by the instrument.

More than a quarter century after Ray decided to teach himself to play fiddle
and mandolin, he cannot imagine being anything other than a luthier and fiddler.

He still loves the music that drew him away from spending days in classrooms to
days in a sawdust-filled workshop.


LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ray Thraen, of Elizabeth, Ill., uses an etching device while working on
the neck of a banjo. Thraen has played and worked on instruments since 1977.
Thraen works on a banjo in his cluttered, but organized, workshop. He charges
anywhere from $5 to $50 per hour to repair instruments.

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.

                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Teen fiddle champ heads to the state competition

BYLINE: Submitted by Ronilyn Mussared

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 363 words


Georgia Rae, 14, and Quin Mussared, 13, of the Georgia Rae Family Band both
placed first in their contests at the Woodstock Harvest Fest on Sept. 15.

Georgia Rae was the returning Fiddle Champion 2011, as open division winners
must skip a year of play. This is her second open division win for the annual
contest held on the Woodstock Square. Her sister Quin also placed first in the
mandolin contest.

The week before, both girls placed at the East Troy Bluegrass Festival contests
in East Troy, Wis., Quin taking third in the mandolin and Georgia Rae second in
the open fiddle division.

The Mussared family is planning to head to Effingham, Ill., Oct. 21 to watch
Georgia Rae compete again in the Illinois State Old Time Fiddle Contest. Last
year, she placed second in the open division, competing against many three times
her age and playing experience.

"It will take a lot of gas money and a hotel stay to get her there," said Roni
Mussared, Georgia's mother. "It's a six-hour drive to Effingham."

The family is from Richmond, Ill.

The girls band, the Georgia Rae Family Band, plays at fairs and festivals,
concerts in the park, private parties and they pay for all their own travel and
band-related expenses.

The band recently played at the Spring Grove Autumn Fest at Hatchery Park Sept.
14 and the Dole Mansion Sept. 6. They were named WGLR Texaco Country Showdown
winner in 2012. The group plans to re-enter the recording studio to record their
third CD in as many years, and a trip to Effingham will diminish the girls'
money saved for the project scheduled to begin this November.

"The playing season is nearing an end. With only a few shows left on the
calendar, means less money coming in. We have to spend very wisely," Mussared
said.

The family is asking for donations to assure Georgia Rae will be able to return
to Effingham for another chance to place in the state competition.

"Her goal is to place in the top 5 for the second consecutive year, " Mussared
said, "but wouldn't it be great to see her take home a first-place trophy? She
has been preparing for this all year long."

The family has set up a gofundme Web page to help with the travel expense. To
donate, visit .

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy of Georgia Rae Family Band Georgia Rae, center, of the Georgia
Rae Family Band will compete in the Illinois State Old Time Fiddle Contest Oct.
21. The Richmond band includes her sisters, Kelly Jo and Quin Mussared.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                             March 4, 2017 Saturday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Canadian trio brings the magic

SECTION: WEEKENDER; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 491 words


It would be easy to argue that growing up under a musical umbrella on Prince
Edward Island in the far north-east corner of Canada would provide the perfect
back story for a trio of talented and handsome musos to conquer the world.

And that's partially true for The East Pointers - singer and fiddle player Tim
Chaisson, banjo player Koady Chaisson and guitarist Jake Charron. The Chaisson
clan are renown on the island for their music (Tim and Koady are cousins). And
that part of the world has a strong Scottish-Celtic music heritage. Tim's
grandfather founded the Rollo Bay Fiddle Festival in 1976, and now the band runs
it.

But these musicians have not refined their trade in isolation. They have just
arrived on their fourth tour of Australia.

"When we first got together we had a chance to tour Australia in the winter,"
Tim says. "From there, we had such a great time. We did Woodford [Folk
Festival]. We kept going back."

On January 1, 2016, Tim married his Canadian partner Jen Allen at sunrise at
Woodford.

"When we go [to Australia], it's like visiting our friends," Tim says.

At the moment, their favourite musical collaboration has been with Australian
singer Liz Stringer, who will join them for a few shows on this tour (Stringer
has just returned this week from Canada herself).

Tim, now 30, made his first album at age 15 and spent considerable effort
exploring a country music career.

He appears to be able to slip back into his traditional music roots with ease.
Mind you, while The East Pointers can wear the "traditional" label on their
sleeves, they add a touch of originality and modernism that puts them in a
category of their own, somewhere out there in cutting edge alt folk territory.

In January they released a video of them covering the David Bowie song Heroes
that brings a chill to the spine. Tim's sensitive vocals matched with their
exquisite string instrumentation is nothing short of sensational.

The band has already locked a new album, just recorded in Nashville, that will
be released in August.

As for the influence of Prince Edward Island, they readily admit it's a special
place for them and their sound.

"The east coast [of Canada] has such a unique history of music," Tim says.
"Being home, it keeps that realness to it. That's real roots. If I'm at home,
I'll go watch my dad at a square dance play piano and fiddle. It really kind of
hits home when you are at home. It's feel right playing the music you grew up
playing."

The Rollo Bay Fiddle Festival, which takes place on the third weekend of July
every year, drew about a dozen Australians last year on the strength of the band
spruiking it at their shows. While the Pointers play at it, they are not the
headliners.

The event includes fiddle workshops and clinics. Even Tim's fiddle was made in
nearby Nova Scotia by long-time luthier Clay Carmichael.

Tim is clear about the purpose of it all: "The point is to raise money to teach
people to play original music."

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Bluegrass museum to begin Saturday lessons

BYLINE: Sam Osborne, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 559 words


Jan. 28--The International Bluegrass Music Museum is seeking residents of all
ages to participate in its Saturday lessons to learn the fundamentals of
bluegrass music.

Katie Keller, marketing director at the International Bluegrass Music Museum,
said people of all ages and skill levels are welcome to participate in the
lessons.

"These classes are a good encourager for families to come together," Keller
said. "A lot of people think these lessons are just for kids. We encourage all
ages and skill levels to participate, it's never too late to pick up an
instrument."

Classes are offered in fiddle, guitar, mandolin and banjo. Ages six and up are
invited to attend.

There is a $70 registration fee, with each additional family member receiving a
discounted $35 registration fee. The museum has instruments available on loan
for participants who do not have access to the instrument they wish to learn.
They can take the instrument home with them throughout the duration of the
course schedule.

Professional musicians will teach the classes, including Kentucky State Fiddle
Champion Randy Lanham.

Lanham, the educational coordinator at the museum, has been teaching Saturday
lessons in fiddle for 12 years. He said the lessons are beneficial for the mind
and a confidence booster for participants of all ages.

"There are a lot of scientific studies that prove music is good for the mind, it
uses parts of the brain that nothing else does, it's good all around for their
memory and coordination skills," he said. "The fun factor is huge in music, I
love seeing kids and adults when they first start to play and realize 'Hey, I
can do this.' Even if they don't become professional musicians, they can play
for rest of their lives and at least use the skills and confidence."

Lanham said he has had several former students from his beginner's course go on
to pursue bluegrass music and play professionally.

"Several bands have sprouted from the bluegrass lessons," he said.

Lanham said he enjoys teaching the lessons because he hopes to keep the rich
heritage of bluegrass musicianship alive in Owensboro.

"My grandfather taught me the fiddle, and now I'm teaching my daughter and
hundreds of other students," he said. "I love keeping this tradition alive. We
need more bluegrass musicians in this area."

The Saturday lessons begin Feb. 7 and are held every other Saturday until June
27.

The deadline to register for classes is Feb. 4. Those who complete the course
will be invited to play on stage of the 2015 ROMP: Bluegrass Roots & Branches
Festival.

To sign up, visit bluegrassmuseum.org or call (270) 926-7891.

FIDDLE

9 a.m. Beginner -- ages 6, 7,  8

10 a.m. Beginner -- ages 9, 10, 11

11 a.m. Beginner -- ages 12 and up

Noon Intermediate -- all ages

1 p.m. Band -- all ages

GUITAR

9 a.m. Beginner -- ages 6, 7, 8

10 a.m. Beginner -- ages 9, 10, 11

11 a.m. Beginner -- ages 12 and up

Noon Intermediate -- all ages

MANDOLIN

10 a.m. Beginner -- ages 6-11

11 a.m. Beginner -- ages 12 and up

Noon Intermediate -- all ages

BANJO

11 a.m. Beginner -- ages 12 and up

Noon Intermediate -- all ages

BAND

1 p.m. -- All instruments and all ages

Sam Osborne, Messenger-Inquirer

(270) 691-7315, E-mail: sosborne@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2015 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150128-OW-Bluegrass-museum-to-begin-Saturday-lessons-0128-20150128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2015 Messenger-Inquirer

                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            March 7, 2007 Wednesday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

MacMaster means music in motion

BYLINE: By Garaud MacTaggart - NEWS CONTRIBUTING REVIEW

SECTION: LIFESTYLES; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 454 words


The art of fiddle playing as it is practiced on Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, is one
that references a tradition that hails back to Scotland for its roots. Musicians
like Alex Francis MacKay, Joe MacLean and Jerry Holland are just a few examples
of Cape Breton's fiddling legacy, but Natalie MacMaster is a member of the
(relative) youngsters who have taken what has gone on before and given it their
own twist.

MacMaster's concerts are also pretty kinetic, not the sort of staid,
cast-in-stone, folkloric renditions that happen when a tradition becomes
ossified. She knows from firsthand experience, by learning from the living
masters of her art, that playing the fiddle is, more often than not, a call to
the dance floor.

During MacMaster's concerts, motion is a near constant; she jumps around the
stage, romping between the various backup musicians in her entourage and
engaging in her obvious love of dance. All of this activity is in addition to
her fiddle playing, which is an exuberant, artful display of craft, skill and
intelligence that comes near to boggling the mind.

Tuesday night's concert at the (almost) filled to capacity Center for the Arts
at the University at Buffalo was even more extraordinary as MacMaster made some
obvious changes in her stage act that took into account her six months of
pregnancy -- such as sitting down for a lovely and fairly lengthy duet with her
pianist, Mac Morin -- but still managed to do a fair amount of hoofing.

Movement was a given from the moment MacMaster and her band took the stage. All
the music -- be they jigs, reels, strathspeys, marches or waltzes -- were all
played with a sparkle and a sense of wonder. When the bandleader sat out a few
measures to give her musicians a chance to shine on their own, the results were
definitely top notch.

Morin played some lovely duets with MacMaster, but also proved his own musical
worth in combination with guitarist Brad Davidge and the versatile
bagpiper/whistle wizard Matt MacIsaac. The latter, a wonderful player on a much
maligned instrument (the pipes), also showcased some decent chops on the banjo,
another instrument susceptible to mockery by the musically intolerant.

Bassist Shane Hendrickson and percussionist Miche Pouliot were adept at
providing a solid yet flexible foundation from which the rest of the band could
take off.

Still, there was no doubt about the focus of the crowd's attention. MacMaster's
personality and musicality were central to how well the concert came off and the
resulting display of affection from the audience for the performer was all the
confirmation needed to declare her show a rousing success.

-----

>Concert Review

Natalie MacMaster

Tuesday night in University at Buffalo Center for the Arts.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robert Kirkham/Buffalo News Natalie MacMaster changes to a gentler pace
Tuesday in UB's Center for the Arts.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Concert Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

Jane Alexiadis: Collectible plate, disk music player

BYLINE: By Jane Alexiadis Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Lifestyle; Home and Garden

LENGTH: 598 words


I was recently invited to evaluate items for an American music celebration at
the Martin Luther King Jr. Library in San Jose. I expected to see guitars,
violins and maybe a music cabinet or two, but I was pleased that someone
stretched the definition of American music to encompass other items.

The first, a collector plate, is similar to ones found in many a home. This
particular version, titled "Arkansaw Traveler," tells the story of a traditional
19th-century fiddle tune that was later adapted as the state song of Arkansas.
Produced in California by Vernon Kilns, the plate depicts a traveler on
horseback approaching a fiddle player sitting in front of an inn.

Vernon Kilns was established in the 1930s near Los Angeles. In addition to
producing decorative ceramics and dinnerware, the company had a division that
produced transfer-printed plates. These inexpensive pieces could be
special-ordered as souvenir, promotional or commemorative items. The "Arkansaw
Traveler" plate probably was intended to promote Arkansas' rich musical
heritage. Such plates are fun to collect, thanks to their huge variety and low
prices. A plate such as this one would sell for $10 to $30.

The second item is an early home-entertainment system. The Olympia Music Box was
manufactured in New Jersey by F.G. Otto & Sons around the turn of the 20th
century. This disc music box is an example of a large automated musical
instrument industry that flourished in Europe and the United States from the
mid-19th century through about 1920. A spring-wound mechanism rotates a
perforated-steel disc. Pins in the music box are attached to a tunable steel
comb. The comb either produces the sound itself or acts as a lever to control
pneumatically produced sounds.

Automated musical instruments -- including player pianos, roller (monkey)
organs, musical clocks, nickelodeons, calliopes and cylinder and disc music
boxes -- all worked by combining encoded information (piano rolls, pneumatic
rolls, discs and cylinders) with steel combs, strings, steam pipes and
percussion instruments. Although mechanically produced, this music was still
considered "live" and was a favorite with listeners.

The disc player was hugely popular. Instead of having access to only a few
tunes, its owners could purchase vast numbers of discs with their choice of many
types of music. The disc player was even more popular than its predecessor, the
cylinder player, because discs were less expensive to produce as well as
sturdier and easier to store.

Discs came in sizes ranging from 8 to 18 inches in diameter. They could be
mounted flat or vertically. The cabinets they were placed in could be ornate
pieces of furniture or simple, portable boxes.

Disc music boxes were found in many homes, though they were made for only about
30 years. Dozens of U.S. companies built these music boxes, but most of them had
gone out of business by 1910, when gramophones became available.

Many collector clubs and newsletters gather and trade information about these
beloved mechanical relics. If you have a player that is incomplete, original or
reproduction elements are sometimes available.

The dollar value of a disc music box depends on the condition of the spring and
comb, the style of the cabinet and the number of discs with it. An American
disc-music player like the one shown with this column -- in a portable cabinet
made circa 1895 -- would sell in the $1,200-$1,800 range. Individual discs sell
for $10 to $50.

Jane Alexiadis is a personal-property appraiser. Send questions, a brief
description and measurements toworth@janealexiadis.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO COURTESY OF WORTH@JANEALEXIADIS.COM This American disk-music
player, built circa 1895 and mounted in a portable cabinet, would sell in the
$1,200-$1,800 price range.
PHOTO COURTESY OF WORTH@JANEALEXIADIS.COM This ìArkansaw Travelerî plate, which
tells the story behind a traditional 19th-century fiddle tune and was produced
by Vernon Kilns, in Vernon, Calif., would sell today for $10 to $30.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                          February 11, 2010, Thursday

Modern-day honky tonk heads to Mountain Stage

BYLINE: MONICA OROSZ, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1D

LENGTH: 512 words


If you go

What: Mountain Stage

When: 7 p.m. Sunday

Where: State Culture Center

Tickets: $12.50 in advance, $20 at the door

Info: www.mountainstage.org or 800-594-8499

FYI: Sunday's show lineup includes Robert Earl Keen, Ray Wylie Hubbard, Darrell
Scott, Danny Barnes and The Sweetback Sisters

The Sweetback Sisters make room for some boys in the band and that's been a good
thing for West Virginia native Jesse Milnes.

The "sisters" part of the name refers to Zara Bode, Emily Miller and Bridget
Kearney. The guys who are content to keep their name out of the title are Milnes
on guitar, fiddle and vocals, Stefan Amidon on drums and Ross Bellenoit on
Telecaster.

Milnes, who grew up at the hands of well-known West Virginia fiddler Gerry
Milnes, first met Miller one summer when they were kids at the Augusta Heritage
Festival, where his dad taught and played.

"And then we reconnected a few years ago at Clifftop," he said, referring to the
Appalachian String Band Festival held there. "She pulled me into the band."

"Zara and Ross are old friends from high school and Emily and Zara sang in a
choir together," he added of their connections.

Members live in different cities and play in other bands but get together about
a week before they have a tour scheduled to rehearse. Their brand of music is
old-time country with a modern interpretation and originals.

Milnes was born in Webster County and moved to Elkins when he was 9. He said he
fooled around with the fiddle when he was little and started playing guitar as a
young teen, before taking up the fiddle seriously at 16.

"My dad taught me, but he sort of had the hands-off approach - he waited until I
picked it up," Milnes said of fiddling.

He decided not to major in music at college because it "sounded like more work
than fun. I didn't intend to play music for a living," Milnes said. "I worked in
an instrument shop for a long time."

He headed to Nashville three years ago and set up a small instrument repair shop
out of his garage.

"Nashville was a good town for that. Being new and just working from my house, I
was doing things pretty cheaply, and there are a lot of poor musicians in
Nashville."

Recently relocated to Vermont, Milnes hasn't yet moved all of his tools there,
but hopes he'll find instrument repair work to be good there, too.

Meantime, he's enjoying the gigs with the Sweetback Sisters, who come to
Mountain Stage on Sunday for their first appearance.

"We've been pestering them for a while," Milnes said. "I'm not sure when they
finally decided to give us a shot, but I've always wanted to play on Mountain
Stage."

Milnes said he gets back to West Virginia often, though he hasn't been back in
about a month.

"When I do, my dad and I play together. That's one of the things I miss most,"
he said.

Courtesy photo

The Sweetback Sisters take country and western swing and add a new twist. Ross
Bellenoit, left, Stefan Amidon, Zara Bode, Emily Miller, Jesse Milnes and
Bridget Kearney perform Sunday on Mountain Stage at the State Culture Center.

Contact writer Monica Orosz at monica@dailymail.com or 304-348-4830.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers

                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            August 25, 1996, Sunday,

HAPPENINGS OF NOTE - YORK

BYLINE: Ernie Clark

SECTION: VACATION LAND GUIDE, Pg. 9

LENGTH: 757 words


Sept. 1-8 Capricio '96

Ogunquit Art Association Gallery< This celebration of the arts has few peers
statewide, with high-quality activities scheduled daily throughout the week.
Opening night features the traditional artists' ball, this year with the theme
''A Night at the Opera.'' The Labor Day schedule includes a ''Poets In Person''
program, with local poets reading their works at the Ogunquit Art Association
gallery; and a performance by renowned jazz trumpeter Terrance Blanchard at
Jonathan's restaurant.

Other highlights throughout the week are live theater, a psycho beach party, a
fashion show and a panel discussion on local art history.

The final weekend of Capricio '96 kicks off Sept. 6, with ''Day of the Arts,''
featuring demonstrations of watercolor, etching, wood carving and visual arts
throughout the day at the art gallery.

Sept. 7 is chock-full of activities, capped by a staple of recent Capricio
festivals, a performance by the Portland Ballet at the Ogunquit Playhouse. Also
Sept. 7 is storytelling for children at the Ogunquit Memorial Library and a free
reception at the Ogunquit Art Association gallery.

For more, call 646-5533 or 646-6170.

Sept. 2-8 Septemberfest U.S. Route 1, Kittery

The 20th anniversary of Septemberfest features lectures, competitions, workshops
and demonstrations to appeal to nearly every outdoor enthusiast's fancy.

Hosted by the Kittery Trading Post, Septemberfest workshop and demonstration
topics include snowshoe making, canoe camping, wilderness first aid, taxidermy,
rock climbing, wild game cooking and more.

Special events include square and round dancing at 7 p.m. Sept. 5, a fireworks
display and fiddle contest Sept. 6 and the Septemberfest 5K Road Race at 8:30
a.m. Sept. 8.

All events are free and open to the public, with the exception of the road race,
for which registration is $ 10 on race day and $ 7 in advance.

For more information and specific workshop times, call 439-2700.

Sept. 7 Fiddle Contest and Old Time Country Music Show Intersection of Routes 1
and 35, Kennebunk

This eighth annual event serves as a showcase for aspiring fiddlers as well as
some of the premier performers in the region.

The fiddle contest begins at 7:30 from the Kennebunk Town Hall. About 20
participants are expected to compete in junior and senior divisions, with each
contestant performing three songs of different styles.

A three-judge panel will determine the winners, with cash prizes awarded to the
top fiddlers.

Tickets are $ 10 for adults, $ 8 for seniors and $ 7 for students and members of
River Tree Arts, the sponsoring organization.

The day's events start with a fiddler's workshop from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the
town hall. Greg Boardman will conduct the workshop, which is open to beginner,
intermediate and advanced fiddlers.

A bean supper, hosted by the Kennebunk Fire Department Ladies Auxiliary, is
scheduled from 5 to 6:30 p.m..

For more information, call River Tree Arts at 800-336-7856 or 985-4343.

Sept. 13-14 Classic Car Show and Go Kart Grand Prix Weekend Downtown Old Orchard
Beach

Classic cars and go-karts share the spotlight during this third annual
extravaganza spread throughout greater Old Orchard Beach.

You can enter your '57 Chevy or '65 Mustang in Friday night's classic car parade
and Saturday morning's car show. Then there's the go-kart grand prix and
Seacoast Pro/Am events scheduled for Saturday afternoon.

And, of course, you're welcome to visit and just check out the cars and the
competitions.

Other activities surrounding the show are carousel rides and a concert by
recording artist Anni Clark Friday night; and a classic car breakfast, swap meet
and a dance on Saturday.

Rain date is Sept. 15. To register for the car show or for more information
about the weekend, call 934-2500.

Sept. 21-22 Ogunquit Antique Show and Sale Dunaway Center, School Street,
Ogunquit

This marks the 22nd anniversary of this popular antique show and sale, which
serves as a fund-raiser for the Historical Society of Wells and Ogunquit.

Most of the antiques on display and for sale are of the carry-off variety. Some
of the more popular items to be made available by 24 exhibitors are silver,
glassware, wooden pieces, books and linens.

A snack bar will be open throughout the day.

The show runs 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. on Saturday, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Sunday.
Admission is $ 3, though discount coupons are available through local motels and
antique dealers. For more details, call 646-4775.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO:2 b&w, Septemberfest, hosted by the Kittery Trading Post Sept.;
2-8, features the outdoor kind of activities you would expect from a; business
that started as a sporting goods store. But it also includes; dancing,
fireworks, a fiddle contest and cooking.; A fiddle is a great instrument. It can
produce anything from; classical music as produced by symphonies to down-home
country and; western. The Fiddle Contest and Old Time Country Music Show Sept.
7; at Kennebunk Town Hall will produce more of the latter, but you can; always
get some surprises.

                Copyright 1996 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.

                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 September 12, 1993, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

'IT SHORE IS BLUEGRASS'; KRAUSS' FIDDLE IS TRUE TO ITS ROOTS

BYLINE: Paul A. Harris

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 983 words


AFTER CLOSING OUT a hectic summer round of folk festivals and fairs, fiddler
Alison Krauss has turned her attention to rehabbing an old house that she
recently bought south of Nashville.  The 22-year-old bluegrass star,
Grammy-award winner and recent Grand Ole Opry inductee - the first bluegrass
player so invited in 29 years - will perform Friday night at Mississippi Nights
with her band, Union Station.  Krauss is getting ready for fall and winter
seasons on the club and concert circuit, and she figured that with any luck, and
not too much pestering from the press, she'll at least be able to spend her
brief winter respite with a roof over her head.  "This house was built in 1910,"
Krauss said, setting aside the hammer.  "It's right next to a senior citizens
center. "They were going to tear it down and make it into a parking lot. But we
changed that." An old house next to a senior citizens center. Old-timey music
near old- timers. Can we discern a trend toward the old-fashioned in Alison
Krauss' aesthetic inclinations?  "I guess so," she said. "I grew up in an old
house with tall ceilings. And I love antiques. That's what this house will be
filled with." Three years ago, Krauss moved to Nashville from her hometown of
Champaign, Ill., where she earned a national reputation in fiddle competitions
she had been entering since she was a shirttail kid. In 1984, while still in
junior high, she became a national champ (for the first of two successive years)
in the National Flat-picking Championship's Fiddle Contest. Krauss took a more
or less conventional route into the violin, beginning with classical lessons.
"That's how I started, when I was about 5 1/2," she explained. "But when I was
8, I found out about a fiddle contest, and I went to that. And then I didn't
want to do anything else. I really loved competing in those contests, and
getting to play with a guitar.  "But as far as really getting into bluegrass,
that didn't happen until I was about 12, when (Champaign songwriter and band
leader) John Pennell was starting a bluegrass band.  "I had sung a couple of
songs and played a couple of fiddle tunes with a country band for a couple years
before I met John. But as soon as I got to play with a banjo in a band that was
all working toward one thing - instead of playing in a fiddle contest where all
the attention was on you - it was incredible. I found out that I loved to work
with other people who all wanted to work toward one thing." Listening to Krauss'
albums, the latest of which is "Every Time You Say Goodbye," released last year
on the Rounder label, you can't mistake the authenticity of her sound.  Whether
Krauss and Union Station lend themselves to a traditional bluegrass number like
"Cluck Old Hen" or to a contemporary song by a singer-songwriter the likes of
Shawn Colvin or Karla Bonoff - both of whom are represented on the album - they
play with that utterly convincing bluegrass roll that sounds as if it had just
come barreling out of a misty Appalachian holler.  It's easy to get into
semantic arguments with bluegrass fans, many of whom believe that if Bill Monroe
or the Stanley Brothers didn't play it, "it shore ain't bluegrass." Never mind
songs by Shawn Colvin or Karla Bonoff.  Krauss, however, believes that her hand
can put the authentic bluegrass stamp on whatever they play.  "I consider a good
percentage of what we do 'bluegrass' because it's traditional," she said. "I'd
like to think of all we do as 'bluegrass,' but a lot of it is not traditional
bluegrass, by any means. But I think that, in some areas, bluegrass is now
becoming a wider kind of thing." Early on, the pros noticed that essence of
authenticity in Krauss' fiddle playing as well. While still in high school, she
was recruited by no less a star than Emmylou Harris.  "About six years ago,"
Krauss recalled, "Emmylou found out about me from Vince Gill. She was looking
for a new fiddle player and wanted me to come and try out for her band. I never
did because I was in high school, and I was playing with Union Station already."
But Krauss did do a recording session with Harris. She's also done session work
on albums by Dolly Parton and Nanci Griffith. All three, Harris, Parton and
Griffith, sing in unadorned styles that are rooted in the folk traditions of the
Appalachian Mountains, so it's not difficult to understand their attraction to
Krauss, whose fiddling and singing demonstrate such a strong affinity for the
same traditions.  "They're all amazing women," Krauss said. "They know exactly
what they want to do and exactly what they want to sound like, which is
something I admire.  "Dolly was really incredible. That was probably the most
heavy thing I got to do - the neatest thing I ever got to do. I mean, I remember
going to watch '9-to-5' - I guess I was in second grade. I went to a movie
theater and watched '9-to-5,' and if anybody would have told me I would be
playing on her records, I never would have believed it." Last May, Krauss and
Union Station became the first bluegrass artists to join the Grand Ole Opry
since the Osborne Brothers and Jim and Jesse McReynolds joined the cast in 1964.
And the significance of that distinction is certainly not lost upon them.  "Just
look at the history behind that place," Krauss said. "You never think you're
going to get to play in there. At least I never thought I would.  "You think of
all those people there: the staff musicians who watch you play - people who have
backed up all these stars for 30 or 40 years - and you wonder, 'Do they think
we're cool?' " Slightly embarrassed by the thought, she chuckled and added: "At
least that's what I always think about." ALISON KRAUSS & UNION STATION Where:
Mississippi Nights, 914 North First Street, Laclede's Landing When: 9 p.m.
Friday How much: $12 in advance, $14 day of show Opening act: Slick Nickel
Information: 421-3853

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo - Alison Krauss

TYPE: PROFILE Alison Krauss

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             April 30, 2012 Monday

Samba Fogo: Finding the rhythm and fire of Brazilian dance

BYLINE: By Daisy Blake The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SUNDAY ARTS; Features

LENGTH: 723 words


Audience members who have never seen the Afro-Brazilian dance group Samba Fogo
can expect to be thrilled at a performance that will include fire and modern
dance, back-flips and other forms of nonstop action, said artistic director
Lorin Hansen, who is a state-licensed flame effects artisan.

The dance group will present "Pegando Fogo" (Catching Fire) at the Rose Wagner
Performing Arts Center May 3-5. Guests artists include Mestrando Jamaika and
members of Salt Lake Capoeira, Bronwen Beecher the Fiddle Preacher, and
Brazilian dance artist and choreographer Rosangela Silvestre, who will be
performing on her way to performances in Montreal, Geneva, Zurich, Paris,
Cologne, Germany, and Tokyo.

Samba Fogo will be premiering several new works in the concert, with a cast of
some 30 performers, featuring choreography by Silvestre and Hansen, and original
music by Hansen's husband, musical director Mason Aeschbacher. The pair have
been leading the group since 2003. "Live fire inside a theater is a thrill,"
Hansen said. "The Jeanne Wagner theatre gives us the opportunity to really focus
on the beauty of the art of fire dancing, and the technique and form of the
dancers handling the flames."

The lead vocalist for the show is Carla Jayne, who is from northern Chile, and
moved to the United States in 1993. "When I moved to the States and knew no
English, I submerged myself in music," she said. "I joined every choir, play,
group I could find, and found that it was the easiest way to learn the language
and pronunciation, not to mention it gave me a boost of confidence and the
realization that I had a love for performing. My singing days stopped when I
decided to have a family of my own. 'Pegando Fogo' is my first comeback
performance for such a large audience and I consider myself very blessed."

Joining the group for this performance is Bronwen Beecher, known as "The Fiddle
Preacher." She says it has been a long journey for her from her first
introduction to the Bembe -- traditional Brazilian rhythm -- to the melodic
interpretation of that rhythm, to her creation of her own Afro-Brazilian fiddle
style.

"There are no fiddles or anything resembling a fiddle in that style of music,"
Beecher said. "What fascinates me about this traditional dance music is that it
is based so completely on rhythmic, percussive instruments. It reminds me of
where we are in our current dance music of 2012. Thumping beats, simple
repetitive melodies, simple lyrics, a really basic and primal connection to the
music and to each other. Samba Fogo takes all that to the next level by adding
the element of real fire.

Hansen says Samba Fogo hopes to strengthen their local presence, with an
upcoming youth workshop and other Afro-Brazilian arts classes, as well as
presenting shows locally and nationally. They offer a weekly dance class at the
company's home, the Salt Lake City Arts Hub, 633 W. 100 South.

"We hope to continue spreading the joy of Brazilian music and rhythm to people
from all walks of life," Hansen said. "We feel that the joy it has brought us
and our community, and the lessons we have learned from it, are valuable and
worth sharing with the world."

features@sltrib.com Alt Heads:

Finding the rhythm and fire of Brazilian dance Catch them while you can

Samba Fogo presents "Pegando Fogo (Catching Fire)."

When » Thursday-Saturday, May 3-5, at 7:30 p.m.

Where » Rose Wagner Performing Arts Center's Jeanné Wagner Theatre, 138 W. 300
South, Salt Lake City

Tickets » $15-$20 at arttix.org, ArtTix locations or 801-355-ARTS.

Information » sambafogo.com.

Also » The group will hold a post-show reception in the Rose's lobby, where
concertgoers are invited to have photos taken with Samba Fogo 'passistas' in
their full-feathered regalia, and learn about the group's cultural arts
programs. Catch them while you can

Samba Fogo presents "Pegando Fogo (Catching Fire)."

When » 7:30 p.m. Thursday-Saturday, May 3-5

Where » Rose Wagner Performing Arts Center's Jeanné Wagner Theatre, 138 W. 300
South, Salt Lake City

Tickets » $15-$20 at arttix.org, ArtTix locations or 801-355-ARTS.

Information » sambafogo.com.

Also » The group will hold a post-show reception in the Rose's lobby, where
concertgoers are invited to have photos taken with Samba Fogo 'passistas' in
their full-feathered regalia, and learn about the group's cultural arts
programs.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy of Chris Blackburn Samba Fogo will present "Pegando Fogo"
(Catching Fire) at the Rose Wagner Performing Arts Center in Salt Lake City on
May 3-5.
Courtesy of Chris Blackburn Samba Fogo will present "Pegando Fogo" (Catching
Fire) at the Rose Wagner Performing Arts Center in Salt Lake City on May 3-5.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                            October 27, 2014 Monday
                                   1 Edition

US woman beats Scot to champion fiddler title

BYLINE: NO BYLINE

SECTION: HS - NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 130 words


An American woman has been crowned the winner of a prestigious Scottish fiddle
competition.

Mari Black, from Cambridge, Massachusetts, was named the Glenfiddich Fiddle
Champion in the annual event's 25th year.

Runner-up was George Davidson, of Aberdeenshire, and Maura Shawn Scanlin, from
North Carolina, in the event at Blair Castle, Blair Atholl in Perthshire,
yesterday.

She said: "It's wonderful to be able to compete against such a range of
incredible talent, and an honour to take part in a competition which is regarded
so highly in the world of traditional fiddle music.  It's been an incredible day
and I'm still surprised to have won.  I won't forget this experience".

The event dates back to 1989 following the Glenfiddich Piping Championship which
was established in 1974.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: surprised: Mari Black is the Glenfiddich Fiddle Champion.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GH


                      Copyright 2014 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved

                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Carlow Nationalist

                                 April 10, 2012

Country music past to present - part 1: The American story

SECTION: COLUMNISTS

LENGTH: 1651 words


COUNTRY music stretches in so many different directions, from the arrival of the
Scots Irish with their fiddles and pipes, to the Appalachian Mountains, a huge
range which stretches from Newfoundland in Canada to Alabama in the US,
encompassing such states as North and South Carolina, Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio,
West Virginia, Oklahoma, Maryland, Georgia and Pennsylvania, back to Ireland
where over the last couple of years there has been a huge revival.

While the Irish scene from the late '70s to the mid 2000s was largely depressed
and dependent on the old-timers, a new breed of young country artists has
succeeded in bringing a new wave of younger people to country concerts at venues
all over the nation. One of these young guns is Garryhill, Co Carlow native
Derek Ryan. We will be looking at Derek and the Irish scene in more detail next
week.

Immigrants originally moved from Scotland to Northern Ireland in the 17th
century, but due to English oppression over 250,000 moved on to this wild
mountainess territory in five different groups, where they had to live off the
land in order to survive and build their own future, which they did founding
many towns and cities along the way. These are the people whose music is
regarded as the birth of country music, but with many different titles to go
through before and after the formation of true country. The first music of the
Scots Irish was known as Appalachian folk music.

During the 300-year transition period from their arrival to becoming a distinct
style of music, the original fiddle and pipe was joined by other instruments
such as the German dulcimer, Italian mandolin, Spanish guitar and the banjo from
Africa. The sound created by this mixture of instruments was first known as
old-time music. Little has changed since, except the addition of steel guitar
and keyboards adding a sweeter more inclusive sound.

Atlanta in the state of Georgia became the first country music capital, with a
fiddler's convention there each year from 1913. In the early years, old-time
music was joined by blues and gospel with 'Fiddling' John Carson one of
Atlanta's first big stars. Like many musicians, he worked in the cotton mills of
Atlanta. This brings to mind a popular Irish country band from the showband
days, the Cotton Mill Boys, whose fiddle player Mick McManus would have been up
there with the best. We will look at this band next week also.

Blues then became country blues, with Ed Andrews credited with making the first
country blues recording in 1924, one of the stars of this era. You could say
that country music arrived in 1927 when Jimmie Rodgers became its first real big
vocal star. Born James Charles Rodgers in Meridian, Mississippi on 8 September,
1897, he proved a sensation as one of the first yodelling singers.

He is widely known as the father and founder of country music. Jimmy had a
tragically short career during which he recorded on the RCA label (at the time
better known as Victor). Rodgers had a huge hit with his third record called
"Blue yodel 1," also known as "T for Texas", which sold over half-a-million
copies and led to sellout concerts at every venue he played.

In all, from the first blue yodel up to his untimely death aged 35 on 26 May
1933 from a pulmonary haemorrhage after a long fight with TB, he produced 13
blue yodel songs. Many have survived the test of time, being covered by the
likes of Merle Haggard, who released an album of Jimmie's songs in 1969 called
"Same train a different time", which included muleskinner blues and California
blues. Both Johnny Cash on his box set "Unearthed" and Tompall Glaser recorded
"T for Texas," the latter on "Wanted", the Outlaws album in 1961.

Rodgers, along with Hank Williams and Fred Rose, were the first three artists
inducted into the Country Hall of Fame when it was established in 1961. In 1970,
he was elected to the Songwriters Hall of Fame and the Rock and Roll Hall of
Fame in 1986, where "Blue yodel 9" called "Standing on the corner" saw Rodgers
placed nin9th in the top 500 songs that shaped rock and roll. In 2003, Rodgers
was placed 33 of the top 40 men of country music.

In 1997, Bob Dylan put together a tribute combination of artists who covered
Rogers songs. These included Bono, Dwight Yoakim, Alison Kraus and Willie
Nelson. The 1982 Clint Eastwood film "Honkytonk man" was loosely based on
Jimmie's life. Jimmie made an amazing 111 recordings between 1926 and his death
in 1933.

It was around this time that those Atlanta city officials do what all stupid
politicians do: they decided to move their music upmarket. This meant that
country moved to Nashville, which had been competing to be its home anyway, and
although for a number of years there would be a thriving live country scene in
Atlanta, eventually by the mid-'40s it was all but gone. There are still a
number of country artistes operating out of Atlanta, including Alan Jackson,
Kenny Rogers and Ray Stevens.

The Great Depression caused mayhem to everything, including music, from Black
Tuesday 29 October 1929 into the late '30s early'40s there was little cheer or
change for anyone, musicians and vocalists included, trying to make a living.

However, country music thrived on radio barn dance shows, none more so than the
early "Grand Ole Opry", which began life on 5 October 1925 on Nashville's WSM
(AM) radio station, and was known as the WSM barn dance until 10 December 1927
when the title "Grand Ole Opry" was called for the first time, with the first
tune played being DeFord Bailey, known as the harmonica wizard, playing "The Pan
American blues." It is now the world's longest running radio programme.

Only the best have played the Opry, which has moved home a few times in its
history, its two longest runs being in the Ryman Centre from 5 June 1943 until
moving to its present home the Grand Ole Opry House, which can accommodate 4,400
patrons, on 16 March 1974, when then-president Richard Nixon knocked out a few
tunes on the piano.

Looking at some of the artists who have performed at the venue, it is easy to
see why it is called the mother church of country. Included are Roy Acuff,
popularly known as the king of country, who was there in the Ryman years, as was
Faron Young and Hank Williams.

At the Opry itself, you can name hundreds such as Dolly Parton, Patsy Cline,
Tammy Wynette, Crystal Gale, Johnny Cash, Merl Haggard, Willie Nelson, Garth
Brooks and Kenny Rogers as a very small indication of the stature of the singers
who perform there. Elvis Presley played the Opry in October 1954, receiving a
quiet reception to his type of rockabilly music.

The Carter family from Virginia have a long association with the Opry, the
original family of AP Maybelle and lead vocalist Sara (married to AP) covered
country, bluegrass, gospel and any other type of music you care to name.

They would be the first country vocal group to become stars and many of their
records are as well-known today as way back to their first recording in 1927,
for instance "Can the circle be unbroken, Wabash cannonball" and "Wildwood
flower." The group disbanded in 1944, although various members formed groups
with their own children, and with some success. Maybelle's daughter, June,
married Johnny Cash and so the Carter name would stay to the fore on the country
scene. Their children, for instance Rosanne Cash, would continue the tradition.

Drums were taboo in early country, being classified as too loud and not pure.
The Bob Wills big band was first to introduce drums in 1935, adding the first
electric guitar in 1938.

The Opry, however, did not allow drums until the late '50s. Arthur Smith was one
of, if not the first, to have a musical record crossover and chart in both the
country and pop top ten with "Guitar boogie" (to which you might add shuffle in
other recordings down the years).

Leaving the Opry and going back to the 1940s where the cowboy song, or western
music as it was known, was popular, Roy Rogers and Gene Autry came to the fore.
Autry is responsible for the second biggest sales of a single (after Bing
Crosby's "White Christmas") with "Rudolph the red nosed reindeer." The boogie
was also popular, leading exponents being Tennessee Ernie Ford and Merrill Moore
and would last into the '50s.

In the late '40s, bluegrass was popular and so, too, was gospel. Actually, the
first million selling gospel song was "Peace in the valley" recorded by Red
Foley just after the War. This was a period when the punters called it folk
music, while the industry called it hillbilly. With the introduction of
Billboard in 1944, we returned to country and in 1949 country and western.

However, rockabilly would not go away and it was not until the mid '50s that the
influence of Johnny Horton and Marty Robbins shifted the scene from rock and
roll again. There were many changes in the '60s/'70s with Patsy Cline, Eddy
Arnold and Jim Reeves providing a different sound with strings and piano
prominent.

In the late '60s, Nashville was leaning back towards the pop song, calling it
countrypolitan. Tammy Wynette, Lynn Anderson and Charlie Rich went this route,
so, too, did Marty Robbins.

Still, the hardcore country artists such as Merle Haggard, Buck Owens Loretta
Lynn and Porter Wagoner dominated the scene. The Bakersfield sound in the late
'60s had many of the leading vocalists as supporters, each with individual
interpretations of the sound. Country rock was also popular, with many pop
artists and groups crossing to the country side. These included Bob Dylan, the
Byrds, even the Rolling Stones recorded country with "Honky tonk woman".

Garth Brooks, Shania Twain, Linda Ronstadt, Faith Hill the Bellamy Brothers,
John Denver and even Dolly Parton have moved country in the direction of rock,
good or bad? Who knows?

Next week, we will look at the Irish country scene and Derek Ryan's
contribution. Also, we will have some exciting news of another member of the
Ryan family.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             July 28, 2009, Tuesday

Fiddler girl;
Charleston woman packed up her instrument to play in Nashville

BYLINE: Bill Lynch, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 725 words


Lauren Moses believes success in the music business is part talent, part luck
and an awful lot of hard work. Almost a year and a half ago, the blue-eyed
24-year-old from Charleston packed up her fiddle and moved to Nashville to
pursue a career in country music.

"It was a little scary," she said. "It was a big step for me."

Music has always been part of her life, but it was more of a preoccupation than
an occupation. Moses has a history degree from the University of Virginia and
her family owns the Moses auto dealership. Business and education seemed like
more likely paths for the GW graduate.

Moses says she started young, babbling songs before she could talk, but it
wasn't until she was in fourth grade that she picked up an instrument.

"I started playing violin in fourth grade," she said. "I was in the youth
symphony through school."

A few years later, her grandfather, a local musician, took her along with him to
old-time music festivals like the Maury River Fiddlers Convention in Buena
Vista, Va.; the Old Fiddlers Convention in Galax, Va.; and the Appalachian
String Band Music Festival in Clifftop. Through him, she was introduced to
traditional music.

Eventually, she switched to fiddle, she says, which was more about a change of
perspective than an actual change of instrument. Fiddles and violins are the
same thing.

As a fiddler, she competed and won her first award at the Old Fiddlers
Convention when she was 15. Later, she picked up two other first-place awards
from Maury River Fiddlers, but these were all strictly solo performances. It was
for fun. She didn't belong to any bands, wasn't a member of the Charleston area
club scene.

"There weren't a lot of places for a girl like me to play in Charleston at the
time," she said. "At least, not with people my age. It just wasn't cool."

The music got cooler, thanks to a revival of traditional music brought on in
part by the movie "O Brother, Where Art Thou?" She also found people her own age
who liked a little old-fashioned twang in their music.

While studying at UVA, she had a noisy upstairs neighbor in her apartment
building named Luke who used to practice his banjo. One night, Lauren got out
her fiddle and the two played back and forth at each other through the apartment
floor and ceiling in a kind of musical duel. Eventually, introductions were
made, the two became friends and they formed the Charlottesville-based roots and
rock band Six Day Bender.

Moses stayed with Six Day Bender for a couple of years, then left after she
graduated from UVA to pursue her own dreams. Six Day Bender still performs, but
without a fiddle player.

"We just had different ideas," she said. "They're more into the roots rock
thing. I'm more traditional and bluegrass."

Musically, Moses says she wants to follow in the footsteps of musicians like
Alison Krauss and Union Station, personal musical heroes of hers, whose
bluegrass style has branched out into country and pop success.

"It's a long, long road," she said. "I've just got to keep my nose down and
push."

She says she's starting from the bottom and working her way up, just like she
would if she worked at her father's dealership. She's playing some, appearing at
festivals and performing at Nashville clubs. It's all about experience and
exposure.

"I'm also writing songs for the first time in my life," she said.

Nashville has been good to her so far. She's pursuing the music full time. She's
formed a music publishing company, assembled a band and released a CD produced
by pop keyboard player Bill Cuomo and Beeb Birtles of The Little River Band.

It's also led to some odd musical jobs. She's played with Emmy Award-winning
newsman - and singer - Bob Schieffer (Face the Nation, CBS News) in the group
Honky Tonk Confidential.

"I got to play at the White House Press Dinner and the Ryman Auditorium," she
said. "It was a lot of fun."

She misses home some, but she gets back about once a month to see family. She'd
like to get back a little more and hopes to find a few places that will have her
come play.

"I'd love to do something with FestivALL, and isn't it every musician's dream to
play Mountain Stage?"

Chip Ellis | Gazette

Lauren Moses poses in front of her alma mater, George Washington High School,
while home visiting from Nashville, where she is working as a musician.

Reach Bill Lynch at lynch@wvgazette.com or 304-348-5195.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers

                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 30, 1998, Thursday, Final Edition

The Fiddler's String Of Achievements; After His Country Bow, Mark O'Connor Goes
Classical

Bill Friskics-Warren, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 1277 words

DATELINE: NASHVILLE


Mark O'Connor has six Country Music Association musician of the year awards and
has won seven fiddle championships. He is not only without peer as a country and
bluegrass fiddler, he's the only musician to capture national titles on three
instruments (fiddle, guitar and mandolin). More than that, he did so before his
21st birthday.

And then he left country music. Now, as a violin soloist and composer, O'Connor
fills recital halls across the nation. The fiddler has emerged as a celebrated
concert virtuoso, and his compositions have been performed by the likes of
cellist Yo-Yo Ma and violinist Gil Shaham.

O'Connor, who makes his debut with the National Symphony Orchestra tomorrow and
Saturday, has done more than make a successful transition from country to
classical music; he is trying to reinvent the violin for the next century.

Mark Wait, the dean of Vanderbilt University's Blair School of Music, thinks he
may succeed. Wait first heard O'Connor at a Nashville bluegrass club, the
Station Inn, five years ago. "I thought, here is someone with a technique like
Heifetz, and who could improvise like I'd never heard any violinist improvise,"
recalls Wait, who proceeded to appoint O'Connor to the Blair faculty, making the
self-taught fiddler the first teacher at the school who didn't have classical
training.

"Mark's style is of course informed by the music he studied and absorbed as he
grew up," Wait says, referring to O'Connor's teenage years as an old-time-fiddle
prodigy in Seattle. "It's a very fresh and invigorating style. And I think that
it brings a fascinating perspective to the classical world. . . . People often
use the tired term 'crossover' to describe Mark's artistry, but I think that
what we're seeing is the beginning of a new kind of music."

"My approach to playing is part of a lifelong experiment to create new forms of
music," says O'Connor, sitting in his publicist's living room. "And it's my
belief that you can really only come up with new music if you mix influences
together. My heroes did that. Take Johnny Gimble. To come up with Texas swing,
he fused hillbilly fiddling with the jazz violin playing of Joe Venuti. He put
the two together and got a new style of music."

A self-surpassing achiever, O'Connor, now 36, has blurred musical boundaries
throughout his career. Not long after he became the youngest person to win the
Grand Masters Fiddling Championship (age 13) and the National OldTime Fiddlers'
Contest (age 17), he joined a bluegrass-jazz quintet led by mandolinist David
Grisman. There, he quickly made a name for himself in new-acoustic music
circles, only to run off to play with the experimental jazz-rock band the Dixie
Dregs.

By the mid-'80s, O'Connor had moved to Nashville to pursue a career as a session
picker. Rather than copping the licks of the pros who preceded him, he fashioned
a country fiddle vernacular all his own. In the process, he earned eight
consecutive Academy of Country Music fiddler of the year titles, played on
nearly 500 albums and won a Grammy in 1992 for his album "New Nashville Cats."

Still, none of these things foretold the quantum leap in artistry he would make
after his early-'90s "retirement" from country session playing. His jaw-dropping
classical performances were one thing -- O'Connor had always played with humor,
warmth and virtuosity. His emergence as a composer of orchestral and chamber
works was something else altogether.

In 1993, O'Connor wrote "The Fiddle Concerto," a composition wedding classical
and folk-based idioms that he has performed in public 130 times, making it one
of the most-played violin concertos since the Second World War -- and he hasn't
even published the work yet.

O'Connor recorded "The Fiddle Concerto" for Warner Bros. Nashville in 1995. He
has since signed a multi-album deal with Sony Classical, the label that released
"Appalachia Waltz," his chart-topping collaboration with Yo-Yo Ma and bassist
Edgar Meyer. O'Connor's first release under his own name for the imprint, a solo
recital titled "Midnight on the Water," came out this week.

O'Connor views his evolution into a classical phenom as a natural outgrowth of
his hunger to expand his musical vocabulary. "After I recorded the 'New
Nashville Cats' album, I realized that I had made the best country instrumental
album I ever could," he explains. "I'd carried things as far as I could. I
didn't have anything else to offer.

"Plus," he adds, "there's no way I could have reached the heights I'm reaching
now in country music. Being a fiddler in the country music scene, you have to
take a back seat to all the singers. In classical music, they celebrate their
instrumentalists like they do in jazz."

O'Connor's move to the classical stage did more than afford him greater
visibility; it also enabled him to challenge prevailing assumptions about his
instrument. Perhaps most notably, it has seen him restore improvisation to the
lexicon of the classical violin.

"Mark is one of several musicians -- Edgar Meyer is another -- for whom
improvisation is a recaptured art," Wait explains. "Improvisation was a normal
part of one's musicianship until the early 1800s. So that Mozart and Beethoven,
for example, were superb improvisers. It's interesting that it has come back to
us through popular music."

"Improvisation was such a major part of my musical upbringing that it makes
sense for me to include it in whatever I do," O'Connor says. "It's hardest to do
in the classical setting because the parts are so orchestrated and written out.
. . . But I pick my places. The most obvious places on 'The Fiddle Concerto' are
the cadenzas, where there's just a violin by itself. There, after playing a
seven- or eight-minute section of composed music, the violinist gets to
improvise right onstage."

The fact that O'Connor composes makes him a rarity among contemporary classical
violinists. "I think the last well-known violinist who composed was Fritz
Kreisler" -- who died in 1962 -- "and that was at a time when there was a
growing division between the composer and the performer in classical music," he
says. "I'm not comfortable with being boxed in like that. I've never cared for
the status quo -- for what's safe or what's expected of you."

Indeed, whether in his impatience with genres he's mastered or in his former
habit of skateboarding on and off the stage, O'Connor has never been one to
conform to the expectations of others. Ultimately, he believes, that's what
gives his music its appeal; it's also something that he hopes will affect the
way violinists approach the instrument in the future.

"I'm interested in changing the sound of the violin for today, or maybe for the
next generation," he says. "Maybe 20 years from now there'll be more people who
play the violin that are like me. I've seen a bunch of them already -- the kind
who come out of music school and say, 'I play a little jazz, I play some
classical, and I dabble a little with country music. And I'm starting to
improvise and write some of my own things.'

"That was unheard of in violin 10 or 15 years ago. But now that more of that is
on the table, teachers might start telling their students at a younger age,
'Here's this latest Mark O'Connor album, "Midnight on the Water." He's writing
some of this stuff. You have a lot of talent and you're very creative. Maybe you
could come up with some good things for the violin.'

"Until recently," says O'Connor, "violin players weren't nurtured by their
teachers to think such a thing. I guess they thought, 'Why come up with anything
new when you have Bach or Mozart to practice?' "


NAME: MARK O'CONNOR

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, courtesy hans neleman;ph,,kristofferson, "I've never cared for
the status quo -- for what's safe or what's expected of you," says Mark
O'Connor, who performs with the NSO tomorrow and Saturday.  "My approach to
playing is part of a lifelong experiment to create new forms of music," says
Mark O'Connor, who has crossed over from country to classical.

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post

                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 23, 2002 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

PERFORMING ARTS

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 985 words


In the 1970s, when mainstream country music replaced fiddles with violins for a
lush "countrypolitan" sound, the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band stuck to its mandolins
and banjos, combining elements of bluegrass with traditional country, and along
the way scoring mainstream hits with Jerry Jeff Walker's "Mr. Bojangles" and the
classic 1972 album "Will the Circle Be Unbroken."

The most successful of the band's lineups recombined Sunday night at Wolf Trap,
bringing to the stage guitarists Jeff Hanna and Jimmy Ibbotson, percussionist
and harmonica player Jimmie Fadden, keyboard player Bob Carpenter and
multi-instrumentalist John McEuen. The show was crisp and clean, well paced and
nearly giddy, but most impressive was the remarkable, age-defying appearance of
the seasoned veterans who were celebrating "Circle's" 30th anniversary.

A jubilant spirit pervaded as the band members shared equal duty in tight
versions of "High Horse," "Grand Ole Opry Song," "Cosmic Cowboy, Pt. 1," "My
Walking Shoes (Don't Fit Me Anymore)" and a playful, double-time version of the
Beatles' "Get Back." The front-porch-jam vibe intensified when fiddle legend
Vassar Clements joined the band at the midpoint, offering brisk versions of
"Lonesome Fiddle Blues" and "Blues for Dixie" that were anything but blues. The
NGDB's continuing refusal to concede to commercial trends resulted Sunday night
in music that was authentic Americana; some of the songs, such as the Hank
Williams hit "Lost Highway," are nearly half a century old but sounded better
than ever.

-- Buzz McClain

The Domino Kings made their Washington area debut Sunday night at Iota and
demonstrated why there is such a buzz about this Missouri outfit in honky-tonk
circles. After original bassist/songwriter Brian Capps departed the band
following the release of the fine "Life & 20" disc two years ago, the trio
became a quartet and veered from stripped-down Sun Records-like rockabilly to a
fuller, but no less impressive, neo-traditional honky-tonk sound.

Lead singer and electric guitarist Steve Newman, burly and broad-shouldered in a
sleeveless T-shirt, makes singing and plucking at the same time look easy; he
hit his stride on the opening number, a twanged-up version of Faron Young's
"Wine Me Up," and never looked back. Newman's look-alike cousin Jim Ginnings,
who replaced Capps in the songwriting chores, contributed a rollicking rhythm
guitar throughout, and bassist Bert Parnell provided a welcome dose of subtlety.
Drummer Les Gallier sang his own composition "Show Me," which sounded as if it
had dropped out of Jerry Lee Lewis's songbook.

When Newman announced, "Here's an old country song we just started writing," he
wasn't kidding. The Bakersfield sound is alive and well in Missouri.

Slewfoot label mates Porter Hall, TN polished off an opening set of homespun
harmonizing with a heartfelt singalong version of "Will the Circle Be Unbroken,"
followed by an unsettling murder song. The group, made up of Molly Conley and
Gary Roadarmel, both of whom started in punk bands in Frederick, Md., before
discovering mountain music in Murfreesboro, Tenn., perform retro country with a
subversive sensibility.

-- Buzz McClain

Vines frontman Craig Nicholls is a control freak posing as a wild man. Sunday
night at the 9:30 club, Nicholls threw himself and his guitar about the stage as
he howled such songs as "Highly Evolved," the title track of the Australian
band's debut album. If this performance was intended to evoke the madder moments
of Iggy Pop and Kurt Cobain, Nicholls never seemed truly unhinged.

The vigorous yet calculated performance shouldn't have come as a surprise: The
Vines aren't just any old gang of bash-it-out retro-rockers. The group relocated
to L.A. from Sydney to spend six months making "Highly Evolved," which may be
the most expensive garage-rock album ever recorded. Such punky but eminently
musical songs as "Factory" and "In the Jungle" have made a quick impact; the
9:30 club was nearly sold out just five days after the album's release.

The Vines are officially a quartet, but second guitarist Ryan Griffiths was
onstage for only about half the set and didn't have a large role when he was
there. Nicholls played the crucial guitar parts, rendering them accurately even
when he was rolling on the floor. Unfortunately, he had less control over the
vocal melodies, which largely dissolved into not-quite-primal screams. Still,
the ambitious singer-guitarist made his point. He can save tunefulness for the
Vines' next tour -- by which time they might very well be accompanied by a
symphony orchestra.

-- Mark Jenkins

German harpsichordist Hans-Juergen Schnoor gave a stunning account of Bach's
monumental "Goldberg Variations" at St. Mark's Episcopal Church on Sunday. The
heavily attended concert -- Schnoor's 98th performance of the variations -- was
the second installment of the Capitol Hill Chamber Music Festival, which
concludes next Sunday. Contrary to popular myth, Bach never intended the piece
as a bedtime palliative for the insomniac baron who commissioned it. Bach simply
presented an autographed first-edition copy to his patron, whose house
harpsichordist, Johann Gottlieb Goldberg, supposedly performed the music nightly
to lull his master to sleep.

Bach's 30 variations, linked by the bass theme of an opening aria, unwind in a
chain of almost unimaginable complexity and brutal technical challenges. Schnoor
met all of that head-on with finely articulated flights. His deliberate approach
was tempered by an expressive freedom illuminating the music's subjective
beauty. Schnoor paid full attention to Bach's driving rhythmic impulse, the
anchor for his inscrutable architectural logic. As Schnoor hurtled through
Bach's contrapuntal labyrinth, the harpsichordist absorbed the audience in the
rising emotional tension, culminating in a final burst of keyboard fireworks.

-- Cecelia Porter

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post

                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                THE BRISTOL POST

                                 August 4, 1999

Fiddler on the hoof

SECTION: News, Pg.30

LENGTH: 95 words


ONE of the world's finest fiddle players is flying into Bristol for an Irish
music festival.

Kevin Burke, a star with the Bothy Band in the 1970s, will be holding workshops
and headlining a concert.

Now based in Oregon in the US, Kevin has been touring all over the world. He
will be joined on stage at Barrow Gurney Village Hall on September 4 by Bodhran
champion Ciaran Boyle.

His workshops are on the weekend of September 4 to 5, with beginners,
intermediate and advanced classes. For details call Gill or Chris at Bristol
Fiddles, 0117 9783877.


LOAD-DATE: August 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 1999 Bristol United Press

                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Manningham Leader (Australia)

                                January 9, 2008
                                  1 - Edition

Brothers in arms

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 273  words


AFTER a lifetime of finetuning, the musical spotlight is starting to hover over
Doncaster East brothers Lachlan and Hamish Davidson.

The grassroots performers will launch a new self-titled album on Friday as the
Davidson Brothers attempt to build on a successful past two years.

They only recently returned to Australia after seven weeks in Nashville,
Tennessee, where they recorded their new album with Mark Thornton in Madison, a
Nashville suburb.

Lachlan, 23, plays fiddle and mandolin and Hamish, 24, plays banjo and fiddle.

Having both played fiddle from the age of seven and performed at festivals since
they were 14, the duo is briskly transforming a lifelong passion into a
successful career.

They released the album Raised on the Road in 2006, which won two gongs at the
2007 Tamworth Independent Artist Recognition Awards.

``We did quite a lot of touring after that album and played in most states of
Australia and the feedback was very good,'' Lachlan said.

So good that a record company knocked on their door.

``Shock records offered to distribute and press our new one because of the
success of the last one,'' Lachlan said.

``We are looking forward to the experience of getting it out there.''

The album, which was made in collaboration with Brisbane artists Peter Cooper
(guitarist) and Andy Toombs (bass), will be launched at the St Kilda Bowls Club,
66 Fitzroy St, St Kilda on Friday at 8.30pm.

``It's an exciting time,'' Lachlan said.

``We've just done our first film clip, which will be on the Country Music
Channel on Foxtel.'' The group will also be performing at the Tamworth Country
Music Festival, which runs from January 18-27.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers

JOURNAL-CODE: DTV


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

THE LIST: Amit Peled at NDMOA ... North Country Fiddle and Dance ... Co-Lab at
The Guild

BYLINE: Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 1195 words


Feb. 26--'Jack Frost'

Today at East Grand Forks Campbell Library: "Jack Frost," an art exhibit
featuring work by East Grand Forks Senior High School students, is on display at
the East Grand Forks Campbell Library. The exhibit will be available to view
during library hours. For more info: library.egf.mn.

Toddler Art Class

Today at The Ember: From 3:30 to 4:30 p.m. today, kids ages 2 to 4 are invited
to The Ember for an art class. The cost is $7 per kid; pre-registration is
required. For more info: courtejacob@gmail.com

Community theater auditions

Today at Northland Community and Technical College, Thief River Falls: The Thief
River Falls Area Community Theater will be hosting auditions from 4 to 6 p.m.
today for three upcoming shows, "Into the Woods," "Over the River and Through
the Woods" and the Hometown Talent Show. The auditions will be held in the
theater on the Northland Community and Technical College campus in Thief River
Falls. For more info: trfact.org.

Randy McAllister

Today at Empire Arts Center: Randy McAllister, a singer-songwriter from Texas,
will perform at 7:30 tonight at the Empire Arts Center. Tickets are $25. For
more info: randymcallister.com.

The Band Perry

Today at Shooting Star: Country trio The Band Perry will perform at 8 tonight at
the Shooting Star Casino, Hotel and Event Center in Mahnomen, Minn. For more
info: starcasino.com.

Saturdays with Sue

Saturday at The Ember: Artist Sue Burke will create an entire painting from 10
a.m. to noon Saturday at The Ember. For more info: facebook.com/TheEmber.

Family Day at the Museum

Saturday at North Dakota Museum of Art: Artist Guillermo Guardia will
demonstrate how to make different kinds of art with clay as part of this month's
Family Day at the Museum. The event will take place from 10 a.m. to noon at the
North Dakota Museum of Art. Admission is free. For more info: ndmoa.com.

North Country Fiddle and Dance

Saturday at East Grand Forks Eagles Club: North Country Fiddle and Dance is
hosting a community dance from 7:30 to 10 p.m. Saturday at the East Grand Forks
Eagles Club. Freewill donations will be accepted at the door. For more info:
oneil@rrv.net

Spokenword/Poetry Open Mic Saturday at The Guild:

Olorun-Asa is hosting a Spokenword/Poetry Open Mic night at 8 p.m. Saturday at
The Guild. Admission is $5 for non-performers and $2 for performers. For more
info: olorun-asa.com.

Irene Bertils Retrospective Exhibit Through Sunday at Riverwalk Artists Gallery:

The Northwest Minnesota Arts Council is featuring a retrospective exhibit of
works by Irene Bertils of Crookston through Sunday at the council's Riverwalk
Artists Gallery, 211 DeMers Ave., East Grand Forks. Gallery hours are 2 to 8
p.m. Wednesday through Saturday and 2 to 5 p.m. Sunday. For more info:
northwestminnesotaartscouncil.org.

Amit Peled

Sunday at North Dakota Museum of Art: The North Dakota Museum of Art's Concerts
in the Galleries season continues with a performance by Israeli cellist Amit
Peled at 2 p.m. Sunday. Tickets are $20 for nonmembers, $18 for members and $10
for students and military. Children 12 and under are admitted for free. For more
info: ndmoa.com.

'Flashdance: The Musical'

Sunday at Chester Fritz Auditorium: "Flashdance: The Musical" will hit the stage
at 7:30 p.m. Sunday at the Chester Fritz Auditorium. Tickets are $35 to $55 for
adults and $25 to $44 for students. For more info:
und.edu/chester-fritz-auditorium.

Native Artist Professional Development Training

Monday and Tuesday at UND American Indian Student Services: The First Peoples
Fund is offering training sessions for Native American artists to find out how
to price their art, market their art, create a portfolio and budget their
business. The sessions run from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday and Tuesday at the
American Indian Student Services office on the UND campus. For more info: (701)
777-6985.

Ron Woolever Photography Exhibit Wednesday through April 10 at Riverwalk Artists
Gallery:

The Northwest Minnesota Arts Council is featuring an exhibit of photography by
Ron Woolever Wednesday through April 10 at the council's Riverwalk Artists
Gallery, 211 DeMers Ave., East Grand Forks. Gallery hours are 2 to 8 p.m.
Wednesday through Saturday and 2 to 5 p.m. Sunday. For more info:
northwestminnesotaartscouncil.org.

Co-Lab Thursday at The Guild:

The Guild is hosting its first Co-Lab series event, with musician Cierra Sonder
singing original music while artist Darin Drummer paints. The event runs from 6
to 8 p.m. Thursday at The Guild. Admission is $5. For more info:
facebook.com/TheGuildND.

'The Addams Family'

Thursday through March 5 at Grand Forks Central High School: Grand Forks Central
High School's Department of Fine Arts is putting on a production of "The Addams
Family," which centers on a grown-up Wednesday Addams falling in love with a
sweet, smart young man from a respectable family--and it's time to meet the
parents. Performances are at 7 p.m. Thursday through March 5 in the school's
auditorium. Tickets are $10 for adults and $6 for students and seniors. For more
info: (701) 746-2411.

'Kim Fink: Changing Nature'

Through March 4 at North Dakota Museum of Art: "Kim Fink: Changing Nature," an
exhibit featuring works from the soon-to-retire UND professor of art and
printmaking, will run through March 4 at the North Dakota Museum of Art, located
on Centennial Drive on the UND campus. Gallery hours are 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
weekdays and 1 to 5 p.m. Saturdays and Sundays. For more info: ndmoa.com.

'Songs for Spirit Lake Part II'

Through March 4 at North Dakota Museum of Art: Through a partnership with
Cankdeska Cikana Community College in Fort Totten, the North Dakota Museum of
Art opened "Songs for Spirit Lake" in 2014. The first in a series of follow-up
exhibits, featuring works by original artists Rena Effendi, Bill Harbort, John
Hitchcock, Terry Jelsing, Mary Lucier and Tim Schouten, will run through March 4
at the museum, located on Centennial Drive on the UND campus. Gallery hours are
9 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays and 1 to 5 p.m. Saturdays and Sundays. For more info:
ndmoa.com.

'UND in Grand Forks'

Through March 31 at Empire Arts Center: UND Art Collections is featuring its
latest exhibit, "UND in Grand Forks: Emergence of an Artful Relationship," at
the Empire Arts Center. The exhibit runs through March 31. Admission is free.
Gallery hours are noon to 5 p.m. Monday and Wednesday and 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Tuesday and Thursday. For more info: und.edu/art-collections.

'Ghosts'

Through March 31 at 42nd Street and 17th Avenue: "Ghosts," a large-scale
temporary art installation, will be available for public viewing through March
31 along 42nd Street, immediately south of the 17th Avenue intersection. The
project was facilitated by the Public Arts Commission. For more info:
publicartnd.org.

The List compiles arts and entertainment events going on in the area throughout
the next week. If you have an event to include, send an email to
accent@gfherald.com no later than 5 p.m. the Monday before it should appear in
The List.

___ (c)2016 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160226-GF-THE-LIST-Amit-Peled-at-NDMOA-North-Country-Fiddle
-and-Dance-Co-Lab-at-The-Guild-0226-20160226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2016 Grand Forks Herald

                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                             May 19, 2012 Saturday

A far-away fiddle heard in Gettysburg

BYLINE: By HEATHER FAULHEFER The Evening Sun

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 849 words


Justin Hoffenberg's fingers moved assuredly along the neck of his fiddle, his
bow making notes ring sharp and true into the microphone and through the
speakers to the crowd.

The band, Long Road Home, was playing songs about rambling, and all that the
winding roads and twists and turns of travel can bring across your path.

And maybe no one knows this better than Hoffenberg.

When the band's performance on Friday is over, he sits on the bench of a shady
picnic table. The same hands that moved confidently along the fiddle are now
still and folded.

And the fiddle is resting too, laying in front of Hoffenberg as the sun peaks
through the trees to make its maple and spruce wood gleam.

The path that brought Hoffenberg to this fiddle was a winding one, full of
twists and turns, of miles and time and more than a little faith in the unseen.

It began in Italy.

In a tiny northern town of Cremona, a place that Hoffenberg traveled to in 2007
when he visited a friend.

The town is known for its luthiers, instrument builders like Antonio Stradivari,
and now about 300 violin builders within its boundaries.

Hoffenberg started visiting these artisans just out of his own interest in the
fiddle. He's been playing professionally since he was 14 years old, and caught
the bluegrass bug after he went to the RockyGrass Bluegrass Academy, a music
camp for youth.

One of the musicians there, Jason Carter, of the Del McCoury Band, took him
under his wing, bringing him along to jams, introducing him to other musicians
and allowing him to sit on the side of the stage as the band began its show.

It didn't hit Hoffenberg who these guys were until he watched them play and saw
how the crowd cheered.

"I thought, Oh, these guys are famous,'" Hoffenberg says, laughing. "I didn't
know you could do this for a living when I was 11 years old. But I was done. I
thought, 'This is what I want.'"

It just clicked.

And he felt a similar sensation in those tiny shops of northern Italy.

"I wasn't in the market for a fiddle," he said, his fingers absently grazing the
instruments neck. "I was perfectly happy with what I had. It just happened."

He found himself traveling to more and more luthiers in Cremona during those
three or four days, probably hitting between 40 and 50 shops, he said.

And at the end of each day, about six fiddles from different places would lay on
his bed. He'd play each one, pick a favorite and hang on to it. And he'd do it
all again the next day, until he narrowed it down to six favorites, then one.

But that one still wasn't the one he took home. Instead, Hoffenberg commissioned
its builder, Vittorio Villa, to custom make another one, similar to the model he
found.

One made of maple and spruce wood that dates back to the late 1600s to early
1700s.

The Italian craftsmen keep that kind of wood preserved in vaults.

One maker suggested that the 24-year-old from Boulder, Colo., go with a newer
instrument, made from new material.

"He said, 'You're young. You should buy new and grow old with it,'" Hoffenberg
recalled. "But there's something about old instruments that new ones don't have.
They have history."

So he waited for his new old fiddle back in America, corresponding through email
and through a language barrier with Villa, ironing out all the particulars.

And he went back to Italy, both anxious and terrified to see the results.
There's some pressure when you're traveling across an ocean to buy an
instrument, he said - you want so badly to like it, even though instruments
sound stiff when they're first played.

At first sight, he appreciated its beauty - the rosewood pieces, the dark
caramel colors of the maple and spruce.

And when his fingers played over the fiddle and a bow ran across its strings,
Hoffenberg felt its real potential.

He brought the fiddle on the long journey home.

And their early years together weren't easy - the variable humidity of Boulder
was hard on the old wood of the fiddle.

Everything came apart. Literally. But with time, little fixes and adjustments,
it came back together.

"It still keeps changing," Hoffenberg says. "But it keeps getting better and
better."

A fiddle like this could last him a lifetime if he's careful with it. And he is,
to a point. But this is a functional work of art.

"It's delicate, but it's a tool," Hoffenberg said. "You take care of it, but you
get knocks in it."

There's an old scratch that blends in to the fiddle, and another still white in
its newness.

And there's one flaw that happens to be Hoffenberg's favorite part of the fiddle
.

If you look closely at the grains of wood, you'll see a tiny half-circle of dark
lines.

Villa must have had something dark on his hands as he made the fiddle, and his
fingertip left an imprint that stayed on the instrument.

"He was very unhappy with it, but I loved it," Hoffenberg said. "It's a human
touch."

A symbol of where it was. And how far it has been.

TODAY'S SCHEDULE

Main stage

10:00 - Dry Branch Fire Squad

11:10 - The HillBenders

12:20 - Della Mae

1:30 - The Seldom Scene (75 Minute Set)

2:55 - The Roys

4:05 - Danny Paisley & the Southern Grass

5:15 - Thank you and farewell until August 16-19, 2012

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Justin Hoffenberg, a 24-year-old from Boulder, Colorado and the fiddler
for Long Road Home, went to great lengths to create his dream fiddle, a
custom-made instrument from Italy. The fiddle was made in the northern Italian
town of Cremona by an artisan named Vittorio Villa.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             August 16, 2013 Friday

Distillery clears another hurdle in Lake Zurich

BYLINE: By Bob Susnjara bsusnjara@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 436 words


Partners in a craft distillery proposed for Lake Zurich continue to navigate
government red tape in an effort to open the business.

Architect Jose Hernandez and golf professional Fred Robinson, both of Hawthorn
Woods, intend to open Copper Fiddle Distillery in a 2,100-square-foot storefront
on Route 22, just east of Rand Road. Copper Fiddle likely is on pace to be the
11th or so small-scale distillery in Illinois, Hernandez said.

Lake Zurich village board trustees granted final approval for the project early
this year. However, that was just the start of what Copper Fiddle must
accomplish to open.

It recently cleared its first hurdle with the U.S. Treasury Department's Alcohol
and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau. Federal officials have granted a permit for a
distilled spirits plant for beverages that would allow the business to launch.

Hernandez said Copper Fiddle is preparing to proceed through the federal
agency's labeling and advertising of distilled spirits process. Images of their
product labels must be submitted for approval.

"This is a long process, let me tell you," he said Thursday.

Mandatory labeling requirements include proof and percentage of alcohol by
volume. Label prohibitions include statements that disparages a competitor's
product.

If federal officials green-light the labels, the business would seek to obtain
an Illinois craft distillery license. State law limits the production of
distilled spirits to 15,000 gallons per year, and only what is produced on site
can be sold there.

Provided the state approval is granted, the last stop for Copper Fiddle would be
to gain Lake Zurich village board permission for a liquor license. Hernandez
said it's hoped Copper Fiddle opens by year's end.

He said the business has changed the types of spirits it plans to offer on a
regular basis. Plans now call for a young, barrel-aged whiskey, clear regular
gin and barrel-aged gin, which Hernandez said has strawlike coloring.

"What a barrel gin is, is what gin used to be in the 1800s," he said.

They intend to have limited releases of bourbon, rye and limoncello, a lemon
liqueur rooted in Amalfi, Italy.

Robinson, Hernandez, the men's wives and some part-time employees are projected
to be the workforce at Copper Fiddle when it opens. Copper Fiddle would join
North Shore Distillery on North Herky Drive near Lake Bluff as the second such
operation in Lake County.

Hernandez said the Copper Fiddle storefront would host tastings and sell a
limited amount of merchandise. He said the spirits initially would be
distributed to bars, restaurants and liquor stores in the Lake Zurich and
Barrington areas.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           January 22, 2009 Thursday

Northern Roots Fest returns Jan. 31

BYLINE: Entertainment

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 565 words


BRATTLEBORO -- On Saturday, Jan. 31, the Brattleboro Music Center's second
annual Northern Roots Traditional Music Festival will bring together local and
regional musicians representing the best of various northern musical traditions
including Irish, Scottish, English and French-Canadian.

The festival concludes with a concert from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m., at the New England
Youth Theatre, 100 Flat St.

Among the musicians involved are Keith Murphy and Becky Tracy -- two-thirds of
the trio Nightingale -- who have been prominent players in the New England
traditional music scene for more than 15 years. For the past two years, they
have been collaborating with the Brattleboro Music Center to produce the
Northern Roots Festival.

The Northern Roots Festival begins with a day of participation workshops,
mini-concerts and sessions, followed by an evening performance.

Musicians participating in daytime workshops, session and mini-concerts include
Keith Murphy (guitar and song), Becky Tracy (fiddle), George Wilson (fiddle),
Anadama (Bethany Waickman/guitar, Amelia Mason/ fiddle, Emily Troll/accordion),
Matt and Shannon Heaton (guitar and flutes), Tony Barrand (song), Lissa
Schneckenburger (fiddle and song), Corey DiMario (guitar and bass), Mary Cay
Brass (piano accordion and piano), Naomi Morse, Andy Davis (piano accordion and
piano), Dan Gurney (accordion) and Colin Lindsay (fiddle).

Sessions will also be led by Roger Kahle (guitar), Ross Kahle (bodhran,
whistles), Doug Creighton (button accordion), Jake Grieco (Irish flute) and
Randy Miller (fiddle). The evening performance will feature George Wilson,
Anadama, Lissa Schneckenburger and Corey DiMario, Tony Barrand, Matt and Shannon
Heaton, with special guests.

All daytime events and the evening performance take place at New England Youth
Theatre, except for four daytime sessions to be held at McNeill's Brewery. The
complete festival schedule and directions are available at www.bmcvt.org .

Tickets for the Northern Roots Festival (combination day/evening $25, daytime
only $15, evening only $18; youth combination day/evening $10) are available at
the Brattleboro Music Center, 802-257-4523, or at brattleborotix.com. Advance
ticket purchase is recommended. Proceeds benefit BMC programs.

BMC offers classes for all ages

BRATTLEBORO -- A new semester is beginning at the Brattleboro Music Center Music
School and with it comes many opportunities for students of all ages and
abilities to play, sing, listen, learn and enjoy making music together.

Founded in 1976, the Music School now has more than 400 students, 30 faculty
members and music instruction in 15 instruments and voice, the Music School
continues to be at the heart of music in our community.

The Music School's programs include individual lessons, classes, ensembles and
student orchestras. Among the classes being offered for adults this semester are
Celtic Session Fiddling Workshop, Celtic Music Session, Solfege Sight-Singing
and Awareness through Movement for Musicians.

Classes for youth include Annie Frelich's Movin' Into Music and the new Little
Strummers Ukelele Club, Music Makers for grades K-3, Solfege for Jr. High and
High School students and the Music Adventure Program for children with
disabilities.

The BMC has scholarship assistance available.

For a full description of programs, visit www.bmcvt.org or call the Brattleboro
Music Center at 802-257-4523.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Weiser Signal American (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 1, 2015

Price repeats as national fiddle champion;
Champion says he comes to Weiser to make good music

BYLINE: Weiser Signal American staff

LENGTH: 719  words


Portland, Ore., fiddler Luke Price claimed the title of National Grand Champion
for the second year in a row Saturday night at the National Old time Fiddlers'
Contest in Weiser.

Price defended his title against a host of talented fiddlers, including Tristan
Clarridge, who placed second and has five national titles to his credit. The top
five fiddlers going into the final round also included 2013 national champion
Katrina Nicolayeff, who took third place, and Tashina Clarridge, also a former
national champion, who placed in the fifth spot.

A crowd estimated at close to 900 people, based on ticket sales, attended the
final night of competition in the Weiser High School gym. It was a late night
for the fiddlers on the last day of a busy week at the NOTFC.

The awards in a number of final categories were handed out about 10:30 p.m. Many
fans of fiddling stuck around to see who the 2015 National Grand Champion would
be.

For his efforts, Price took home a trophy and $1,500. In the National Grand
Champion division, the top eight finishers received a paycheck. In all, the
prize money for the division totaled $5,850. The NOTFC might not be the most
lucrative fiddle contest, but fiddlers say it is certainly the most prestigious.

The 29-year-old Price said he tries to have fun and play some great music on
stage. Offstage, his composure is laid-back and friendly. He's been playing the
fiddle for 23 years and coming to Weiser for 20 years. For the most part it's a
friendly competition in Weiser, he said. Many multi-talented top fiddlers like
Price and Clarridge pick up a guitar and accompany each other during the
contest.

"We're here to make really good music. That's what it's all about," Price said.

In the final round, Price played a hoedown, waltz and a tune of his choice. The
goal at this level of competition is a flawless performance of the three songs
within the time limit. His selections included "Dough in the Fryer," "Virginia
Moonlight" and "Red's Rag."

The finals for fiddling's top prize in Weiser were judged by five accomplished
peers of the contestants. The format was "blind judging," which means the judges
were sequestered in one room listening live with headphones, but were unable to
see the fiddlers.

Price said playing the NOTFC in Weiser is a reunion of sorts for the year with
the fiddling community. When he is not competing, he teaches music in Portland
and also tours with a band called Dean! The music the band plays was described
by Price as soul-pop.

Fourth-place National Grand Champion division finisher Jesse Maw, 23, from
Kalispell, Mont., said he was happy to finish in the top eight at the NOTFC. He
has not been able to win the big and elusive prize yet, a national championship.

He said he doesn't play the competition fiddle style every day, and so he has to
go back and practice it months before the NOTFC.

"The quality was so high. I don't know how you judge it," he said of this year's
finalists for the national championship.

In a moment of levity, while the judges were tabulating the scores, Price was
also singled out by the emcee as having the best-looking hair in Weiser.

In other news on the final night of the NOTFC, Matthew Hartz, a former national
champion fiddler, was given the accompanist award on Saturday night. He made the
most appearances on stage during the week backing up fiddlers.

This year's NOTFC was broadcast live over the Internet by Concert Window, a
pay-per-view service. There were people streaming the event in Idaho, Kona,
Hawaii, the Cayman Islands and other places. At any given time, there were 40 to
150 viewers online watching the contest, officials said.

Both contestants and spectators came from all over for this year's National
Oldtime Fiddlers' Contest, including one vehicle spotted with New Jersey license
plates. There were about 250 contestants entered in the 10 contest fiddling
divisions.

Flags were placed around town signifying the states that were represented. Most
fiddlers stayed in Stick-erville or Fiddletown, just a short walk away from the
competition venue at the high school.

The heatwave that arrived in Weiser on Friday made camping uncomfortable. The
daytime high temperatures were above 100 degrees on Friday and Saturday. It
didn't cool off at night, either, with temperatures only dipping to about 70
degrees.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEI

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 Weiser Signal American

                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              June 2, 2013, Sunday

Vandalia Gathering winners announced;
Some musicians also will participate in state birthday celebration June 22

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P6B

LENGTH: 565 words


West Virginia's champion old-time fiddle and banjo, bluegrass banjo, lap
dulcimer, flatpick guitar and mandolin players competed for top honors May 25
during the West Virginia Division of Culture and History's 37th annual Vandalia
Gathering. The winners were:

Youth Old-Time Fiddle (age 15 and under):

First place - Walter King, Elkins

Second place - Lydia Hager, Kenna

Third place - Chloe Sergent, Milton

Old-Time Fiddle (age 59 and under):

First - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

Second - Jason Chewning, Beverly

Third - Walter King, Elkins

Fourth - Cody Jordan, Point Pleasant

Fifth - Robbie Mann, Glenville

Senior Old-Time Fiddle (age 60 and over):

First - Elmer Rich, Morgantown

Second - Jim Mullins, St. Albans

Third - Terry Vaughan, Cross Lanes

Fourth - John Morris, Ivydale

Fifth - Richard Eddy, Maidsville

Mandolin (all ages):

First - David Watson Jr., West Union

Second - Dan Kessinger, St. Marys

Third - Karl Smakula, Montrose

Fourth - Robin Kessinger, St. Albans

Fifth - Ben Perdue, Morgantown

Bluegrass Banjo (all ages):

First - Logan Browning, St. Albans

Second - Marteka Lake, Hacker Valley

Third - Karl Smakula, Montrose

Fourth - Robert Russell, Tallmansville

Fifth - Blaine Johnson, Beaver

Lap Dulcimer (all ages):

First - Martha Turley, Ona

Second - Will Manahan, Elkview

Third - Ezra Drumheller, Prosperity

Fourth - Ryan Davis, Beckley

Fifth - Morgan Sprad ling, Beckley

Old-Time Banjo (59 and under):

First - Tim Bing, Huntington

Second - Logan Hoy, Belle

Third - Dennis Ott, Ronceverte

Fourth - Chad Ashworth, St. Albans

Fifth - James Blankenship, Sand Fork

Senior Old-Time Banjo (age 60 and over):

First - Jim Mullins, St. Albans

Second - Paul Gartner, Yawkey

Third - Ken Sheller, Elkins

Fourth - John Morris, Ivydale

Youth Flatpick Guitar (age 15 and under):

First - Bryant Underwood, Charleston

Second - Isaac Putnam, Looneyville

Third - Claire Walker, Charleston

Flatpick Guitar (all ages):

First - Adam Hager, Kenna

Second - Jamie Rhodes, Culloden

Third - Matt Lindsey, Dunbar

Fourth - Doug Workman, St. Albans

Fifth - Jarrod Saul, Sumerco

Vandalia Gathering will be featured June 22 during West Virginia's 150th
birthday celebration at the state Capitol. Food and craft vendors will be
plentiful on the Capitol grounds. Concerts will feature some of the winners in
mandolin, bluegrass and old-time banjo, flatpick guitar, lap dulcimer and
old-time fiddle contests, and gospel singing will take place throughout the day.
Competitions will be held for the best pound cake, cupcake and maple cookie, as
well as the annual Liars Contest. An outdoor dance stage will present heritage
and ethnic dancing, traditional square dancing and flatfoot and clogging
opportunities, with bands and callers on hand. The Old-Time-for-Young-'Uns area
will provide a 4-H campfire experience for youth of all ages.

The annual Vandalia Gathering is a free celebration of the traditional arts,
music, dance, stories, crafts and foods of West Virginia. The Culture Center and
State Capitol Complex grounds play host to this expanding family-style gathering
each year on Memorial Day weekend. The statewide folk festival, named for the
proposed 14th colony, pays tribute to the state's ethnic heritage through a
variety of exhibitions and programs.

Vandalia Gathering is a program of the West Virginia Division of Culture and
History. For information, contact Caryn Gresham, deputy commissioner and
communications manager for the Division, at 304-558-0220.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers

                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            September 7, 2009 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Jerry Holland;
Canadian fiddle player who was a regular on television and an invaluable mentor
to a new generation of traditional Celtic musicians

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 718 words


Musicians dread hand injuries. Some are heavily insured against such
eventualities; others just have to cope with them. Jerry Holland was in the
latter category. Just weeks before he made his long-awaited debut at the annual
Celtic Connections festival in Glasgow in January this year, Holland, the doyen
of Cape Breton fiddling, lost the top of his left little finger when he jammed
it in a garage door.

With commendable understatement, he described this as "not the best
preparation". Despite the limitations imposed on his practising, however, he
played his Glasgow concert with all the vigour and skill expected. He brought
his signature sweetness of tone to a style of traditional music famed for its
ruggedness, having been preserved in Nova Scotia in the form it arrived in with
Scottish emigrants in the 18th and early 19th centuries.

Although not a Cape Breton native, having been born, in 1955, in Boston, Holland
was brought up surrounded by the music at which he would become so adept. His
father, Jerry Snr, also a fiddler, had left New Brunswick to find work in
Massachusetts, where he joined a large community of expatriates determined to
keep the music from home alive.

Jerry was only 5 when his father began showing him his first tune. Jerry Snr had
been over 50 when his son was born and had endless patience with his new
student. He needed it, Jerry recalled: "I remember it being really painstaking
and it must have been quite trying for him, but he showed me that first tune,
finger position by finger position, and he was very encouraging.

He'd be giving me all these instructions - keep your fiddle up, hold your bow
properly - and I'd just be hanging on, trying to take in everything he was
saying."

The lessons quickly proved effective.

Within a year Holland Jr was playing in public and had recorded his first
audition tape, on which the control and sweet intonation that would later become
his trademarks were already evident.

More than that, though, as is the Cape Breton way, he combined fiddling with the
step-dancing that he had already mastered and audiences would shower him with
coins. When he was not playing and dancing, Holland would be learning more tunes
and practising on his fiddle. His father had bought it in a Chinese laundry in
Boston, only to discover it was a rare instrument by an Austrian luthier and
worth rather more than the $50 he paid for it.

Holland Sr had a collection of 78rpm records by the great Irish fiddlers Michael
Coleman and James Morrison, to which his son would refer constantly, and there
would be more tunes and fiddle lore picked up on the family's annual summer
holidays in Cape Breton.

An accomplished guitarist, too, Holland seemed set for a career in music - and
he tasted the professional high life as well as the pressures when, as a member
of the Cape Breton Symphony fiddle group, he worked on CBC's John Allan Cameron
television series and was required to learn more than 1,000 tunes. However,
having witnessed first-hand the hardships musicians can face, he also trained as
a carpenter and managed to combine his two skills after he settled in Cape
Breton in 1976.

He made his first album, Jerry Holland, for Rounder Records the same year and
although he toured only occasionally - he was determined not to be the kind of
father who was always out on the road and missed his son growing up - his
reputation spread through a further dozen recordings and through word-of-mouth
reports from the concerts and dances he played locally as well as the many tunes
he composed.

As a flood of young musicians began taking up traditional music in the 1990s,
mirroring the trends in Scotland and Ireland, Holland became an invaluable
mentor and influence, encouraging his students to listen, not just to the latest
hot players but also the players who had influenced them. The rounder view that
resulted, he felt, made it more likely that they would "play with real heart and
soul and spread a little joy".

Holland himself spread more than a little joy through his music. He is survived
by his son, Jerry Jnr, and by many tunes, including the hugely popular Brenda
Stubbert's Reel, which will continue to be played everywhere that traditional
music thrives.

Jerry Holland, musician, was born on February 23, 1955. He died of cancer on
July 16, 2009, aged 54

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Holland performed regularly on the John Allan Cameron TV show for which
he learnt more than 1,000 tunes
CAROL KENNEDY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2009 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              June 2, 2008 Monday

Bulletin board

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 215 words


Harp & Fiddle Tournament
Harp & Fiddle Irish Pub is sponsoring the Amstel Light Cup golf tournament,
which will take place on a dozen Sundays beginning June 1 and ending Oct. 19.
Play will take place at Heritage Hills and the newly-renovated Springwood Golf
Club, alternating every other playing date, with teams of two. A variety of
prizes will be awarded, including a weekly $10,000 hole-in-one contest, and a
year-end tournament cup, which will be displayed at Harp & Fiddle. For
information, contact Tournament Director Duff Forsythe at 873-6112 or at
forsythemkt@comcast.net
3-ON-3 Basketball Tournament
The York Roundball 3-on-3 Basketball Tournament will be held on Saturday, June
21, at Memorial Park. Divisions for males and females range from 10-to-50. The
deadline to enter is Friday, June 13. For information, call York City Recreation
and Parks at 854-1587 or go to www.networkpromotions.net.


West York Coaches
West York Area School District has the following coaching vacancies: junior high
football cheerleading, junior high assistant wrestling coach, varsity head coach
girls' soccer, and assistant varsity track coach-throwing. Anyone interested
should send a resume with clearances to West York Area High School, Attention:
Roger Czerwinski, 1800 BannisterSt., York, Pa., 17404.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            August 16, 2014 Saturday

Tony Trischka Band with Hot Mustard at Next Stage

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 199 words


PUTNEY - Next Stage Arts Project and Twilight Music present International
Bluegrass Music Association Banjo Player of the Year Tony Trischka and his band,
plus and double banjo bluegrass quartet Hot Mustard at Next Stage on Friday,
Aug. 22 at 7:30 p.m. In a consistently adventurous musical career that spans
nearly half a century, Tony Trischka has established himself as one of America's
foremost visionaries of the five-string banjo and perhaps the most influential
banjo player in roots music.

Tony's band includes. Grant Gordy (guitar), who has played with David Grisman;
Mike Barnett (fiddle), recently of the Deadly Gentlemen; and sought-after
session musician and ensemble player, Ethan Jodziewicz (bass).

Jenny Brook Bluegrass Festival band competition winner Hot Mustard features
hard-driving double banjos, close harmonies and old-time fiddle tunes, all hot
and spicy. The Vermont/New Hampshire-based quartet includes Bruce Stockwell
(banjo, vocals), April Hobart (guitar, vocals), Bill Jubett (banjo, fiddle,
vocals) and Kelly Stockwell (acoustic bass). Bruce Stockwell is a member of
newgrass/folk trio The Stockwell Brothers, and the winner of the 2005 Merlefest
bluegrass banjo contest.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 5, 1996, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

O'CONNOR SOARS BEYOND MUSICAL CATEGORIES

BYLINE: Terry Perkins

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 6E

LENGTH: 524 words


MARK O'CONNOR AND VASSAR CLEMENTS

Sheldon Concert Hall, Friday, March 29

TWO DIFFERENT generations of fiddle players were on display at the Sheldon
Concert Hall last Friday evening. Mark O'Connor, the younger of the two
fiddlers, opened the show with a solo set, allowing one of his childhood musical
idols, Vassar Clements, to have the closing slot on the program.

Although it was a gracious gesture on the part of O'Connor, there's no doubt
that the jaw-dropping virtuosity he displayed during his opening set made
Clements' performance something of an afterthought. In fact, it's a good bet
that quite a few members of the audience only stuck around to the end of the
evening for the chance to hear O'Connor come back and perform with Clements.

Certainly that observation is no reflection on Clements' expertise on the
fiddle. After all, he's been playing music professionally since he joined the
legendary Bill Monroe's Bluegrass Boys in 1949. And his role in breaking down
the musical barriers between bluegrass, swing, rock and jazz has been
well-documented on recordings such as "Old and in the Way" and "Hillbilly Jazz."

It's just that O'Connor is one of that rare breed of artists whom critics can
tag with the label "genius" without fear of being contradicted. O'Connor
combines prodigious technique with an ability to create any sound - or
combination of musical styles - he wants. And he seemingly does it without
breaking a sweat.

During his opening set at the Sheldon, O'Connor performed excerpts from his
Fiddle Concerto, which he is scheduled to perform next year with the Saint Louis
Symphony; a number called "Appalachian Waltz," which he recently recorded in a
trio setting with world-renowned cellist Yo-Yo Ma; a medley of standards
dedicated to master jazz violinist Stephane Grappelli; and the first movement of
his new Fiddle Concerto. And that doesn't include O'Connor's sterling work on
acoustic guitar or his set-ending blend of improvisations and caprices on
violin.

You'll notice I called O'Connor's instrument a violin instead of a fiddle.
That's because after you hear him play it, it's hard to use the more 'down-home'
term for the instrument. O'Connor's music goes way beyond musical categories
such as bluegrass or classical, or even fusion styles like those he pioneered
with mandolinist Dave Grisman. Mark O'Connor plays music that it's hard to
imagine anyone else on the planet making. The standing ovation he received at
the end of his set was richly deserved.

As you might imagine, O'Connor was a tough act to follow. Clements and his
four-piece backing band made the attempt, but aside from some fine solo turns by
Clements, things never seemed to click. The backing musicians couldn't find a
consistent groove for most of the set, and it seemed as if Clements decided to
simply ride out the communication problems with the band, play a few hot licks
and try to get O'Connor back out on stage as soon as possible.

O'Connor did return to play a tune or two with Clements at the end, but the high
point of this show had clearly been reached earlier, during O'Connor's opening
set.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: REVIEW - MUSIC MARK O'CONNOR AND VASSAR CLEMENTS BLUEGRASS

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                           January 15, 2009 Thursday

BYLINE: Victoria Murchie

SECTION: FEATURES; GENERAL; Listings; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 235 words


The Wilders

YEEHAW! Grab your stetson and get ready for a night of country and rockabilly
fun with Missouri's The Wilders.

The string band from Kansas City will be delivering a blistering fiddle, banjo,
guitar, dobro and slap bass hoedown, playing music as infectious, fun-loving and
goodtime as you ever heard.

The group's tour is a triumphant return to Scotland following a successful run
at last year's Edinburgh Festival.

The Wilders are Ike Sheldon (lead vocals, guitar), Betse Ellis (fiddle, vocals),
Phil Wade (dobro, mandolin, banjo, vocals), and Nate Gawron (string bass,
vocals) and they write and perform original songs, classic honky tonk, old-time
country, and fiddle tunes with engaging energy and spirit.

Since forming in the early 1990s, they have gained critical acclaim and radio
airplay throughout the US and beyond, performing at festivals and concerts, on
radio, television and on independent film soundtracks.

In 2006, The Wilders were selected to perform at the Famous Spiegeltent at
Edinburgh Festival Fringe. Their show sold out and they were honoured for their
performance with a coveted Herald Angel Award.

The Wilders perform at the Lemon Tree, Aberdeen, on Sunday (tickets, £10 plus
booking fee from Aberdeen Box Office on 01224 641122 or
www.boxofficeaberdeen.com, doors open at 7pm) and at the Tin Hut at Gartly, near
Huntly, on Monday (tickets £7 from 01466 720247, doors open at 7.30pm).

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Wilders

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2009 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

On the fiddle in parliament;
TMS diary@thetimes.co.uk | @timesdiary

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 491 words


Wanted: two politicians on the fiddle. One on the viola as well. Thangam
Debbonaire, Labour MP for Bristol West, is trying to form a parliamentary string
quartet, an unplugged rival to the Westminster rock group MP4. "My ambition is
to play in that beautiful setting," she tells Classical Music magazine.
Debbonaire, right, is a professional cellist whose parents met at the Royal
Academy of Music. "I didn't realise for years that not every house had a piano,"
she says.

Who will join her group? Pat Glass, the shadow Europe minister, owns a violin
and says: "I have really good technique but not an ounce of talent." It's a pity
that Ed Balls is no longer there. He played the violin with some distinction
before taking up the piano (heading for grade 5). A Tory MP once joked that Ed
Miliband's shadow cabinet, which at the time included Liam Byrne, was like Rome
under Nero: "Balls fiddles while Byrne roams."

principle actor Sir Ben Kingsley sounds rather pious when asked by Reader's
Digest how he decides which films to be in.

"I'm guided by three principles," the saintly actor says. "Is it a story worth
telling? Will it be filmed in a way that's appropriate to the material? Is it
life-enhancing?" That probably explains why he did Iron Man 3. "Of course,
sometimes my accountant guides my choices," he adds.

Seen outside the door of Jeremy Corbyn's parliamentary office, a notice that
said: "Rubbish. Please can this be taken away?" A rather blunt assessment of the
unloved Labour leader from one of his backbenchers or a reference to the fan
that the note was attached to? how to win a beauty contest There was a good
turnout at the Old Bailey this week for the valedictory of Judge Charles Wide,
who is giving up the Bar to train for the priesthood. "The last time I got so
much attention was when I won the Dolcis shoes beautiful baby contest," he said.
"My grandfather was chairman of the company, so you could say it was a shoe-in."

The proposals on yesterday's front page for a European army are bothering Don
Read, a TMS reader. What happens if the EU eventually merges it with Nato? he
asks. Will they call the amalgamated defence force Euronate? nation under a
spell Google has created a fascinating graphic of America's top spelling
mistakes, looking at what people in each state type into its search engine. In
Oregon and Louisiana, for instance, most people are unable to spell
"definitely", while in Washington state they struggle with "pneumonia", probably
because of all the rain in Seattle. The most frequently corrected spellings are
"desert", "vacuum" and "cancelled". A sign of a nation that's pessimistic about
its next president? The Queen may only visit parliament annually but her
influence is felt around the year. A peer tells me that behind the Woolsack in
the House of Lords is a cupboard in which the domestic staff keep a Henry vacuum
cleaner. Above its trademark smiley face someone has drawn a crown.

patrick kidd

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

On the fiddle in parliament;
TMS diary@thetimes.co.uk | @timesdiary

BYLINE: PATRICK KIDD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 491 words


Wanted: two politicians on the fiddle. One on the viola as well. Thangam
Debbonaire, Labour MP for Bristol West, is trying to form a parliamentary string
quartet, an unplugged rival to the Westminster rock group MP4. "My ambition is
to play in that beautiful setting," she tells Classical Music magazine.
Debbonaire, right, is a professional cellist whose parents met at the Royal
Academy of Music. "I didn't realise for years that not every house had a piano,"
she says.

Who will join her group? Pat Glass, the shadow Europe minister, owns a violin
and says: "I have really good technique but not an ounce of talent." It's a pity
that Ed Balls is no longer there. He played the violin with some distinction
before taking up the piano (heading for grade 5). A Tory MP once joked that Ed
Miliband's shadow cabinet, which at the time included Liam Byrne, was like Rome
under Nero: "Balls fiddles while Byrne roams."

principle actor Sir Ben Kingsley sounds rather pious when asked by Reader's
Digest how he decides which films to be in.

"I'm guided by three principles," the saintly actor says. "Is it a story worth
telling? Will it be filmed in a way that's appropriate to the material? Is it
life-enhancing?" That probably explains why he did Iron Man 3. "Of course,
sometimes my accountant guides my choices," he adds.

Seen outside the door of Jeremy Corbyn's parliamentary office, a notice that
said: "Rubbish. Please can this be taken away?" A rather blunt assessment of the
unloved Labour leader from one of his backbenchers or a reference to the fan
that the note was attached to? how to win a beauty contest There was a good
turnout at the Old Bailey this week for the valedictory of Judge Charles Wide,
who is giving up the Bar to train for the priesthood. "The last time I got so
much attention was when I won the Dolcis shoes beautiful baby contest," he said.
"My grandfather was chairman of the company, so you could say it was a shoe-in."

The proposals on yesterday's front page for a European army are bothering Don
Read, a TMS reader. What happens if the EU eventually merges it with Nato? he
asks. Will they call the amalgamated defence force Euronate? nation under a
spell Google has created a fascinating graphic of America's top spelling
mistakes, looking at what people in each state type into its search engine. In
Oregon and Louisiana, for instance, most people are unable to spell
"definitely", while in Washington state they struggle with "pneumonia", probably
because of all the rain in Seattle. The most frequently corrected spellings are
"desert", "vacuum" and "cancelled". A sign of a nation that's pessimistic about
its next president? The Queen may only visit parliament annually but her
influence is felt around the year. A peer tells me that behind the Woolsack in
the House of Lords is a cupboard in which the domestic staff keep a Henry vacuum
cleaner. Above its trademark smiley face someone has drawn a crown.

patrick kidd

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 30, 2008 Friday

Dakota Zoo hosts jr. zookeeper camps

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 360 words


Tickets go on sale at 10 a.m. today for singer and songwriter Marc Cohn's
performance at the Belle Mehus Auditorium, Bismarck. The concert will be at 8
p.m. July 19. Doors open at 7 p.m. and all ages are welcome.

Tickets start at $29.50 for reserved seating only and are available at the
Bismarck Civic Center box office, all Ticketmaster outlets, online at
www.Ticketmaster.com or by phone at 222-2121.

For more information on Cohn, visit www.MarcCohn.net.

International Old-Time Fiddle Weekend will be held June 5-7 at International
Music Camp located at the International Peace Garden.

Fiddle, guitar, banjo and accordion workshops will be offered. Topics include
advanced, intermediate and beginning fiddle, guitar and accordion accompaniment,
and banjo finger-picking styles.

To register or to obtain a complete schedule of events or more information,
contact International Music Camp at 701-838-8472 or visit
www.internationalmusiccamp.com.

A.T. Packard, 1880s editor of "Bad Lands Cow Boy," will appear at Chateau de
Mores State Historic Site, Medora, the weekend of June 7-8. Portrayed by Donald
Ehli, A.T. Packard will discuss his life as editor of the newspaper from 1884 to
86.

The performances will be on the veranda of the Chateau at 10:30 a.m., 1:30 p.m.
and 3:30 p.m. MDT. The free performances are sponsored by the State Historical
Society of North Dakota.

For more information, contact Chateau de Mores State Historic Site at
701-623-4355, State Historical Society of North Dakota at 701-328-2666 or visit
the agency's Web site at www.nd.gov/hist.

Dakota Zoo will hold junior zookeeper camps in June and July.

The next two sessions will be held from 1 to 4 p.m. June 9-13 and June 23-27.
Junior zookeeper camp is designed to inform children ages 8-12 of basic animal
care and provide hands-on experience. Campers also will work on projects
throughout the zoo.

Campers must register and pay seven days prior to the camp session they wish to
attend. Space is limited to 25 participants per session. Cost is $60 for members
and $65 for non-members.

For more information, contact Barb Linke at Dakota Zoo at 223-7543 or e-mail
educate@dakotazoo.org. Weekend digest

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 25, 1995 Friday

LENGTH: 394 words


WASHBURN -- Music will sound through the trees at Cross Ranch State Park Sept.
2-3 for the fifth annual Missouri River Bluegrass and Old-Time Music Festival
featuring Jerusalem Ridge and the Cantrells. Jerusalem Ridge, of Edmonton,
Alberta, is considered one of Canada's finest bluegrass bands.

""These guys can play and sing with anyone,'' says John Andrus, festival
coordinator. ""We have been trying to get them to the festival since 1992.'' The
band's five members are bassist Keith Burgess, reigning Western Canadian
bluegrass banjo and flat picking champion Craig Korth, mandolinist Bill
Lopushinsky, guitarist Dave Wright, and fiddler Byron Myhre. Byron, son of
Western Canada's old-time fiddle legend Alfie Myhre and an award-winning
fiddler, is the most recent addition to the Jerusalem Ridge lineup. The band has
recorded four albums. The Cantrells, with Emily on guitar and Al on fiddle and
mandolin, divide their time between Nashville and Helena, Mont. They have
appeared on such National Public Radio programs as ""Mountain Stage,'' ""Riders
Radio Theater'' and ""Folk Sampler.'' They have two albums on the play list.
Also performing are Lonesome Pete and the Himalayan Mountain Boys from Manitoba,
Bismarck's Fiddlin' Johnny Show, the Pfliger Sisters, Center Community Band, and
the Bardens from Noonan, who will perform old-time music, hymns and western
music. A host of other events and attractions will accompany the festival,
including musical demonstrations of fiddle, guitar, banjo and mandolin on
Saturday morning. Kids will be offered special activities, games, contests and
movies Saturday and Sunday afternoons. Featured Saturday is trick roper Ryan
Taylor of Towner. Sunday's guest is Dick ""White Buffalo'' Morgan of Falkirk. He
will tell stories of the old west. Cost is $7 a day or $13 for a two-day pass.
Children under 13 are admitted free. Festival-goers are advised to bring along
blankets, lawn chairs, bug spray, sun screen, rain gear and a flashlight for
evening concerts. Overflow camping is available at the park. To access the new
paved road to the park, take I-94 west of Mandan to the Center exit, then go
north on Highway 25. Access roads from Highway 25 are signed. If traveling from
the north, turn south off Highway 200 just west of Hensler and follow the park
signs. For more information, call the park office at 794-3731.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1995 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                             March 7, 2013 Thursday

What's Happening in Oroville

BYLINE: Oroville Mercury-Register

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 1100 words


Rummage Sale March 8 and 9

A rummage sale will be held 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. at Wyandotte Grange, 4910 Foothill
Blvd. Call Bob for information, 589-3194.

22nd annual Ladies' Night Fashion Show Auction is March 8

Sigma Phi Gamma International Sorority will host this at the Lake Oroville Golf
and Event Center, Kelly Ridge, 5131 Royal Oaks Drive, Oroville. Complimentary
champagne and hors d'oeuvres from 6:30-7:30 p.m. and Fashion Auction with
casual, career and dressy fashions start at 7:30 p.m. Donation is $25; no credit
cards accepted at the auction. This is a 21+ event. Proceeds benefit high school
scholarships and other local sorority projects. Advance tickets only; available
at Fugate Insurance, Linda, 533-2860; or Crown Jewelry Co., Kim, 533-0153.

AmVets Post 1774 Oroville Fundraiser Breakfast March 9

A breakfast of pancakes, scrambled eggs, sausage, orange juice and coffee will
be served from 7-11 a.m. at Oroville Veterans Hall, 2374 Montgomery St.

Tickets are $5 and can be purchased at the door. Call Jim Bruce at 533-9049 for
information.

Italian Dinner and Auction March 9

The Stewardship Team will host their annual Italian Dinner and Auction 6 p.m. at
First United Methodist Church, 45 Acacia Ave.Tickets are $12. For reservations
and tickets call 533-5921. All proceeds will benefit adult and youth programs
open to the Oroville community and the Sierra Service Projects, a youth
community service project.

Oroville Eagles Youth Football and Cheer Sign Ups

Sign-ups will be from 2-5 p.m. March 10 at the Eagles Hall, corner of Myers and
Montgomery streets. For information, call Michelle Fong, 774-4599.

Oroville's Old Time Fiddlers County Gospel Jam is March 14

The jam will be 5:30-8 p.m. in the Oroville Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St.
Musicians from across California, here for the annual California State Open
Fiddle and Picking Championship contest (March 14-16), will participate. Local
acoustic music groups, church choirs and all gospel music makers from the Butte
County area and beyond are encouraged to register in advance; call Larry Jendro,
533-1413. Registered groups will be scheduled to perform three gospel numbers
between 5:30-7 p.m. From 7-8 p.m. individuals or groups may sign up on a
blackboard to perform one or two songs. The organization covers 10 districts and
extends from Redding to San Diego.

47th annual California State Old Time Fiddle Association Open Fiddle and Picking
Championship March 15-16

The event starts at 3 p.m. Friday with an opening ceremony, followed by
competition in the Fiddle Division: Senior-senior (70 and older); Senior
(60-69). Awards at 5:50 p.m. The Saturday schedule is: 7:30 a.m. registration; 8
a.m. competition for Fiddle Divisions; Young adults (18-36), Junior (13-17),
Junior-junior (9-12), and Pee Wee (8 and younger). Also Adult (37-59), Open (any
age), Junior twin (17 and older), Open twin (any age). Picking competition
begins with Open (any age) and Junior (17 and younger). Awards for these
divisions will be give at approximately 8 and 9 p.m. Schedules, rules and
registration forms at Houser's Music or Auditorium in Oroville; or print from
www.orovilleoldtimefiddlers.com. Free admission, but donations appreciated. Food
sold. Held at Oroville Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St. Musicians from
across California will compete; the Old Time fiddle Association organization
covers 10 districts, from Redding to San Diego.

Women's History Month Salad Tea Luncheon

The American Association of University Women will host their annual luncheon
starting 1 p.m. on March 16 at the Oroville Presbyterian Church, 2350 Foothill
Blvd. The program includes a look at women in the field of anthropology,
presented by Merrily Stover, and music by Katy Ryan and Matthew Mitchell.
Proceeds support Tech Trek, a week-long math and science camp at Davis for
seventh-grade girls. Tickets are $20 and reservation deadline is March 12. Call
Joline Hibbert, 533-5577, or email hibbjandj@oroville.com

St. Patrick's Luncheon fundraiser for Oroville Veterans Memorial Park

The corned beef and cabbage lunch, 11 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. on March 13, will be
served at the FRSCA Center, 1335 Myers St. Lunch also includes a drink, roll and
dessert, with take out orders available. Cost is $8 and advance tickets are
available at Betty Jean's or Coffee Diem. Proceeds go towards construction of
the park on Montgomery Street. Event sponsored by the Oroville Downtown Business
Association; information, John, 533-2721. For information about the park, visit
orovilleveteransmemorialpark.org.

Annual Oroville Knights of Columbus dinner is March 16

Doors will open at 5 p.m. and the corned beef and cabbage dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. at St. Thomas the Apostle Church hall, 1330 Bird St. Cost is $10 for
adults; $7 for seniors 65 and older; $5 for children ages 5-11. Tickets at the
St. Thomas School Office, Marcozzi Jewelers, Modern Cleaners and Briggs
Firestone. For information, call Jim Cupido, 533-5599.

Oroville Hunger Walk to raise money and food for local hunger relief

The Cooperating Christian Churches of Oroville organized this first walk to
start at Riverbend Park on March 16. Sign-ups begin 8:30 a.m., with coffee and
donuts served, followed by the approximately 2-mile walk at 9 a.m. Rest stations
will be set up at churches and vans will cruise the route to pick up those who
cannot complete the walk or wish to walk a short distance. Donations will be
accepted prior to the walk or the day of the walk. All money and food raised
will go to Feed the People Ministries, Oroville Rescue Mission, Oroville
Salvation Army, The Hope Center and other groups. Member sponsors are First
congregational Church, First United Methodist Church, Oroville Rescue Mission,
Raven Ministries, St. Paul's Episcopal Church, St. Thomas the Apostle Catholic
Church, The Hope Center, Trinity Bible Church and Trinity Presbyterian Church.
To make a donation or get involved, call 534-0354 or 534-9455.

Reservations are required for the annual Sutter Buttes Hike March 17

The hike on St. Patrick's Day is limited to 30 people and cost is $35 for
members and $40 for non-members. The hike is sponsored by the Butte County
Historical Society. Call 534-8146 or visit buttecountyhistoricalsociety.org for
more information or to make reservations.

Nonprofit groups and community organizations can submit items for "What's
Happening in Oroville" by emailing the pertinent information to
whatshappening@orovillemr.com, fax it to 342-3617 or mail it to: What's
Happening in Oroville, P.O. Box 9, Chico, CA 95927. Please include your name and
telephone number on all correspondences.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            March 31, 2005 Thursday
                                 DuPage Edition

Tap your feet at bluegrass festival

BYLINE: Amy Boerema, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 372 words


For Sandy Cherryholmes, the uplifting harmonies of bluegrass are a therapy of
sorts.

The music helped her family through its darkest time - dealing with the death of
her oldest daughter from respiratory failure.

"We look at the fact that we're here as quite a miracle," she said. "We believe
God gave us the gift of bluegrass during a time when we needed it."

Now she, her husband and their four children have made it their mission to share
that music with others, she said.

The Cherryholmes family will perform this weekend at the 11th annual Midwest
Bluegrass Music Festival in Naperville. The event runs Friday through Sunday at
the Holiday Inn Select, 1801 Naper Blvd., Naperville.

Besides featured bands, there will be instrument workshops, open stage showcases
for new talent and a fiddle contest on Sunday.

The event prides itself on returning to the roots of American music. Bluegrass
features acoustic instruments, including banjo, guitar and fiddles, and
emphasizes vocal harmony.

"We'll have a little flavor of everything," organizer Terry Lease said.

Last year's show drew about 2,500 visitors throughout the weekend, he said.

Featured bands include Stevens Sisters, who toured last year with country star
Brad Paisley, and the Randy Kohrs Band.

This weekend, the Cherryholmes family will perform traditional bluegrass with
Irish step dancing.

"They're the most exciting family band that's hit the Nashville circuit in many
years," Lease said.

The family, originally from Arizona, resides in Tennessee. They got into
bluegrass about six years ago.

"It just really gave us a breath of fresh air after a month of going through
(mourning a death)," Sandy Cherryholmes said.

After teaching their children to play bluegrass instruments, the gang began
performing at church.

"We proved to have some talent," she said.

After winning a few contests that thrust them into the festival circuit several
years ago, the family sold its Arizona home and embarked on a three-month tour.

"We never planned to do anything real serious," Cherryholmes said. "We just felt
it was something important to do under the circumstances."

And they'll continue to share their music with others.

"It's just amazing the turns your life can take when tragedy hits," she said.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Musicians and those who want to play can learn from performers during
workshops at the Midwest Bluegrass Festival. Ed Lee/Daily Herald, March 2004
napbluegrass_1ne032804br The Midwest Bluegrass Festival, running Friday through
Sunday in Naperville, features performances by rising stars on the music scene
and a fiddle contest on Sunday. Brian Hill/Daily Herald, March 2004

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                             May 26, 2016, Thursday

Vandalia Gathering celebrates 40 years

BYLINE: Bill Lynch, Staff writer

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. P1D

LENGTH: 749 words


WANT TO GO?

Vandalia Gathering

WHEN: Friday through Sunday

WHERE: State Capitol grounds

TICKETS: Free admission

INFO: 304-558-0220 or www

.wvculture.org/vandalia

This weekend, Charleston welcomes the 40th-annual Vandalia Gathering, West
Virginia's yearly celebration of traditional arts, music, dance and more at the
Culture Center and Capitol grounds.

The festival begins at 7 p.m. Friday at the Culture Center Theater with an
awards ceremony and the presentation of the Vandalia Award, the state's highest
folk-life honor.

A concert will follow that includes a tribute by Mark Crabtree to the late Elmer
Rich, an award-winning fiddler from Morgantown.

The tribute will include performances by Frank George, Buck and Company, the
High Ridge Ramblers, Gerry Milnes and the Dread Pirate Roberts.

Saturday, at 7 p.m., Robert Shafer and Johnny Staats will perform, along with
Bobby Taylor, Jim and Valerie Gabehart, John Morris, Dwight Diller and the 1937
Flood, which will perform a tribute to fiddler, radio host and old-time music
fixture, Joe Dobbs.

Music will be everywhere during the Vandalia Gathering, with impromptu jam
sessions all over the Capitol grounds and a slew of old-time music competitions
happening nearly continuously all weekend.

Other highlights of the festival include "Guitars in the Classroom, featuring
students from Clay Elementary under the direction of Tracy Wave, the Three
Rivers Avian Center "Birds of Prey presentation, an outdoor flat-foot dance
stage and the popular Liars Contest.

The Vandalia Gather features more than 40 craftspeople demonstrating their
skills and selling a handmade items, including art, jewelry, pottery and
candles.

There also will be plenty to eat, with a sampling of favorites foods from around
the Mountain State and beyond.

For more information, call 304-558-0220 or visit the West Virginia Division of
Culture and History at www.wvculture .org/vandalia.

2016 Vandalia

Gathering schedule

Friday

-7 p.m.

Vandalia Gathering Opening Concert - State Theater

-Presentations of West Virginia Juried Quilt Awards

-Presentation of Vandalia Award

-Concert

Saturday

10:30 a.m.

-Craft Circle, Food Vendors, Information and Festival Sales open

-Old Time for Young'uns and Family Activities open

-Flatfoot and Square Dancing - Dance Stage

11 a.m.

-Appalachian Heritage Dancing - Culture Center Great Hall

-Fiddle Contests Registration - Old Time Stage (registration until 12 p.m.)

-Bluegrass Banjo and Mandolin Registration - Circle Stage (registration until 12
p.m.)

Noon

-Senior Fiddle Contest - Old Time Stage

-Bluegrass Banjo Contest - Circle Stage

2 p.m.

-Youth Fiddle Contest - Old Time Stage (approximate time)

2:30 p.m.

-Mandolin Contest - Circle Stage (approximate time)

3 p.m.

-Fiddle Contest - Old Time Stage (approximate time)

4 p.m.

-Appalachian Heritage Dancing over for day

5 p.m.

-Old Time for Young'uns and Family Activities close for day

6 p.m.

-Craft Circle, Food Vendors, Information and Festival Sales close for day

6:30 p.m.

-Saturday Evening Concert - State Theater

Sunday

10:30 a.m.

-Craft Circle, Food Vendors, Information and Festival Sales open

11 a.m.

-Gospel Sing - Old Time Stage

11:30 a.m.

-Banjo Contests Registration opens - Old Time Stage (closes at 12:30 p.m.)

Noon

-Appalachian Heritage Dancing - Great Hall

-Old Time for Young'uns and Family Activities open for the day

-Flat pick guitar and youth flat pick guitar registration - Circle State (closes
at 1 p.m.)

12:30 p.m.

-Senior Banjo Contest - Old Time Stage

1 p.m.

-Youth Flat Pick Guitar Contest - Circle Stage

1:30 p.m.

-Liars Contest Registration - State Theater (closes at 2:30 p.m.)

-Storytelling - State Theater

2 p.m.

-Lap Dulcimer Contest - Old Time Stage (approximate time)

2:30 p.m.

-Flat Pick Guitar Contest - Circle Stage (approximate time)

-Liars' Contests - State Theater

3:45 p.m.

-Old Time Banjo Contest - Old Time Stage (approximate time)

4 p.m.

-Appalachian Heritage Dancing over for the day - Great Hall

5 p.m.

-Old Time for Young'uns and Family Activities over for the day

-Craft Circle, Food Vendors, Information and Festival Sales close.

WV Division of Culture and History photo

The Vandalia Gathering brings out veteran players and some of

the best-known musicians in West Virginia. It also showcases

rising stars and kids who just love music.

Stephen Brightwell photo | Courtesy of the w.Va. Division of Culture and history

Come for the music, stay for the dance. the Vandalia Gathering offers a lot more
than traditional tunes. You can also clog or cut a rug on the state Capitol and
west Virginia Culture Center grounds.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers

                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Evening Chronicle (Newcastle, UK)

                              May 30, 2008 Friday

Roots With Anafrican Twist

BYLINE: Gordon Barr

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. 2-3

LENGTH: 766 words


ALAN NICHOL has the latest on the North East roots scene

JUSTIN Adams may not be a household name, but he could easily lay claim to the
title of collaboration king of western/African music.

Once described as the UK's Ry Cooder, he is often mentioned as "Robert Plant's
guitarist"   but is a whole lot more.

He co-wrote Plant's Mighty Rearranger album and is indeed one of the two
guitarists in his Strange Sensation band. However, Adams also produced a couple
of  albums for the Malian  "desert blues" band Tinariwen, and has appeared on
plenty of other albums.

Starting in punk bands, he graduated to session/live work with artists as
diverse as Jah Wobble and Peter Gabriel to Sinead O'Connor, Natacha Atlas and
next week's featured artist, Cara Dillon.

Adams has his own band, the Wayward Sheiks, but he is at The Sage (Hall Two) on
Sunday with the stunning Gambian ritti (single-string fiddle) player Juldeh
Camara.

There are elements of John Lee Hooker and Bo Diddley in Adams's driving,
hypnotic guitar lines but the vocals and unique fiddle sounds of Camara take it
to a whole new level.

BOSTON area bluegrass band Crooked Still play The Cluny tomorrow night with a
slightly different spin on the normal line-up.

The inclusion of cello alongside fiddle, banjo, guitar and double bass (and
vocals, of course) gives the band a fresh sound.

The move from quartet to five-piece at the end of last year saw the addition of
fiddle virtuoso Tristan Clarridge from the famed Darol Anger's Republic of
Strings. They have a new album, Still Crooked, to follow on the success of the
2006 release Shaken By A Low Sound.

Gem Andrews opens the show. The diversity of The Cluny's musical offerings is
underlined by the fact that the venue contrasts the Crooked Still show with a
rocking night of R&B tonight with the Dr Feelgood founder and guitarist Wilko
Johnson and his band.

It has been a while since the  Essex Telecaster-man has been here. He is no
stranger to the area, though, as he is a former student of Newcastle University.

ONE of the region's best-known promoters, Graham Anderson (Shipcote to most of
his friends) of Jumpin' Hot Club fame, makes another of his regular excursions
into the recording world when he launches his new album, Highland Company, at
the Side Cafe on the Quayside on Thursday.

Graham, normally behind his double bass in the Hotlicks Cookies or the  Toe Rags
(and once of the Daintees), has made a laidback record of largely self-written
Americana-style songs   reminiscent of Iron & Wine in places    which includes a
wide range of instrumentation, from haunting fiddle to smoky saxophone.
Long-time pal Martin Stephenson helped out on the record and could well show up
on the night with other friends. The album, as the title suggests, was indeed
recorded in the far reaches of Caledonia.

THIS Thursday, the excellent Irish-American band Solas play the Tyneside Irish
Centre in Gallowgate. The quintet, led by Seamus Egan, was originally based in
Philadelphia although now most of the members live in Ireland. They are just as
likely to include songs by Dylan and Tom Waits as they are to play their stock
in trade traditional material.

ALSO on Thursday, the former folk fiddler Mike Piggott heads for the Blaydon
Jazz Club. Mike has worked with a whole range of  classy performers over the
years, from Paul Brett and Ralph McTell to Bert Jansch and a later version of
Pentangle. He moved into jazz and has performed a similar trick. His work has
seen him perform with an even longer list which includes the formidable guitar
talents of Martin Taylor and John Etheridge.

THERE is also  the  usual quota of singer/songwriters this week. On Tuesday, The
Sage has one of the UK's most highly rated, Thea Gilmore. The Oxfordshire
resident has amassed as comprehensive a list of rave reviews in the last decade.
Gilmore's incisive writing is still undimmed and the voice is as keen as ever.
Thea Gilmore and her trio are in Hall Two.

THE night before, that veritable old reading room the Morden Tower has a couple
of American visitors. RB Morris, from Knoxville, East Tennessee, has plied his
trade as singer/songwriter/poet and playwright for years in his native state. He
later toured throughout the US, Canada and Europe and ended up in Nashville,
working with John Prine, Lucinda Williams, Steve Earle and more. His debut, Take
That Ride, included help from Prine, Lucinda and ex-Dylan sideman Al Kooper.
Co-performer Kreg Viesselman has been praised by the likes of Taj Mahal for his
writing and guitar work and was last here opening for bluegrass maestro Del
McCoury.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Evening Chronicle (Newcastle, UK)

                              May 30, 2008 Friday

Roots With Anafrican Twist

BYLINE: Gordon Barr

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. 2-3

LENGTH: 766 words


ALAN NICHOL has the latest on the North East roots scene

JUSTIN Adams may not be a household name, but he could easily lay claim to the
title of collaboration king of western/African music.

Once described as the UK's Ry Cooder, he is often mentioned as "Robert Plant's
guitarist"   but is a whole lot more.

He co-wrote Plant's Mighty Rearranger album and is indeed one of the two
guitarists in his Strange Sensation band. However, Adams also produced a couple
of  albums for the Malian  "desert blues" band Tinariwen, and has appeared on
plenty of other albums.

Starting in punk bands, he graduated to session/live work with artists as
diverse as Jah Wobble and Peter Gabriel to Sinead O'Connor, Natacha Atlas and
next week's featured artist, Cara Dillon.

Adams has his own band, the Wayward Sheiks, but he is at The Sage (Hall Two) on
Sunday with the stunning Gambian ritti (single-string fiddle) player Juldeh
Camara.

There are elements of John Lee Hooker and Bo Diddley in Adams's driving,
hypnotic guitar lines but the vocals and unique fiddle sounds of Camara take it
to a whole new level.

BOSTON area bluegrass band Crooked Still play The Cluny tomorrow night with a
slightly different spin on the normal line-up.

The inclusion of cello alongside fiddle, banjo, guitar and double bass (and
vocals, of course) gives the band a fresh sound.

The move from quartet to five-piece at the end of last year saw the addition of
fiddle virtuoso Tristan Clarridge from the famed Darol Anger's Republic of
Strings. They have a new album, Still Crooked, to follow on the success of the
2006 release Shaken By A Low Sound.

Gem Andrews opens the show. The diversity of The Cluny's musical offerings is
underlined by the fact that the venue contrasts the Crooked Still show with a
rocking night of R&B tonight with the Dr Feelgood founder and guitarist Wilko
Johnson and his band.

It has been a while since the  Essex Telecaster-man has been here. He is no
stranger to the area, though, as he is a former student of Newcastle University.

ONE of the region's best-known promoters, Graham Anderson (Shipcote to most of
his friends) of Jumpin' Hot Club fame, makes another of his regular excursions
into the recording world when he launches his new album, Highland Company, at
the Side Cafe on the Quayside on Thursday.

Graham, normally behind his double bass in the Hotlicks Cookies or the  Toe Rags
(and once of the Daintees), has made a laidback record of largely self-written
Americana-style songs   reminiscent of Iron & Wine in places    which includes a
wide range of instrumentation, from haunting fiddle to smoky saxophone.
Long-time pal Martin Stephenson helped out on the record and could well show up
on the night with other friends. The album, as the title suggests, was indeed
recorded in the far reaches of Caledonia.

THIS Thursday, the excellent Irish-American band Solas play the Tyneside Irish
Centre in Gallowgate. The quintet, led by Seamus Egan, was originally based in
Philadelphia although now most of the members live in Ireland. They are just as
likely to include songs by Dylan and Tom Waits as they are to play their stock
in trade traditional material.

ALSO on Thursday, the former folk fiddler Mike Piggott heads for the Blaydon
Jazz Club. Mike has worked with a whole range of  classy performers over the
years, from Paul Brett and Ralph McTell to Bert Jansch and a later version of
Pentangle. He moved into jazz and has performed a similar trick. His work has
seen him perform with an even longer list which includes the formidable guitar
talents of Martin Taylor and John Etheridge.

THERE is also  the  usual quota of singer/songwriters this week. On Tuesday, The
Sage has one of the UK's most highly rated, Thea Gilmore. The Oxfordshire
resident has amassed as comprehensive a list of rave reviews in the last decade.
Gilmore's incisive writing is still undimmed and the voice is as keen as ever.
Thea Gilmore and her trio are in Hall Two.

THE night before, that veritable old reading room the Morden Tower has a couple
of American visitors. RB Morris, from Knoxville, East Tennessee, has plied his
trade as singer/songwriter/poet and playwright for years in his native state. He
later toured throughout the US, Canada and Europe and ended up in Nashville,
working with John Prine, Lucinda Williams, Steve Earle and more. His debut, Take
That Ride, included help from Prine, Lucinda and ex-Dylan sideman Al Kooper.
Co-performer Kreg Viesselman has been praised by the likes of Taj Mahal for his
writing and guitar work and was last here opening for bluegrass maestro Del
McCoury.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                West County Weekly

                        May 2, 2003 Friday FINAL EDITION

FIDDLE SHOWS PROMISE DANCING, FUN

BYLINE: MARTIN SNAPP, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. X04

LENGTH: 817 words


Don't call Pate Thomson a violinist. "I'm a fiddler!" he says proudly. "A
violinist plays music for people to listen to; a fiddler plays music for people
to dance to."

Thomson plays some of the most danceable music there is: Scottish fiddle tunes,
with titles like "Miss Grace Hay's Delight" and "Miss Oswald of Auchincruive's
Favorite Reel."

By day, Thomson is a Berkeley doctor, specializing in cardiology. But at night
he puts down his stethoscope and picks up his fiddle, and he and his wife, Judy,
make music, often with other members of the San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers, a
group formed in the late '80s by students of master Scottish fiddler Alasdair
Fraser.

In large groups and small, they get together and fiddle to their hearts' delight
until the wee small hours. The group meets once a month in members' homes all
over the Bay Area.

Once a year, the Scottish Fiddlers don their formal kilts and present a series
of boisterous public concerts when, as Fraser, puts it, "spontaneous things
break out and anything's likely to happen." He adds, "I'm not happy unless the
audience are dancing in the aisles."

This year's public concerts will take place this weekend: tonight at Ohlone
College's Smith Center in Fremont, tomorrow night at Veterans' Hall in Grass
Valley, and Sunday afternoon at the Palace of Fine Arts in San Francisco.

"I recommend the San Francisco concert," says fiddler Barbara Salisbury, an
administrator in the physics department at UC Berkeley. "The acoustics are
lovely, with a warm, rich sound. And we'll be so pumped up from the first two
concerts, we'll really be cooking!"

Not all the fiddlers live in the Bay Area. Ann Mayo Muir lives in Port-Grimaud,
France, a small town near St. Tropez. Twice a year she flies to San Francisco:
once for the annual concert series and once for a week-long retreat the Scottish
Fiddlers conduct every Presidents Day week at Bishop Ranch near Healdsburg.

Like many others, she had never been near a fiddle before she got involved with
the group. She met them through her daughter-in-law, Berkeley physician/fiddler
Connie Muir.

"I was here visiting my family eight years ago, and we all drove to Healdsburg
for the retreat," she says. "I went because it was a chance to baby-sit my
newborn twin grandsons, William and Ian, while Connie was practicing. But every
night I'd lie in bed, listening to people playing together in twos and threes
all over the camp. How heavenly it sounded! I thought, 'I'd like to be a part of
that, too.' The next day, they handed me a fiddle, and now I'm as you see me
today - completely hooked."

So are William and Ian. Now 8 years old, they've been enthusiastic fiddlers for
more than two years. Says Ian: "It's fun!"

The San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers was founded in 1987. Today, the membership
numbers more than 200 people of all ages, walks of life and degrees of
proficiency.

"It's been a liberating experience," says Judy Thomson, the group's pianist. "I
was trained as a classical pianist, but I was petrified by playing in public
because I was scared of hitting the wrong notes. But Scottish fiddling isn't
'being a slave to those little black dots on the paper,' as Alasdair puts it.
Now I sometimes play a whole concert without looking at the score. It frees me
up to think about what the music is expressing. I don't always get every note
right, but at least I can function."

"She 'functions' very well," adds Pate Thomson. "She's the backbone of our
group" - a sentiment echoed by Fraser himself.

The Scottish Fiddlers are militantly non-hierarchical. At concerts, there is no
'wall' between performers and audience. And while Fraser is the acknowledged
leader, he's still just first among equals. It's a legacy of Scotland's
egalitarian heritage, when the king was never called "King of Scotland" but
rather the more modest "King of Scots."

"I'm proud to say we've never held an audition," says Fraser. "We're not
competitive. Competition can be fun; but I thought, 'Let's see if we can still
strive for excellence without deciding who's best.'"

"We're all amateurs," says Muir. "Collectively, we can do something greater than
any one of us could do individually. The music does that. I love its gaiety and
nobility and sadness. It takes me all the places I enjoy visiting emotionally."

Reach Martin Snapp at 510-262-2787 or msnapp@cctimes.com

CONCERTS

The San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers concert schedule:

Friday, May 2, 8 p.m. Ohlone College, Smith Center, 43600 Mission Blvd.,
Fremont. Tickets (Ohlone College box office): 510-659-6031

Saturday, May 3, 7:30 p.m. Veterans Hall, 255 South Auburn St., Grass Valley.
Tickets: Call 530-477-0708

Sunday, May 4, 2 p.m. Palace of Fine Arts, San Francisco. Tickets (City Box
Office) : 415-392-4400. Prices: $20 general admission, $12 for students and
seniors. For group rates, call 510-531-4111.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo. Pate and Judy Thomson of Berkeley will be performing with the
San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers May 2, 3 and 4. (Joanna Jhanda, Staff).
Breakout. Concert information at bottom of story.

                       Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                West County Weekly

                        May 2, 2003 Friday FINAL EDITION

FIDDLE SHOWS PROMISE DANCING, FUN

BYLINE: MARTIN SNAPP, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. X04

LENGTH: 817 words


Don't call Pate Thomson a violinist. "I'm a fiddler!" he says proudly. "A
violinist plays music for people to listen to; a fiddler plays music for people
to dance to."

Thomson plays some of the most danceable music there is: Scottish fiddle tunes,
with titles like "Miss Grace Hay's Delight" and "Miss Oswald of Auchincruive's
Favorite Reel."

By day, Thomson is a Berkeley doctor, specializing in cardiology. But at night
he puts down his stethoscope and picks up his fiddle, and he and his wife, Judy,
make music, often with other members of the San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers, a
group formed in the late '80s by students of master Scottish fiddler Alasdair
Fraser.

In large groups and small, they get together and fiddle to their hearts' delight
until the wee small hours. The group meets once a month in members' homes all
over the Bay Area.

Once a year, the Scottish Fiddlers don their formal kilts and present a series
of boisterous public concerts when, as Fraser, puts it, "spontaneous things
break out and anything's likely to happen." He adds, "I'm not happy unless the
audience are dancing in the aisles."

This year's public concerts will take place this weekend: tonight at Ohlone
College's Smith Center in Fremont, tomorrow night at Veterans' Hall in Grass
Valley, and Sunday afternoon at the Palace of Fine Arts in San Francisco.

"I recommend the San Francisco concert," says fiddler Barbara Salisbury, an
administrator in the physics department at UC Berkeley. "The acoustics are
lovely, with a warm, rich sound. And we'll be so pumped up from the first two
concerts, we'll really be cooking!"

Not all the fiddlers live in the Bay Area. Ann Mayo Muir lives in Port-Grimaud,
France, a small town near St. Tropez. Twice a year she flies to San Francisco:
once for the annual concert series and once for a week-long retreat the Scottish
Fiddlers conduct every Presidents Day week at Bishop Ranch near Healdsburg.

Like many others, she had never been near a fiddle before she got involved with
the group. She met them through her daughter-in-law, Berkeley physician/fiddler
Connie Muir.

"I was here visiting my family eight years ago, and we all drove to Healdsburg
for the retreat," she says. "I went because it was a chance to baby-sit my
newborn twin grandsons, William and Ian, while Connie was practicing. But every
night I'd lie in bed, listening to people playing together in twos and threes
all over the camp. How heavenly it sounded! I thought, 'I'd like to be a part of
that, too.' The next day, they handed me a fiddle, and now I'm as you see me
today - completely hooked."

So are William and Ian. Now 8 years old, they've been enthusiastic fiddlers for
more than two years. Says Ian: "It's fun!"

The San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers was founded in 1987. Today, the membership
numbers more than 200 people of all ages, walks of life and degrees of
proficiency.

"It's been a liberating experience," says Judy Thomson, the group's pianist. "I
was trained as a classical pianist, but I was petrified by playing in public
because I was scared of hitting the wrong notes. But Scottish fiddling isn't
'being a slave to those little black dots on the paper,' as Alasdair puts it.
Now I sometimes play a whole concert without looking at the score. It frees me
up to think about what the music is expressing. I don't always get every note
right, but at least I can function."

"She 'functions' very well," adds Pate Thomson. "She's the backbone of our
group" - a sentiment echoed by Fraser himself.

The Scottish Fiddlers are militantly non-hierarchical. At concerts, there is no
'wall' between performers and audience. And while Fraser is the acknowledged
leader, he's still just first among equals. It's a legacy of Scotland's
egalitarian heritage, when the king was never called "King of Scotland" but
rather the more modest "King of Scots."

"I'm proud to say we've never held an audition," says Fraser. "We're not
competitive. Competition can be fun; but I thought, 'Let's see if we can still
strive for excellence without deciding who's best.'"

"We're all amateurs," says Muir. "Collectively, we can do something greater than
any one of us could do individually. The music does that. I love its gaiety and
nobility and sadness. It takes me all the places I enjoy visiting emotionally."

Reach Martin Snapp at 510-262-2787 or msnapp@cctimes.com

CONCERTS

The San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers concert schedule:

Friday, May 2, 8 p.m. Ohlone College, Smith Center, 43600 Mission Blvd.,
Fremont. Tickets (Ohlone College box office): 510-659-6031

Saturday, May 3, 7:30 p.m. Veterans Hall, 255 South Auburn St., Grass Valley.
Tickets: Call 530-477-0708

Sunday, May 4, 2 p.m. Palace of Fine Arts, San Francisco. Tickets (City Box
Office) : 415-392-4400. Prices: $20 general admission, $12 for students and
seniors. For group rates, call 510-531-4111.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo. Pate and Judy Thomson of Berkeley will be performing with the
San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers May 2, 3 and 4. (Joanna Jhanda, Staff).
Breakout. Concert information at bottom of story.

                       Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             May 24, 2012 Thursday

CINDY KALLET, GREY LARSEN PLAY HOUSE CONCERT

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 275 words


Thursday May 24, 2012

On Sunday at 7 p.m., singer-songwriter, lyricist and guitarist Cindy Kallet and
her musical partner Grey Larsen will appear in a house concert at 25 Chestnut
Hill in Brattleboro. For reservations and information, call Jenny Burtis at
802-251-0681.

Kallet and Larsen, each well-known for decades of music-making, have spent much
of the last seven years in a joyful musical collaboration. Kallet is a superb
singer, guitarist, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. Larsen is one of
America's finest players of the Irish flute and tin whistle, as well as an
accomplished singer and concertina, fiddle, piano and harmonium player. As
composers each has contributed to the unique tapestry of contemporary folk and
world music.

The duo's repertoire includes Kallet's original songs, distinctive settings of
traditional Irish music, Scandinavian fiddle duets, old-time fiddle and guitar
tunes from southern Indiana and new music that the two are creating together.
There is plenty of variety and breadth of musical territory here, all deeply
rooted in folk traditions, and interwoven with the Renaissance and baroque
counterpoint in which both coincidentally, were immersed in while growing up.
Included are vocal duets, guitar, Irish flute, Irish alto flute, tin whistle,
concertina, harmonium, and duet fiddling, and plenty of stories that put the
music into a personal context.

In 2007, they released their first duo recording, "Cross the Water." In December
2010, they released a CD Single and YouTube video for their new song, "Back When
We Were All Machines."

For more on Kallet and Larsen, visitwww.cindykallet.com andwww.greylarsen.com .

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            February 7, 2012 Tuesday

Faces: Q&A with Katie Elsing, pastry chef at Forepaughs and Pig & Fiddle

BYLINE: By Kathie Jenkins, Pioneer Press

SECTION: FEATURES; Eat Stories; Kathie Jenkins; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 359 words


Occupation: Pastry Chef at Forepaugh's (276 S. Exchange St., St. Paul;
651-224-5606; forepaughs.com) and Pig & Fiddle (3812 W. 50th St., Minneapolis;
952-955-8385; pignfiddle.com)

What did you want to be when you grew up? A horse trainer. I grew up in Sauk
City, Wis., and my family had horses.

What was your first job in food? When I was 15, I was a prep cook at the Palace
in Plain, Wis. That place was known for its Friday-night fish fry.

How did you wind up as pastry chef? All through high school, I worked in delis
and stuff because I knew I wanted to go to Le Cordon Bleu in Mendota Heights. I
loved baking more than cooking because it's so detail oriented and more
chemistry related.

What's the pastry you're most proud of right now? The chocolate stout pudding at
the Pig & Fiddle. They have 36 beers on tap, and they wanted a comfort dessert
made with one of the beers. I'm allergic to hops, so I haven't been able to try
it, but it gets raves. It's the one thing I can't take off the menu.

What's something few people know about you? I don't eat seafood. Whenever I even
smell it, I say, "Get it away from me." I think working in Wisconsin with all
those Friday-night fish fries really scarred me.

What culinary trend do you wish would die? I thought it had died, but I was in
Wisconsin recently and kept seeing flourless chocolate cake on menus. Seriously,
people, did you not get the memo?

What's something in your career that you wish you had done differently? Nothing
yet, but probably in 10 years there will be a lot of things.

What's your favorite restaurant? I know it's funny since I don't like seafood,
but I love going to Masu Sushi & Robata for the short-rib udon. It's fantastic.

If someone were to play you in a movie, who should it be? I really like Drew
Barrymore because she seems rebellious and kick-ass. I see myself as a person
who doesn't want to follow the rules, so I think that would be really cool.

What's the weirdest food you've ever eaten? Curried fried crickets. They didn't
have a taste, except for the curry. And they were just really crunchy.

What's next? I want to travel and work for other pastry chefs and learn all I
can.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Katie Elsing, pastry chef at Forepaugh's, for FACES feature,
photographed on January 24, 2012. (Pioneer Press: Scott Takushi)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             March 12, 2010 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Pops with a French-Canadian twist

BYLINE: Leonard Turnevicious, The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: GO; Pg. G13

LENGTH: 622  words


When the Hamilton Philharmonic Orchestra is chasing after you to play for them
instead of the other way around, that says something.

And that's exactly how Franco-Ontarian fiddler Pierre Schryer says he landed his
HPO debut on the pops series finale on Saturday, March 20.

"Robin Marritt, who works there at the (HPO) office (as director of community
engagement), I guess she must have heard through the grapevine that I'd been
doing pops concerts with other orchestras in Ontario," said Schryer from his
home in Kakabeka Falls just outside Thunder Bay last week. Those orchestras were
the Kitchener-Waterloo Symphony, the Windsor Symphony, Orchestra London Canada
and the Thunder Bay Symphony Orchestra.

The Schryer name has been a fixture on the folk and fiddle scene for quite some
time. Schryer, 41, took up the violin at age eight along with his brothers,
Louis and Dan. All three (they're triplets) were following in the footsteps of
their brother Raymond, seven years their senior. For a decade beginning in the
mid-1980s, the Schryers dominated fiddle contests. Pierre himself went on to
become Canadian Open Fiddle Champion, Canadian Grand Masters Fiddle Champion,
Violoneux Championnat, and North American Irish Fiddle Champion.

Between 1993 and 1995, he apprenticed as a luthier with Raymond. During this
apprenticeship he entered one of his violins in an international competition at
which he was up against one of Raymond's instruments.

"The pressure was on to make it as perfect as possible," recalled Schryer of his
entry. While Raymond's violin placed in the top five, Pierre's had to settle for
13th. Nothing unlucky about 13, though. He's used that very fiddle ever since.

Nowadays Schryer splits his time between running a violin workshop at his home,
and travelling the folk circuit in a duo with guitarist Ian Clark or button
accordionist Dermot Byrne, or as a member of Club Carrefour, a traditional
Québécois group, or as the front man for his Pierre Schryer Trio or Pierre
Schryer Band.

It's with the latter that Schryer will bow with the HPO. The PSB lineup includes
his wife, Merrie Klazek, a trumpeter in the TBSO, Andy Hillhouse on guitar and
vocals, Québécois step dancer and pianist Martine Billette from Montreal, and
bassist Joe Phillips, who also plays with Orchestra London.

Together they'll reel off a wide assortment of fiddle tunes, including Da
Slockit Light, a set of Shetland tunes, Pointe au Pic, a set of French Canadian
reels, Morning Dew, a set of five Irish reels, plus Lady Walk Street, in which
the Gershwins' Lady, Be Good meets the Walker Street reel filtered through an
Ontario-Texas Swing mix.

Schryer will also do a few originals such as The New Canadian Waltz, the title
track on his 1996 debut CD.

Briefly joining Schryer in the spotlight will be Hamilton's Liam McGlashon, 12,
a student of HPO concertmaster Lance Elbeck, and a frequent guest fiddler at
Celtic-themed HPO pops shows.

Conducting the HPO will be David Martin, a trombonist and arranger who's logged
podium time with orchestras in Calgary, Edmonton, London, Thunder Bay, Windsor,
Kitchener and Detroit.

This Sunday at 3 p.m., guitarists Evan Campbell, Jamie Roberts, Alida Del
Signore, and Wes Palladini perform at Central Presbyterian, 165 Charlton Ave. W.
Free-will offering.

Also at 3 p.m., oboist Nancy Nelson, flutist David Gerry, and harpist Hillary
Noad join Keith Kinder and the McMaster Chamber Orchestra in Mac's Con Hall.
Tickets: $10. Call 905-525-9140, ext. 24246.

Next Wednesday, the Darcy Hepner Jazz Orchestra plays two sets (8 p.m. and 10
p.m.) at the Corktown, 175 Young St. Cover: $15, student $10. Call 905-572-9242.

Leonard Turnevicius writes on classical music for The Spectator.

leonardturnevicius@h otmail.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Fiddler Pierre Schryer

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Grave

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           February 4, 2010 Thursday
                                 SVoice Edition

SENIORS TAKE THE STAGE;
Project Joy has 220 performers;

BYLINE: Cindy Hval<P> dchval@juno.com<P>

SECTION: S; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 724 words


Since 1972, one organization has been adding the melody to mature, the swing to
senior and the rhythm to retired.

Funded in part by the Spokane Parks and Recreation Department, Project Joy
offers a wealth of musical talent. Composed of 40 acts, featuring 220
entertainers age 50 and older, Project Joy provides music and entertainment for
area retirement centers, assisted living facilities and community centers.

Recently, guests at the East Central Community Center enjoyed one of the
organization's most popular acts, a bluegrass band called Just Friends. The
center's seniors program director Kathy Armstrong, said, "I call them every
month and plan a lot of special events with Project Joy music. It's wonderful to
see older people out there performing and giving back."

However, as Just Friends launched into a lively rendition of "Red Wing," it
became apparent that one of their members was definitely under 50.
Fourteen-year-old fiddle player Abigail Christensen, joined Joe and Carlene
Young, Linn Edmonson, Jim Shamp and Ken O'Donnell.

"She keeps us young," said Joe Young with a grin.

Carlene Young explained, "In the summer we have a lady our age play the fiddle
with us, but she's a snowbird, so we get Abby to fill in for us."

Christensen may have been the youngest person in the room but as her fingers
flew across the fiddle strings it became obvious that she wasn't a novice. "I've
been playing since I was 3 1/2," she acknowledged.

Tables decorated with bandanas and miniature red and blue cowboy hats set the
stage as the warm, folksy sound of bluegrass music filled the room.

The appreciative crowd got into the swing of things by clapping and singing
along to "I Saw the Light." And moments later, when the band performed the old
ballad, "A Daisy a Day," the sweet three-part harmony brought smiles to many in
the audience.

But bluegrass is just one musical genre featured by Project Joy. Armstrong said
the Hauoli Dancers are another favorite at East Central. "It's three or four
ladies decked out in the most amazing costumes." The dancers demonstrate the
graceful Hawaiian hula as well as other Polynesian dances.

In addition to small groups, the organization features the 50-member Project Joy
Orchestra conducted by Kevin Hekmatpanah, associate professor of music at
Gonzaga University. And the Senior Serenaders choir has expanded to 50 members,
as well.

"We entertain between 400 and 500 times a year," said Project Joy program
director Bob Smick. "We're always looking for new members."

According to Smick, requirements for membership are few. "Time and effort," he
said. Then he chuckled and added, "A little bit of talent would help."

Smick believes Project Joy members benefit as much as their audiences. "It's
great to be part of a group, and as an entertainer you enjoy going out and
performing."

Joe Young agreed. "We do this for the fun of doing it." He gestured toward the
audience at East Central, "To see them get up and dance and have a great time -
that's our paycheck."

Indeed, the enthusiastic audience responded to every number with cheers and
applause. It was the first time Rosemary Wailiula had attended a Just Friends
concert. "Oh, they're good!" she said. "They remind me of North Carolina. I
lived there for a time and they play this kind of music."

The selection of songs struck a chord with the audience. When Linn Edmonson
crooned "That Silver-Haired Daddy of Mine," he dedicated it to "all the
silver-haired daddies in the world." It was difficult to find a dry eye in the
room as he sang, "If I could recall all the heartaches, dear old Daddy, I've
caused you to bear. If I could erase those lines from your face and bring back
the gold to your hair?"

Couples reached for each other's hands while a staffer passed boxes of tissues.
But the tears didn't linger as the band swung into "High Cotton." Heads nodded,
toes tapped, and smiles wreathed wrinkled faces.

After the performance, new fan Carol Curtis said, "They're voices are so soft
and mellow and really blended together."

Mary Ann Heitner has attended many performances by Just Friends, as well as
other groups from Project Joy. "They've got the right name," she said, smiling.
"They bring such joy to our lives."

<b>SIDEBAR:

MORE INFORMATION</b>

For more information about Project Joy go to www.projectjoy.org or call (509)
535-0584.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           January 28, 2010 Thursday
                                 NVoice Edition

SENIORS TAKE THE STAGE;
Project Joy has 220 performers;

BYLINE: Cindy Hval<P> dchval@juno.com<P>

SECTION: N; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 724 words


Since 1972, one organization has been adding the melody  to mature, the swing to
senior and the rhythm to retired.

Funded in part by the Spokane Parks and Recreation Department, Project Joy
offers a wealth of musical talent. Composed of 40 acts, featuring 220
entertainers age 50 and older, Project Joy provides music and entertainment for
area retirement centers, assisted living facilities and community centers.

Recently, guests at the East Central Community Center enjoyed one of the
organization's most popular acts, a bluegrass band called Just Friends. The
center's seniors program director Kathy Armstrong, said, "I call them every
month and plan a lot of special events with Project Joy music. It's wonderful to
see older people out there performing and giving back."

However, as Just Friends launched into a lively rendition of "Red Wing," it
became apparent that one of their members was definitely under 50.
Fourteen-year-old fiddle player Abigail Christensen, joined Joe and Carlene
Young, Linn Edmonson, Jim Shamp and Ken O'Donnell.

"She keeps us young," said Joe Young with a grin.

Carlene Young explained, "In the summer we have a lady our age play the fiddle
with us, but she's a snowbird, so we get Abby to fill in for us."

Christensen may have been the youngest person in the room but as her fingers
flew across the fiddle strings it became obvious that she wasn't a novice. "I've
been playing since I was 3 1/2," she acknowledged.

Tables decorated with bandanas and miniature red and blue cowboy hats set the
stage as the warm, folksy sound of bluegrass music filled the room.

The appreciative crowd got into the swing of things by clapping and singing
along to "I Saw the Light." And moments later, when the band performed the old
ballad, "A Daisy a Day," the sweet three-part harmony brought smiles to many in
the audience.

But bluegrass is just one musical genre featured by Project Joy. Armstrong said
the Hauoli Dancers are another favorite at East Central. "It's three or four
ladies decked out in the most amazing costumes." The dancers demonstrate the
graceful Hawaiian hula as well as other Polynesian dances.

In addition to small groups, the organization features the 50-member Project Joy
Orchestra conducted by Kevin Hekmatpanah, associate professor of music at
Gonzaga University. And the Senior Serenaders choir has expanded to 50 members,
as well.

"We entertain between 400 and 500 times a year," said Project Joy program
director Bob Smick. "We're always looking for new members."

According to Smick, requirements for membership are few. "Time and effort," he
said. Then he chuckled and added, "A little bit of talent would help."

Smick believes Project Joy members benefit as much as their audiences. "It's
great to be part of a group, and as an entertainer you enjoy going out and
performing."

Joe Young agreed. "We do this for the fun of doing it." He gestured toward the
audience at East Central, "To see them get up and dance and have a great time -
that's our paycheck."

Indeed, the enthusiastic audience responded to every number with cheers and
applause. It was the first time Rosemary Wailiula had attended a Just Friends
concert. "Oh, they're good!" she said. "They remind me of North Carolina. I
lived there for a time and they play this kind of music."

The selection of songs struck a chord with the audience. When Linn Edmonson
crooned "That Silver-Haired Daddy of Mine," he dedicated it to "all the
silver-haired daddies in the world." It was difficult to find a dry eye in the
room as he sang, "If I could recall all the heartaches, dear old Daddy, I've
caused you to bear. If I could erase those lines from your face and bring back
the gold to your hair?"

Couples reached for each other's hands while a staffer passed boxes of tissues.
But the tears didn't linger as the band swung into "High Cotton." Heads nodded,
toes tapped, and smiles wreathed wrinkled faces.

After the performance, new fan Carol Curtis said, "They're voices are so soft
and mellow and really blended together."

Mary Ann Heitner has attended many performances by Just Friends, as well as
other groups from Project Joy. "They've got the right name," she said, smiling.
"They bring such joy to our lives."

<b>SIDEBAR:

MORE INFORMATION</b>

For more information about Project Joy go to www.projectjoy.org or call (509)
535-0584.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           January 23, 2010 Saturday
                                 VVoice Edition

SENIORS TAKE THE STAGE;
Project Joy has 220 performers 50 and older;

BYLINE: Cindy Hval<P> dchval@juno.com<P>

SECTION: V; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 724 words


Since 1972, one organization has been adding the melody to mature, the swing to
senior and the rhythm to retired.

Funded in part by the Spokane Parks and Recreation Department, Project Joy
offers a wealth of musical talent. Composed of 40 acts, featuring 220
entertainers age 50 and older, Project Joy provides music and entertainment for
area retirement centers, assisted living facilities and community centers.

Recently, guests at the East Central Community Center enjoyed one of the
organization's most popular acts, a bluegrass band called Just Friends. The
center's seniors program director Kathy Armstrong, said, "I call them every
month and plan a lot of special events with Project Joy music. It's wonderful to
see older people out there performing and giving back."

However, as Just Friends launched into a lively rendition of "Red Wing," it
became apparent that one of their members was definitely under 50.
Fourteen-year-old fiddle player Abigail Christensen, joined Joe and Carlene
Young, Linn Edmonson, Jim Shamp and Ken O'Donnell.

"She keeps us young," said Joe Young with a grin.

Carlene Young explained, "In the summer we have a lady our age play the fiddle
with us, but she's a snowbird, so we get Abby to fill in for us."

Christensen may have been the youngest person in the room but as her fingers
flew across the fiddle strings it became obvious that she wasn't a novice. "I've
been playing since I was 3 1/2," she acknowledged.

Tables decorated with bandanas and miniature red and blue cowboy hats set the
stage as the warm, folksy sound of bluegrass music filled the room.

The appreciative crowd got into the swing of things by clapping and singing
along to "I Saw the Light." And moments later, when the band performed the old
ballad, "A Daisy a Day," the sweet three-part harmony brought smiles to many in
the audience.

But bluegrass is just one musical genre featured by Project Joy. Armstrong said
the Hauoli Dancers are another favorite at East Central. "It's three or four
ladies decked out in the most amazing costumes." The dancers demonstrate the
graceful Hawaiian hula as well as other Polynesian dances.

In addition to small groups, the organization features the 50-member Project Joy
Orchestra conducted by Kevin Hekmatpanah, associate professor of music at
Gonzaga University. And the Senior Serenaders choir has expanded to 50 members,
as well.

"We entertain between 400 and 500 times a year," said Project Joy program
director Bob Smick. "We're always looking for new members."

According to Smick, requirements for membership are few. "Time and effort," he
said. Then he chuckled and added, "A little bit of talent would help."

Smick believes Project Joy members benefit as much as their audiences. "It's
great to be part of a group, and as an entertainer you enjoy going out and
performing."

Joe Young agreed. "We do this for the fun of doing it." He gestured toward the
audience at East Central, "To see them get up and dance and have a great time -
that's our paycheck."

Indeed, the enthusiastic audience responded to every number with cheers and
applause. It was the first time Rosemary Wailiula had attended a Just Friends
concert. "Oh, they're good!" she said. "They remind me of North Carolina. I
lived there for a time and they play this kind of music."

The selection of songs struck a chord with the audience. When Linn Edmonson
crooned "That Silver-Haired Daddy of Mine," he dedicated it to "all the
silver-haired daddies in the world." It was difficult to find a dry eye in the
room as he sang, "If I could recall all the heartaches, dear old Daddy, I've
caused you to bear. If I could erase those lines from your face and bring back
the gold to your hair?"

Couples reached for each other's hands while a staffer passed boxes of tissues.
But the tears didn't linger as the band swung into "High Cotton." Heads nodded,
toes tapped, and smiles wreathed wrinkled faces.

After the performance, new fan Carol Curtis said, "They're voices are so soft
and mellow and really blended together."

Mary Ann Heitner has attended many performances by Just Friends, as well as
other groups from Project Joy. "They've got the right name," she said, smiling.
"They bring such joy to our lives."

<b>SIDEBAR:

MORE INFORMATION</b>

For more information about Project Joy go to www.projectjoy.org or call (509)
535-0584.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Sunderland Echo

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

Kings of Coal

BYLINE: Katy Wheeler

LENGTH: 656  words


BEFORE there was a burgeoning bluegrass revival, there was The Coal Porters.
Katy Wheeler speaks to the band's frontman about bringing the sound home.

For the past two decades, Sid Griffin's fast fingers have been fanning the
flames for a musical movement which is now soaring.

Back in the 1990s when Sid, a singer, songwriter, guitarist and mandolinist,
formed The Coal Porters - hailed as the world's first alt-bluegrass act - few,
if any, young people would be rushing to a music shop to buy a banjo or fiddle.

Today it's a different story as the old sound enjoys a new lease of life.

The Coal Porters have demonstrated the power of fiddle, mandolin, banjo,
acoustic guitar and doghouse bass when matched with three-part harmonies and
memorable melodies - and taken this up-tempo sound around the world.

Sid, formerly of American country act The Long Ryders, says the genre holds an
appeal on many levels.

"It distills a vacuum of something honest and soulful," he said.

"To get competent, it's like skiffle, you can learn a few chords, but to reach
that higher plane is a different level altogether. So that's one reason it's
popular, it's easy to do.

"The second reason is that it's so soulful.

"The third is that it doesn't take a lot of equipment. In a rock band you need
drums, guitar, electric cables, pedals, symbols, snare drum, the list goes one.

"But in bluegrass it's relatively easy  - you could have one banjo, one big
double bass, one fiddle - just three or four pieces and that's your band. It
takes a certain musical competence. You could learn simple harmonies, four
chords, and you could do a 45 minute set. It won't get you on the cover of NME,
but it's an introduction to the world of performing arts. Further than that is
hard, it's a steep learning  curve.

"And the fourth reason is that it's just very fun. It's jolly and up-tempo."

Over the years, The Coal Porters have recorded many albums. Their most recent,
Find The One, was produced by industry veteran John Wood, producer of Fairport
Convention, Nick Drake, Squeeze and Beth Orton.

Sid, who was born in Kentucky, but now calls London home, said: "What the scene
needs is a breakthrough band. The Beatles were the breakthrough act for
Merseybeat, which led to bands like Gerry and the Pacemakers.

"With punk it was the Sex Pistols and The Clash, other bands came through in the
wake of these acts.

"In America it's huge. In New York, in Brooklyn, you have these urban hipsters
and a lot of them aren't playing hip hop. They are walking round with beards and
handlebar moustaches playing banjo and fiddles.

"Over here if you mention a fiddle or a banjo in a pub it's a turn off. But it's
losing its squareness in America and that's gradually happening here too. Go
into a music shop in the North East and talk to the guys and they'll be selling
banjos."

As well as playing Shadforth Village Hall in Durham this month as part of their
autumn tour, the band will also fit in a set at The Smugglers in Roker,
Sunderland. "We had a hole in the tour so the night before we play Durham we're
playing The Smugglers in Roker," explained Sid. "We've played at Glastonbury
where there's been 100,000 people, in Lisbon where we're ants on stage in front
of a crowd of 75,000. But even if there's just 75 in the room, like at
Smugglers, it still works."

Sid says there's a quality to bluegrass music which speaks to North East people.

"There's something in the DNA of Anglo Saxon and Celtic people which makes it
appeal to them," he said. "American folk music is a variation on a theme of
music from the North East and the Borders. It's been altered, slowed down, sped
up, but it's something that came over on a boat 240 years ago."

*The Coal Porters play Shadforth Village Hall, South Mews, Shadforth, Durham on
September 27. Tickets are £15 in advance from wegottickets.com or £17 on the
door.

*The band will play The Smugglers, Roker Promenade, on September 26 from 8pm.
Entry is  free.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPSE


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Sunderland Echo

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

The kings of coal.

BYLINE: Katy Wheeler

LENGTH: 656  words


BEFORE there was a burgeoning bluegrass revival, there was The Coal Porters.
Katy Wheeler speaks to the band's frontman about bringing the sound home.

For the past two decades, Sid Griffin's fast fingers have been fanning the
flames for a musical movement which is now soaring.

Back in the 1990s when Sid, a singer, songwriter, guitarist and mandolinist,
formed The Coal Porters - hailed as the world's first alt-bluegrass act - few,
if any, young people would be rushing to a music shop to buy a banjo or fiddle.

Today it's a different story as the old sound enjoys a new lease of life.

The Coal Porters have demonstrated the power of fiddle, mandolin, banjo,
acoustic guitar and doghouse bass when matched with three-part harmonies and
memorable melodies - and taken this up-tempo sound around the world.

Sid, formerly of American country act The Long Ryders, says the genre holds an
appeal on many levels.

"It distills a vacuum of something honest and soulful," he said.

"To get competent, it's like skiffle, you can learn a few chords, but to reach
that higher plane is a different level altogether. So that's one reason it's
popular, it's easy to do.

"The second reason is that it's so soulful.

"The third is that it doesn't take a lot of equipment. In a rock band you need
drums, guitar, electric cables, pedals, symbols, snare drum, the list goes one.

"But in bluegrass it's relatively easy  - you could have one banjo, one big
double bass, one fiddle - just three or four pieces and that's your band. It
takes a certain musical competence. You could learn simple harmonies, four
chords, and you could do a 45 minute set. It won't get you on the cover of NME,
but it's an introduction to the world of performing arts. Further than that is
hard, it's a steep learning  curve.

"And the fourth reason is that it's just very fun. It's jolly and up-tempo."

Over the years, The Coal Porters have recorded many albums. Their most recent,
Find The One, was produced by industry veteran John Wood, producer of Fairport
Convention, Nick Drake, Squeeze and Beth Orton.

Sid, who was born in Kentucky, but now calls London home, said: "What the scene
needs is a breakthrough band. The Beatles were the breakthrough act for
Merseybeat, which led to bands like Gerry and the Pacemakers.

"With punk it was the Sex Pistols and The Clash, other bands came through in the
wake of these acts.

"In America it's huge. In New York, in Brooklyn, you have these urban hipsters
and a lot of them aren't playing hip hop. They are walking round with beards and
handlebar moustaches playing banjo and fiddles.

"Over here if you mention a fiddle or a banjo in a pub it's a turn off. But it's
losing its squareness in America and that's gradually happening here too. Go
into a music shop in the North East and talk to the guys and they'll be selling
banjos."

As well as playing Shadforth Village Hall in Durham this month as part of their
autumn tour, the band will also fit in a set at The Smugglers in Roker,
Sunderland. "We had a hole in the tour so the night before we play Durham we're
playing The Smugglers in Roker," explained Sid. "We've played at Glastonbury
where there's been 100,000 people, in Lisbon where we're ants on stage in front
of a crowd of 75,000. But even if there's just 75 in the room, like at
Smugglers, it still works."

Sid says there's a quality to bluegrass music which speaks to North East people.

"There's something in the DNA of Anglo Saxon and Celtic people which makes it
appeal to them," he said. "American folk music is a variation on a theme of
music from the North East and the Borders. It's been altered, slowed down, sped
up, but it's something that came over on a boat 240 years ago."

oThe Coal Porters play Shadforth Village Hall, South Mews, Shadforth, Durham on
September 27. Tickets are £15 in advance from wegottickets.com or £17 on the
door.

oThe band will play The Smugglers, Roker Promenade, on September 26 from 8pm.
Entry is  free.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPSE


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Sunderland Echo

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

The kings of coal.

BYLINE: Katy Wheeler

LENGTH: 656  words


BEFORE there was a burgeoning bluegrass revival, there was The Coal Porters.
Katy Wheeler speaks to the band's frontman about bringing the sound home.

For the past two decades, Sid Griffin's fast fingers have been fanning the
flames for a musical movement which is now soaring.

Back in the 1990s when Sid, a singer, songwriter, guitarist and mandolinist,
formed The Coal Porters - hailed as the world's first alt-bluegrass act - few,
if any, young people would be rushing to a music shop to buy a banjo or fiddle.

Today it's a different story as the old sound enjoys a new lease of life.

The Coal Porters have demonstrated the power of fiddle, mandolin, banjo,
acoustic guitar and doghouse bass when matched with three-part harmonies and
memorable melodies - and taken this up-tempo sound around the world.

Sid, formerly of American country act The Long Ryders, says the genre holds an
appeal on many levels.

"It distills a vacuum of something honest and soulful," he said.

"To get competent, it's like skiffle, you can learn a few chords, but to reach
that higher plane is a different level altogether. So that's one reason it's
popular, it's easy to do.

"The second reason is that it's so soulful.

"The third is that it doesn't take a lot of equipment. In a rock band you need
drums, guitar, electric cables, pedals, symbols, snare drum, the list goes one.

"But in bluegrass it's relatively easy  - you could have one banjo, one big
double bass, one fiddle - just three or four pieces and that's your band. It
takes a certain musical competence. You could learn simple harmonies, four
chords, and you could do a 45 minute set. It won't get you on the cover of NME,
but it's an introduction to the world of performing arts. Further than that is
hard, it's a steep learning  curve.

"And the fourth reason is that it's just very fun. It's jolly and up-tempo."

Over the years, The Coal Porters have recorded many albums. Their most recent,
Find The One, was produced by industry veteran John Wood, producer of Fairport
Convention, Nick Drake, Squeeze and Beth Orton.

Sid, who was born in Kentucky, but now calls London home, said: "What the scene
needs is a breakthrough band. The Beatles were the breakthrough act for
Merseybeat, which led to bands like Gerry and the Pacemakers.

"With punk it was the Sex Pistols and The Clash, other bands came through in the
wake of these acts.

"In America it's huge. In New York, in Brooklyn, you have these urban hipsters
and a lot of them aren't playing hip hop. They are walking round with beards and
handlebar moustaches playing banjo and fiddles.

"Over here if you mention a fiddle or a banjo in a pub it's a turn off. But it's
losing its squareness in America and that's gradually happening here too. Go
into a music shop in the North East and talk to the guys and they'll be selling
banjos."

As well as playing Shadforth Village Hall in Durham this month as part of their
autumn tour, the band will also fit in a set at The Smugglers in Roker,
Sunderland. "We had a hole in the tour so the night before we play Durham we're
playing The Smugglers in Roker," explained Sid. "We've played at Glastonbury
where there's been 100,000 people, in Lisbon where we're ants on stage in front
of a crowd of 75,000. But even if there's just 75 in the room, like at
Smugglers, it still works."

Sid says there's a quality to bluegrass music which speaks to North East people.

"There's something in the DNA of Anglo Saxon and Celtic people which makes it
appeal to them," he said. "American folk music is a variation on a theme of
music from the North East and the Borders. It's been altered, slowed down, sped
up, but it's something that came over on a boat 240 years ago."

oThe Coal Porters play Shadforth Village Hall, South Mews, Shadforth, Durham on
September 27. Tickets are £15 in advance from wegottickets.com or £17 on the
door.

oThe band will play The Smugglers, Roker Promenade, on September 26 from 8pm.
Entry is  free.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPSE


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Berkeley Voice

                        May 2, 2003 Friday FINAL EDITION

COUPLE'S FIDDLE SHOWS MAKE STRINGS, HEARTS SING

BYLINE: MARTIN SNAPP, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 732 words


Don't call Pate Thomson a violinist.

"I'm a fiddler!" he says proudly. "A violinist plays music for people to listen
to; a fiddler plays music for people to dance to."

Thomson plays some of the most danceable music there is: Scottish fiddle tunes,
with titles like "Miss Grace Hay's Delight" and "Miss Oswald of Auchincruive's
Favorite Reel."

By day, Thomson is a Berkeley doctor, specializing in cardiology. But at night
he puts down his stethoscope and picks up his fiddle, and he and his wife, Judy,
make music, often with other members of the San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers, a
group formed in the late '80s by students of master Scottish fiddler Alasdair
Fraser.

In large groups and small, they get together and fiddle to their hearts' delight
until the wee small hours. The group meets once a month in members' homes all
over the Bay Area.

Once a year, the Scottish Fiddlers don their formal kilts and present a series
of boisterous public concerts when, as Fraser, puts it, "spontaneous things
break out and anything's likely to happen." He adds, "I'm not happy unless the
audience are dancing in the aisles."

This year's public concerts will take place this weekend: tonight at Ohlone
College's Smith Center in Fremont, tomorrow night at Veterans' Hall in Grass
Valley, and Sunday afternoon at the Palace of Fine Arts in San Francisco.

"I recommend the San Francisco concert," says fiddler Barbara Salisbury, an
administrator in the physics department at UC Berkeley. "The acoustics are
lovely, with a warm, rich sound. And we'll be so pumped up from the first two
concerts, we'll really be cooking!"

Not all the fiddlers live in the Bay Area. Ann Mayo Muir lives in Port-Grimaud,
France, a small town near St. Tropez. Twice a year she flies to San Francisco:
once for the annual concert series and once for a week-long retreat the Scottish
Fiddlers conduct every Presidents' Day week at Bishop Ranch near Healdsberg.

Like many others, she had never been near a fiddle before she got involved with
the group. She met them through her daughter-in-law, Berkeley physician/fiddler
Connie Muir.

"I was here visiting my family eight years ago, and we all drove to Healdsberg
for the retreat," she says. "I went because it was a chance to baby-sit my
newborn twin grandsons, William and Ian, while Connie was practicing. But every
night I'd lie in bed, listening to people playing together in twos and threes
all over the camp. How heavenly it sounded! I thought, 'I'd like to be a part of
that, too.' The next day, they handed me a fiddle, and now I'm as you see me
today - completely hooked."

So are William and Ian. Now 8 years old, they've been enthusiastic fiddlers for
more than two years. Says Ian: "It's fun!"

The San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers was founded in 1987. Today, the membership
numbers more than 200 people of all ages, walks of life, and degrees of
proficiency.

"It's been a liberating experience," says Judy Thomson, the group's pianist. "I
was trained as a classical pianist, but I was petrified by playing in public
because I was scared of hitting the wrong notes. But Scottish fiddling isn't
'being a slave to those little black dots on the paper,' as Alasdair puts it.
Now I sometimes play a whole concert without looking at the score. It frees me
up to think about what the music is expressing. I don't always get every note
right, but at least I can function."

"She 'functions' very well," adds Pate Thomson. "She's the backbone of our
group" - a sentiment echoed by Fraser himself.

The Scottish Fiddlers are militantly non-hierarchical. At concerts, there is no
'wall' between performers and audience. And while Fraser is the acknowledged
leader, he's still just first among equals. It's a legacy of Scotland's
egalitarian heritage, when the king was never called "King of Scotland" but
rather the more modest "King of Scots."

"I'm proud to say we've never held an audition," says Fraser. "We're not
competitive. Competition can be fun; but I thought, 'Let's see if we can still
strive for excellence without deciding who's best.'"

"We're all amateurs," says Muir. "Collectively, we can do something greater than
any one of us could do individually. The music does that. I love its gaiety and
nobility and sadness. It takes me all the places I enjoy visiting emotionally."

Reach Martin Snapp at 510-262-2787 or msnapp@cctimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo. Berkeley residents Pate and Judy Thomson will be performing with
the San Francisco Scottish Fiddlers this month. (Joanna Jhanda, Staff).
Breakout. Concert schedule information.

                       Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 September 24, 1993, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

A CELEBRATION OF THE FIDDLE; MARK O'CONNOR TEAMS WITH HIS 'HEROES'

BYLINE: Shirley Jinkins 1993, Fort Worth Star-Telegram

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 4EV

LENGTH: 947 words


A PIVOTAL MOMENT in virtuoso violinist Mark O'Connor's life is echoed in a duet
with Doug Kershaw on "Heroes," the much-anticipated O'Connor album of fiddle
duos ranging from classical to country.

"I heard Doug play 'Diggy Diggy Lo' on Johnny Cash's show when I was 8," said
O'Connor. "That one performance was so powerful for me, it forced me to have to
beg for a fiddle for three years."

No, O'Connor's parents weren't cruel, just frugal.

"They had just gotten me a really nice classical guitar," he said. "I had
studied guitar since I was 5 or 6, they got me a real nice one when I was 8, and
that was it. They said, 'We've done this for you, now have a good time with it.'
"

He did. O'Connor is also a virtuoso on guitar and mandolin.

But it was on the fiddle that O'Connor became a child prodigy and national
champion. He won every fiddling contest in the country and had recorded four
albums by the time he was in high school.

He worked and toured with mandolinist David Grisman, then became Nashville's
most in-demand studio musician during the 1980s, playing on 450 recordings
before retiring from studio work in 1990 to devote himself to his own efforts.

This is really sort of a Mark O'Connor month. In addition to his new album, the
Nashville musician is debuting a new symphonic piece he's written, "The Fiddle
Concerto for Violin and Orchestra." Both the Nashville and Santa Fe symphonies
are opening their seasons with it this month.

"Heroes" is the successor to O'Connor's Grammy-winning "New Nashville Cats"
album, which capped his amazing career as a studio musician and launched him as
a solo artist.

O'Connor himself sees "Heroes" as "a celebration of improvised violin playing."
It's also a celebration of 14 guest artists and their own musical visions.

Besides Kershaw's Cajun tunes, the album includes Byron Berline's bluegrass,
Johnny Gimble's Texas swing, L. Shankar's Indian music - not to mention Pinchas
Zukerman, Jean-Luc Ponty, Vasser Clements, Buddy Spicher, Kenny Baker and . . .

The first single (yes, this is, after all, Nashville) is "The Devil Comes Back
to Georgia," with Charlie Daniels and guest vocalists Johnny Cash, Travis Tritt
and Marty Stuart.

And there's a resurrected cut with the late Benny Thomasson, whom O'Connor calls
"the greatest old-time fiddler I have ever heard. Just his rhythmic feel of a
two-bar phrase could be a lifelong study for an accomplished musician."

But the real impetus for the album, O'Connor said during a recent interview in
Nashville, was the chance to play with his idol, jazz violinist Stephane
Grappelli. O'Connor recorded in Paris with Grappelli, then 84. Since then,
they've played Carnegie Hall together.

"These are my childhood heroes, who happened to be violinists," O'Connor said.
"They really altered the course of my life. If 'The New Nashville Cats' was a
dream project, then this one is more like a fantasy, because before this I did
not know a lot of my childhood heroes."

The violin's personable qualities made it his instrument of choice, O'Connor
said.

"You have to be a fantastic guitar player to have your own sound," he laughed.
"But any little kid can have his own sound on the violin."

The new album represents another thing about playing the violin that appeals to
O'Connor: its companionship.

"The communication between the violins in every one of the settings is really a
very personal conversation that takes place," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo of Mark O'Connor (NO CUTLINE)

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                        April 5, 2002 Friday MO1 EDITION

Star fiddlers form foursome;
NEW STYLE COMBINES WIDE-RANGING FOLK ELEMENTS

BYLINE: Shay Quillen Mercury News

SECTION: EY; Pg. M6

LENGTH: 653 words


You're invited to witness the birth of the vernacular violin ensemble.

When Fiddlers 4 -- Darol Anger, Michael Doucet, Bruce Molsky and Rushad
Eggleston -- perform Tuesday at Villa Montalvo in Saratoga, it will be just the
third time they've blended their distinctive sounds in public.

"We'll definitely learn the songs by the end of the tour," jokes Doucet via
telephone from his home in Lafayette, La.

Anger, Doucet and Molsky haven't played together long, but individually they've
been among the most influential fiddlers of their generation.

In groups such as the David Grisman Quintet, Montreaux and the Turtle Island
String Quartet, Oakland resident Anger, 48, has proved himself one of the
world's most versatile violinists, blending classical technique, jazz
improvisatory chops and bluegrass drive.

Old-time Appalachian fiddle master Bruce Molsky of Washington, D.C., first
approached Anger more than a year ago about putting together a tour featuring
fiddlers who play in a variety of styles. Anger, it turned out, had something
more ambitious in mind.

"He's had a vision to actually create a brand new sound drawn from a broad
palette of traditional and modern fiddle styles," Molsky, 46, explains via
e-mail from Australia, where he is touring with the group Mozaik.

To help achieve this end, Molsky suggested they approach Anger's friend Doucet,
51, leader of the world's most popular Cajun band, Beausoleil. Though Molsky and
Doucet had never met, let alone played together, a jam session or two convinced
them that their disparate styles would work together.

"My accompaniment is never going to sound Cajun, and that's not the goal,"
Molsky says. "So there's no imitation or pretense of style here. Michael is the
same way with the southern Appalachian tunes. He has great ability to hear the
essence of what's going on and embellishes it his own way."

To complete the quartet, the three fiddlers turned to a 22-year-old cellist
named Rushad Eggleston. The Carmel native is a student at the Berklee College of
Music in Boston.

"He's probably the greatest bluegrass cellist who ever lived," Anger says from
his home in Oakland. "He's sort of the Chris Thile of the cello," he adds,
comparing the cellist to the mandolin wunderkind of Nickel Creek.

Eggleston reminds Doucet of someone a little closer to home. "He's like Darol
but, like, 20 years younger. He's got the same kind of energy."

In the 1980s and '90s, Anger helped bring jazz improvisation into the classical
string quartet tradition as a founding member of the Turtle Island String
Quartet. Anger was a violinist with the quartet, but this time around Anger and
his new associates are playing the fiddle. Physically, the instrument is the
same, but the role it serves is quite different.

"Violin is more of a voice," Anger says. "Fiddle is more of a drum. When you
play fiddle, you're playing for dancing."

The band's eponymous debut CD, released by Compass Records in March, features a
blend of musical styles that includes Cajun and old-time sounds but also
features healthy portions of jazz (Duke Ellington's "East St. Louis Todalo"),
African music (the traditional griot melody "Hidirassirifo") and rock 'n' roll
("Atchafalaya Pipeline"). Doucet and Molsky handle the four vocal tracks, and
Molsky adds sweetly swinging guitar to two cuts.

Even though Fiddlers 4 is a work-in-progress, Anger is confident that his new
band will be firing on all cylinders once it hits the stage.

"There are no weak spots in the rhythm department of this band," Anger says. "I
think we'll be able to get some really brutal-sounding stuff happening."

Fiddlers 4

Where: Carriage House Theater, Villa Montalvo, 15400 Montalvo Road, Saratoga

When: 7:30 p.m. Tuesday

Tickets: $33, $38

Call: (408) 961-5858

Also: 7:30 p.m. next Friday, Freight and Salvage, 1111 Addison St., Berkeley,
$19.50, (510) 548-1761

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            October 18, 2005 Tuesday
                                  Home Edition

OUR OPINIONS: Let Va. band give 'Devil' its due

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 242 words


Even before the devil went down to Georgia looking for a soul to steal, he stole
the good sense from Hylton High School officials in Virginia's Prince William
County.

Hylton High's Bulldawg Marching Band had secured an invitation to play at the
Peach Bowl in Atlanta and was planning to perform "The Devil Went Down to
Georgia," by the Charlie Daniels Band.

But a single letter to the editor of the Potomac News complained that references
to the devil --- even one who ends up playing second fiddle --- might breach the
wall separating church and state when performed by a public high school band.
Because of that, the popular country-western song is off the band's playlist.

Now hell's broke loose in Virginia and the devil deals the cards. The county's
residents, the school's alumni and band parents all want the decision reversed.
Even Charlie Daniels has gotten involved. "I don't write pro-devil songs,"
Daniels told the Washington Post. "Most people seem to get it. It's a fun little
song."

It's difficult to imagine how anyone could interpret Daniels' 1979 hit as being
pro-devil. Johnny, Georgia's fiddle-playing genius, whips the creepy
representative of the netherworld pretty good in a contest and wins a fiddle
made of gold. No souls were stolen. Good triumphs over evil.

Chicken in the bread pan pickin' out dough. You know the tune. The Marching
Bulldawgs should be allowed to bring their own version of fire on the mountain
to the Peach Bowl.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: Devil's tale

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                         October 29, 1994, CITY EDITION

Townlands of the swinging rhythm
Fintan Vallely on a festival celebrating a musical legacy

BYLINE: By FINTAN VALLELY

SECTION: WEEKEND: THE WEEK AHEAD; Pg. Supplement page 4

LENGTH: 501 words


SLIABH Luachra, "the rush mountain", a state of mind and a definitive style of
music, is that area of east Kerry and north west Cork which is roughly enclosed
by the four towns of Castleisland, Killarney, Millstreet and Boherboy. Somewhat
symbolically, it is the source of the 80 mile long River Blackwater for here is
a bright spring contributing significantly to the body of music in this country.
Its "gimp" has developed around the dancing of "sets" since the end of the last
century leaning more toward a swinging rhythm than melodic complexity and is
charged with the stylistic legacy of fiddler and teacher Padraig O'Kecffe.

Already having guru status by the time of his death in 1963, he himself had been
more fond of reels and airs more fastidious about melody and detail, and had
used his own form of staff notation to teach tunes. Two of his best known fiddle
pupils from the late l920s were Julia (now Clifford) and Denis Murphy of
Lisheen, Co Kerry. They carried his music abroad to London and New York
respectively, and at Seamus Ennis's instigation in 1952 recorded with their
mentor the material which was eventually wound on to the seminal Kerry Fiddles
topic album in the 1970s.

Now over 80, Julia is still playing, but Denis died in 1974.

Last Halloween, Padraig O'Keeffe was commemorated by a fiddle competition set in
a weekend of music, dance and workshops in his native area.

RTE's commercial productions unit acknowledged this by launching there a
compilation of the great man's music from the Radio Eireann archives. This
weekend the Scoil Eigse is repeated, and tomorrow evening in Dan Connell's pub
in Knocknagree, RTE launch yet another CD of Seamus Ennis's, Ciaran MacMathuna's
and Andrias O'Gallchoir's 1948 to 1969 recordings of Denis Murphy.

Initiated, researched and compiled by Peter Browne, and remastered from tapes
and 78 discs by Aodan O'Dubhgaill, this collection on the one hand reflects the
music of O'Keeffe and Sliabh Luachra ("It has little secrets of its own" Murphy
once said), the embodiment of unbroken generations of handing down in a social
environment of dancing at emigration parties, weddings, Biddy dances and 'eating
the gander' on the other, it is subtly tempered by the experience of 10 years
playing in the US among the big names in other Irish fiddle styles Lad O'Beirne,
Andy McGann, Paddy Killoran and Charlie Mulvihill by Murphy's rambles in Ireland
(with Dylan Thomas and Seamus Ennis in 1973), and by his own innovation and
borrowing.

Tonight and tomorrow night, at various venues in and around Castleisland, Matt
Cranitch, Mairead Ni Chathasaigh, Sean Smith and Seamus Creagh (fiddle), Aiden
Coffey, and Breandan O'Beaglaioch (accordion) celebrate Murphy and O'Keeffe in
concerts and workshops for those definitive Sliabh Luachra instruments. The
broader interpretation is saluted by Sean Og Potts (uilleann pipes), Sean Ryan
(whistle) and Jerry (banjo) O'Connor; the New World view by Steve Cooney and
Seamus Begley.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1994 The Irish Times

                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 24, 2000, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

PRO FOOTBALL;
A Star Plays Second Fiddle

BYLINE: By BILL PENNINGTON

SECTION: Section D; Page 1; Column 2; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1342 words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. Aug. 23


When Jason Sehorn is out with his fiancee, the television actress Angie Harmon,
he knows what to expect when fans recognize the couple.

"They'll run to her and start talking about 'Law and Order,' " Sehorn said this
week, referring to the weekly NBC drama in which Harmon stars. "And eventually,
they'll kind of look over at me and say: 'Oh, and there's that football guy.' "

Sehorn smiled as he told the story, understanding that there is almost something
droll or paradoxical about such an anecdote, and not because his wife-to-be's
celebrity exceeds his own.

"If I'm going to take second fiddle to someone, I'm going to take second fiddle
to my wife," he said.

Indeed, Sehorn met Harmon because his own mother, Nancy, was star-struck when
she came upon Harmon standing outside Giants Stadium after the Giants' opening
game last season. She approached Harmon, her son the cornerback in tow. Sehorn
and Harmon began dating a week later.

"I'm not going to compete with my spouse," said Sehorn, who plans to marry
Harmon next June. "That's not the problem."

No, there's a more pertinent twist: if only Sehorn could get more people to
think of him as "that football guy."

To some, the omnipresent Sehorn, who is easily the Giants' most popular player,
has become best known for everything but being a football player -- particularly
since he sat out most of the last two seasons with three serious leg injuries.

Telegenic, well-spoken and accessible, Sehorn has been a broadcaster, endorsed a
host of prominent products and charities, performed a few cameos on television
shows, posed for fashion magazines, and of course, proposed to Harmon in front
of the nation on "The Tonight Show."

That football guy, meanwhile, has played 10 games in the last 32 months.
Preparing for his first season-opening game in three years, against Arizona on
Sept. 3, Sehorn, who is 29 and in his seventh N.F.L. season, is approaching a
crossroads, and knows it.

"People have a lot of questions about me," Sehorn said. "I want to help answer
them. The facts are that my personal life, which was unsettled for quite a
while, now makes me happier than I've ever been. I've been here working out with
the team all winter, all spring and all summer. I can run as fast and jump as
high as I used to. There are tests to measure that.

"I'm not fooling myself and saying I'm the same player I was, because I'm not. I
don't have that swagger I used to have. I used to walk out and say, 'You're not
catching a pass today.' But everybody always wants to know if I'm going to be
the same. I tell them, 'I hope so.' But what I want to say is, 'In time, I will
be the same.' Because I feel it coming back."

Spend time with Sehorn and it becomes obvious just how regularly, hour by hour,
day by day, he is confronted by the distinction of his football past. At the
Giants' training camp in Albany earlier this month, Sehorn would spend 30
minutes to an hour daily signing autographs for fans -- many of them wearing his
No. 31 jersey -- and every minute or so he would be asked: Are you going to get
back to the way you were?

When he was done with the fans, reporters would ask a similar question: Can you
again be the player you were in 1997?

That year finished a two-season sequence in which Sehorn had 4 1/2 sacks and 11
interceptions, elevating him to the ranks of elite cornerbacks.

Standing in the shade outside the Giants' locker room after a recent practice --
that most fitting question probably still ringing in his ears after his usual
autograph session -- Sehorn was reminded of his acrobatic interception and
36-yard return in the Giants' last game of the 1997 season, the heart-breaking
playoff loss to Minnesota.

The play is still shown often as a highlight on football broadcasts, a series of
graceful yet athletic moves, ballet-like with a football gridiron for a stage,
and it serves as an ensemble of the gifts Sehorn once displayed.

Turning in midair to intercept the ball, Sehorn landed on one foot, then reached
down to brace himself with one hand, all while purposely and completely eluding
the intended receiver, Cris Carter, to avoid a pass interference penalty. Sehorn
then gathered the ball in and instantly reversed direction to weave up the field
through seven Vikings before he was finally tackled.

With that play in mind, Sehorn was asked yet again: Will Giants fans ever see
that Sehorn again?

"I could still do it physically," he answered. "But will I be in position to
leap up and grab it? That's the question. When I did that, I was coming off four
straight N.F.L. seasons with four straight training camps and hundreds of
practices under my belt. I knew instinctively, without thinking about it, how to
put myself in position to make that play.

"That's the difference. I can still do it. But have I played enough football,
practiced enough football, to be in the right position? It's getting there. I
had something like 28 practices all of last season. I've gone way past 28
practices already this year."

As for the idea that he has been distracted by his off-the-field interests and
activities, Sehorn called the notion weird.

"Why the speculation about that?" he asked. "Where's the concern? Are you
concerned or are you just bored and want to criticize someone? It's not like I
missed one game or one practice or one rehab session. I didn't ask for time off,
I had reconstructive knee surgery and a broken leg.

"I couldn't play football and I took advantage of every opportunity. Football is
an ability I have that is fleeting. I have other goals for my life."

Still, this spring, when the Giants convened for a three-day minicamp, Sehorn
occasionally looked indifferent, or heedless in his coverage of Giants wide
receivers. John Fox, the defensive coordinator, took him aside and reminded
Sehorn that practice mattered, that the team's star cornerback could not set an
example with less than his best at all times.

Sehorn agreed and has had a far more impressive preseason, though he did give up
a touchdown pass against the Jets last week.

"Another mental lapse," Sehorn said of the touchdown. "Exactly the kind of thing
I'm talking about -- I needed to be in better position to make the right play."

Fox said he believes Sehorn will make it all the way back to his 1997 form. "I
was just starting to see that when he broke his leg last December," Fox said. "I
was just starting to tell people, 'Jason is back.' "

Sehorn broke his leg during a game against the Jets last December, ending his
season. Sixteen months earlier in a preseason game against the Jets, he tore two
knee ligaments returning a game-opening kickoff.

Sehorn's absence has done little to stem his popularity with Giants fans. At the
concession stands at Giants training camp, there were five uniform numbers for
sale, but only one, No. 31, available in three colors: white, blue and red. And
the combination of Sehorn jerseys outsold all others by more than 2-1. Sehorn
shrugged when asked about why he is such a fan favorite.

"Well, I just spent 35 or 40 minutes signing autographs and talking to people,"
he said. "I talk to people all the time. I'm in no rush to get to the locker
room. Why? There are 30 kids out there with my jersey on. I can't walk past
them. I do the same thing on the street.

"I'm not a bad guy. I stay clear of the law. I stay clear of bad things. Do I
smile a lot? Yeah, I do. My mom taught me that being a good person is more
important than a career. I remember that."

He concedes he is naturally comfortable in the spotlight, and with Harmon by his
side many an evening, getting more and more exposed to it.

"I have a privileged life," Sehorn said. "But what am I apologizing for? I am
spending time with the person I am most comfortable with and enjoy more than
anyone else. But people should know that they can count on me when it comes time
to compete.

"Maybe a football player isn't who I am, but it's what I do. And in practice all
week, in meetings and especially on Sunday, that's all I do."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: The actress Angie Harmon, top, at the Giants' Albany training
camp last week. Above, her fiance, Jason Sehorn, talking with Giants Coach Jim
Fassel at practice on the same day. (Photographs by David Jennings for The New
York Times)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company

                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            November 23, 2012 Friday

The Spurs USA bring down the house at the Colonial Theatre

BYLINE: By Adam Poulisse, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


PITTSFIELD -- Since Johnny Cash and Patsy Cline represent the so-called "golden
age of country music," then Berkshire-based band The Spurs USA might just serve
as some sort of time capsule.

In a generation that has skewed the sound of country toward a more soft rock
medley, according to The Spurs USA's bass guitarist John Barrett, the
seven-member band fiddles, drums and strums through the covers of the more
restrained country tunes of the 50s and 60s.

"Make no mistake, we can rock out," Barrett said. "We just choose not to."

The Spurs USA was the headline act at a classic-country music show at The
Colonial Theater Friday night in downtown Pittsfield. The event, sponsored by
The Berkshire Eagle and Berkshire Bank, saluted current and former U.S. military
personnel.

About 600 people, many older, and many wearing 10-gallon cowboy hats and cowboy
boots, crowded the theater lobby, listening to a pre-show by members of the
local band Mountain Breeze, before taking their seats before the theater stage.

After opening remarks from The Berkshire Eagle's Publisher Andy Mick and
Colonial Theater Artistic Director Kate Maguire, three members of the Barnes
International Guard's 104th Fighter Wing presented the colors. Olivia Kinne sang
the national nnthem.

Then The Spurs USA took to the stage with a cover of Patsy Cline's "San Antonio
Rose," and started a night of many local musicians covering songs from musicians
including Cline, Cash, Hank Williams and Merle Haggard.

"We used to hear that when we were kids," said Bob Jones, a drummer and
vocalist. "Today's country music is way, way different from what you used to
hear."

The Spurs USA utilize the instruments that give the country music of
days-gone-by its iconic twang -- banjos and fiddles, for example. Paul Rice
plays the fiddle while also lending his vocals to the band.

"Some of it is basic improv," Rice said.

The other acts honored classic country just like The Spurs USA did. Beth
Maturevich and Randy Cormier, two of the six-person Whiskey City band from
Dalton, were clearly ready dressed to play some country. Maturevich covered many
of Cline's tunes, while Cormier did a medley of Cash's more popular tunes like
"Ring of Fire," "Walk the Line" and "Folsom Prison Blues."

"You just can't pick one," Cormier said. "This is a treat for sure."

Maturevich and Cormier also performed a duet of "Jackson," not unlike what Cash
and his wife, June Carter Cash, did.

"I was a tomboy when I was a kid," Maturevich said. "Merle Haggard, Johnny Cash
-- I was influenced by those boys."

Backstage, Cindy Rines was looking over her guitar, gearing up to play the
oft-covered "Peace in the Valley."

"It connects to anybody looking for hope," she said.

Peter Putnam of Great Barrington served as the drummer for both Rines and the
Cormier-Maturevich duos.

The country music industry was a lot more booming during Bobby Sweet's younger
days. The Washington native was set to perform several times throughout the
night using the country music skills he learned from his dad at Berkshire's peak
country time.

"It's not what it used to be," Sweet said. "It used to be that there'd be a
place playing country music every other mile."

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dona Federico and Dwight O'Neil, of The Spurs USA, perform in front of
a packed house at the Colonial Theatre in Pittsfield on Friday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            February 6, 2009 Friday

Folk duo to help celebrate Abe Lincoln's birthday;

BYLINE: JEFF KORBELIK Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: Pg. G9

LENGTH: 418 words


When Jay Ungar introduces "Ashokan Farewell," he sometimes jokingly refers to it
as "a Scottish lament written by a Jewish guy from the Bronx."

As fans of Ungar and his wife, Molly Mason, know, the song, which Ken Burns
featured extensively in his "Civil War" documentary, has become so much more.

"It seemed really important to me (when I wrote it)," Ungar said in a phone
interview to promote his and Mason's appearance next week at the city's Abraham
Lincoln Bicentennial Celebration, "but I didn't know how anybody else would
respond to it."

Ungar wrote the piece in 1982 after a fiddle and dance camp in Ashokan, a
community in the Catskill Mountains not far from Woodstock, N.Y. Ungar and Mason
have hosted a camp there since 1980. "I was kind of having a letdown, feeling
loss and longing," he said. "It had been such an idyllic camp, with the people
and the music." Ungar reached for his fiddle to express his feelings. "That tune
came to me fairly quickly," he said. Interestingly, he kept it to himself for
months because of how the tune affected him when he performed it.

"When I started playing it tears would come to my eyes," he said. "It was
entirely a personal thing. I didn't know what it was about. It made me nervous
about playing it for other people."

As he learned later, it wasn't just him.

"Over the years, I've gotten hundreds of letters and have had people come up to
me to talk about it," he said. "The same thing happened to many other people."

Ungar's band, Fiddle Fever, recorded the instrumental in 1983 for its second
album, "Waltz of Wind," with Mason coming up with the name.

Burns heard the album in 1984 and requested to use it for "Civil War." The music
is heard for nearly an hour of the 11-hour series.

So why does the piece connect with so many people?

"I've come to conclusion I'll never really know," Ungar said, laughing.

You can bet "Ashokan Farewell" will be a part of Ungar and Mason's concert. The
folk duo will make its third appearance in Lincoln, playing Thursday at the Lied
Center for Performing Arts.

The two were in Springfield, Ill., last weekend for another Abraham Lincoln
celebration. Lincoln lived in Springfield before leaving to become the nation's
16th president.

"It's interesting," Mason said. "This isn't anything we thought we would be
connected with had you asked us several years ago. Yet, we're happy to do it. We
feel very connected to the 19th century because we play so many tunes from
there."

Reach Jeff Korbelik at 473-7213 or jkorbelik@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2009 Thursday

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved

                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Sun (England)

                            March 22, 2006 Wednesday

Iron Mike's night out on the fiddle

BYLINE: Paddy Clancy

LENGTH: 142  words


LOCALS plan to give boxer Mike Tyson a toe-tapping welcome when he visits the
home of traditional fiddle music next Monday on his Irish tour.

The former world heavyweight champ is making the trip to Gurteen, Co Sligo, as
guest of hotel boss Marion Kane, a friend of Tyson's pal Joe Egan, the Irish
heavyweight boxer who organised the tour. Although Tyson is on a private visit
to friends, villagers hope he will visit the Coleman Irish Music Centre, a
memorial to Michael Coleman, said to be the greatest Irish fiddle player of all.

Gurteen still boasts dozens of skilled traditional fiddlers.

Marion said yesterday: "We hope he will be able to stay overnight. He may go
downstairs for a pint with the regulars in the pub."

Earlier this week Iron Mike, 39, was treated to an impromptu private performance
by Pete Doherty when they met in a Manchester hotel.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                            January 23, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Cajun beat is coming to city

BYLINE: Cheranne Hack

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 542 words


ALL swamp-life is welcome this weekend when the Gloucester Cajun and Zydeco
Festival sizzles into town.

The three -day event kicks off today at Gloucester Guildhall.

The annual Creole knees-up is the largest event of its kind in the UK and the
longest-running in Europe. There is no shortage of acts to tempt people into the
swamp this year. But one old-timer in particular is living proof that the
festival fever is infectious: Fiddler and accordionist Phil Underwood can be
found both on stage in his band The Creole Brothers, or holding zydeco dance
workshops this weekend.

But Phil was a stranger to the deep south until he was bitten by the bayou bug
himself at the festival in the early nineties.

Now a full-time musician, Phil has toured the world and even played at Bill
Bailey's Qualmpeddler tour at Wembley stadium.

"Playing accordion for Bill was incredible," said Phil.

"We had a death metal drummer and played Rage Against the Machine!" Phil was
totally swayed by the upbeat rhythms of Cajun music.

"Our music is a fusion of English folk music and Louisianan melodies; it's very
passionate and a lot of fun," said Phil. But there is more to it.

"The Cajun life is hard, they work hard and don't have much," he said."The
lyrics and songs can be tragic but it's music you can sing your heart out to."

The Hotfoot Specials and The Dough Boys will get the party started on Friday,
passing the baton to The Zydeco Diamonds, David Greely and Phil's Creole
Brothers band for Saturday's entertainment.

The Boat Band and the Bon Temp Playboys are set to play out the weekend on
Sunday and the Swamp Rock DJs will be playing between bands.

And if you have ever considered playing the fiddle Southern-style, then step
right up; the legendary David Greely himself will be leading a fiddle workshop
on Sunday morning. Four-time Grammy award nominee David is internationally
recognised as one of the finest living exponents of the Cajun fiddle.

Born in Louisiana, he co-founded the highly acclaimed Mamou Playboys and was
their lead fiddle for more than 10 years.

There will also be dance workshops throughout the weekend and plenty of chowder,
jumbalaya and other flavours of the south will be on offer from nearby Cafe
Rene.

Famed for bringing the best bands and musicians from around the world to the
city, the festival is effectively, one long party weekend of music, dancing,
workshops, and authentic Cajun cuisine Now in its 22nd year, the festival was
founded by Pat Roberts and Louis Hawkins back in 1993. The pair were inspired by
a mutual love of Cajun music and a fascination surrounding Cajun dance.

From its humble beginnings as a one-day event, the festival has flourished and
grown and now attracts an international following to Gloucester. With its
unrivalled mix of music and dance rooted in the traditions of America's Deep
South, this year's festival promises to be the perfect foil for a miserable
January. So forget about weatherbombs and wellies, and hotfoot it to the
Guildhall.

Tickets cost £25 tonight and £30 tomorrow and Sunday. Weekend tickets are £60.
Call Gloucester Guildhall on 01452 503050. Over 14s only.

Cheranne Hack

"Our music is a fusion of English folk music and Louisianan melodies; it's very
passionate and a lot of funPhil Underwood

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Gloucester Cajun and Zydeco Festival is coming to Gloucester
Guildhall

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLE


                      Copyright 2015 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved

                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           September 27, 2011 Tuesday

Saddle up for SNMSF fun

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 845 words


LAS CRUCES - Saddle up and head west.

The Southern New Mexico State Fair heads out of the chute today, promising a
wild ride for farmers and families alike.

From the midway to the barns, craft exhibits to critters, it's the annual
showcase for all things agricultural in Southern New Mexico.

The fair, which continues through Sunday at the Southern New Mexico Fairgrounds,
features country-western stars, a carnival, concessions, a family circus,
professional cowboys, champion livestock and lots more.

"We're expecting over 50,000 to come to the fair this year," said Brady Reno,
the event's interim executive director.

Daily shows include an antique tractor show, local bands, magician Jamie O' Hara
and horsemanship demonstrations. The Turquoise ProRodeo Circuit Finals, billed
as the most important rodeo in New Mexico and Arizona, will determine qualifiers
for the National Circuit Finals Rodeo in Oklahoma City, Okla. And the Miss
Turquoise Circuit Pageant begins Thursday with a Saturday coronation.

Here's a peek at the best offerings the annual roundup has to offer.

Tunes and talent:

The Yarbrough Band, 9 p.m. Thursday.

This Las Cruces-based group offers classic country and rock with Jacy Yarbrough,
fiddle, Dawson Yarbrough, guitar, Jason Yarbrough, bass, Mike "HammerHead"
Heath, drums, and Milagros Guillen, fiddle. All the members join in on vocals.
Jayla Danielle at 9 p.m. and Kyle Park at 10 p.m. Friday.

Friday's headliner, Austin-born singer-songwriter-guitarist Kyle Park's albums
include "Anywhere in Texas" and his newest, "Make Or Break Me." His singles
generating radio play include "Tossin' and Turnin'," "Baby I'm Gone,"
"Somebody's Trying to Steal My Heart," "Big Time" and "Half Empty Shotgun."

Crooked Beaver Creek at 9 p.m. and Josh Abbott Band at 10 p.m. Saturday.The
Dallas-based Josh Abbott Band includes Abbott on vocals and acoustic guitar,
Preston Wait, fiddle and electric guitar, Edward Villanueva, drums and "comic
relief," James Hertless, bass, and Caleb Keeter, electric guitar. Since their
2008 debut album "Scapegoat," the band has gone to tour throughout the United
States, playing over 250 shows annually.


What's new:

Boost Mobile FreestyleMX: features X-Games gold medalists and the top riders in
freestyle motocross performing tricks 40 feet in the air over a 75-foot gap.

Big Cats Rescue Show: Big Cat Rescue Entertainment is a nonprofit educational
outreach effort that seeks to educate the public about the dangers of owning
exotic pets and seeks to preserve their environment and protect endangered
species.

Crazy hat competition: Take your creation for the Crazy Hat Contest to the
Veteran's Building at the fairgrounds from 10 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. Monday for a
chance to win a fair ribbon yourself. It's $5 for the first hat and $10 for each
additional entry. There will be three age categories, and the contest is open to
anybody age 5 or over.


Saddle up:

The Turquoise Circuit Rodeo,although not the largest rodeo, in the state, does
decide who qualifies for the National Circuit Finals Rodeo in Oklahoma City,
Oklahoma, with many world champions vying for that privilege.

For those true to the saddle, the action kicks off at 7 p.m. Thursday through
Saturday.


Need for speed:

Once again, your ticket also gets you into the Southern New Mexico Speedway,
which is offering Fair Nights on Friday and Saturday, with enough octane to keep
you hauling toward the finish line.


Crafts and critters:

Whether it's a quick stop to pet a bunny or goose a goat, the critters are an
integral part of the SNMSF experience. Make sure to stop by the barns to visit
with hardworking FFA and 4-H students from across the state who have spent
months raising the best animals around.

As always, judging and shows continue through the weekend, culminating in a Jr.
Livestock sale at 6 p.m. Friday.

Quilters, crafters and canners will be displaying traditional wares throughout
the week as well, offering a chance to glimpse the skills that were necessary in
settling the Southwest.


Grab some grub:

What's a trip to the fair without a handful of food-on-a-stick? If you can eat
it on the go, you can grab it on the midway. Whether you crave corn-on-the-cob
or fancy a funnelcake, bring a few extra bucks and belly-up to the booth for
your favorite fair treats.


If you go:

What: Southern New Mexico State Fair and Rodeo

When: 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Wednesday and Thursday, 8 a.m. to midnight Friday and
Saturday, 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sunday

Carnival and midway hours: 5 to 10 p.m. Wednesday and Thursday, 5 p.m. to
midnight Friday, noon to midnight Saturday, 1 to 6 p.m. Sunday

Veterans Exhibit Building: 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Wednesday and Thursday, 9 a.m. to 10
p.m. Friday and Saturday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday

Where: 12 miles west of Las Cruces on Interstate 10, exits 132 and 127

How much: 6 and under free. Weekday special, 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Wednesday,
Thursday and Friday, $5 for ages 7 and up. After 2 p.m. and Saturday and Sunday:
$10 for 13 and up, $8 ages 7 to 11

Info: (575) 524-8602, snmstatefair.com

Other: Bring extra money for carnival rides, food treats and midway souvenirs.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                              July 12, 2004 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Legend's fiddle returns home

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: HALIFAX


HALIFAX (CP) -- A fiddle that once belonged to Canadian folk icon Don Messer
sold for a song at a Halifax auction Sunday.

"I'm just shaking," said lifelong Messer fan Della Gillespie, whose $8,000 bid
landed her the prized instrument.

The 84-year-old Gillespie of St. Stephen, N.B., won the bidding war at the 55th
Maritime Fiddle Festival.

An emotional Gillespie was thrilled to be holding a piece of Canadian history
for what she considered to be a bargain price. She said she'd expected it to
fetch $40,000 or more.

Gillespie recalled the first time she saw Messer and his Islanders play in New
Brunswick in 1934 when she was just 14 years old.

"My mother didn't want me going, she said I was too young to be around the
dancing," she said.

"But I was right head over heels with it, and I could dance some then," said
Gillespie, demonstrating a step or two as she held the hand of the fiddle's last
owner, violin teacher Judy Berry of California.

Berry got the fiddle in 1998 from the Halifax Folklore Centre, where it had just
been consigned by Messer's eldest daughter.

Messer was given the 1920 Stradivarius copy in 1968 by fellow fiddling sensation
Graham Townsend. As Berry played it one last time Sunday, she said a feeling had
grown in her that the instrument needed to go home.

"It belongs in the Maritimes," Berry said to Gillespie. "I'm so glad someone
like you has it."

Gillespie bought the fiddle as a gift for a friend who is related to Messer and
still lives in the area of New Brunswick where the late musician was born.

"Here's something that might sound familiar to you," said renowned fiddler Ivan
Hicks told the crowd Sunday as he picked up the Messer violin just before the
auction began.

Toes began tapping and applause rang out as the crowd of about 150 immediately
recognized the first notes of the theme song to the Messer show.

For Gillespie, and many Canadians, Messer's fiddle is a symbol of a bygone era.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: CP; Don Messer, left, plays his violin accompanied by Marg Osburne and
Charlie Chamberlain around the microphone in this August 1948 photo from
Charlottetown, P.E.I. The fiddle that once rested under the chin of music-legend
Messer sold at auction for $8,000. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved

                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             May 22, 2008 Thursday

Pairing up on the fiddle

BYLINE: Susan Welsh

SECTION: FEATURES; MUSIC; Others; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 467 words


THE latest Tune Up tour brings together three international duos, each with an
outstanding fiddle player.

But what is unusual about Fiddle Rendezvous is that it doesn't just celebrate
the music of Scotland, Ireland and the US, but, as well as showcasing their own
distinctive brand of music, the duos will collaborate with each other, in
various combinations, to create a melting pot of sound.

Those taking part in the tour, which visits the MacPhail Theatre, Ullapool,
tonight and An Lanntair, Stornoway, tomorrow night include Bruce Molsky, Mary
Ann Kennedy, Gerry O'Connor, Gilles le Bigot and siblings Mike and Ali Vass.

Bruce is an internationally renowned old-time fiddle player and singer based in
New York State, whose music is inspired by his lengthy residence in Virginia.
New York-born Bruce will team up with Mary Ann Kennedy - their first
collaboration was at Celtic Connections last year - and is a familiar face on
the BBC's Transatlantic Sessions.

The multi-instrumentalist's love and knowledge of the American heartland's
musical traditions is shared in Mary Ann's repertoire. Gaelic musician and
broadcaster Mary Ann is the daughter of Gaelic singing guru Kenna Campbell.

Making a rare appearance in Scotland is Gerry O'Connor, who is a leading Irish
fiddle player from a musical dynasty in Dundalk, an area which has a distinctive
playing style. Gerry has a mastery of many different Irish fiddling styles. His
creative partnership is with self-taught French guitarist Gilles le Bigot, a
superb musician from Brittany with a distinctive style.

Two of Scotland's top young players complete the sextet. Twins Mike and Ali
Vass, from Nairn, form a fiddle and piano partnership that's full of exuberance,
skill and dynamism.

The duo made their first public appearance in 1995 aged 11, and three years
later supported American banjo wizard Alison Brown at Celtic Connections.

As a young fiddle player, Mike is rapidly making a considerable name for
himself, having already featured twice in the finals of the BBC Radio Scotland
Young Traditional Musician of the Year.

This is the seventh and penultimate Tune Up tour of this season and it will
provide audiences with the chance to enjoy the contrasting styles of three
outstanding fiddle players and their musical partners.

Commenting on the tour, Ian Smith, head of music at the Scottish Arts Council,
said: "This tour is a great example of what Tune Up is all about - musical
collaboration between some of the best Scottish and international musicians
while showcasing great up-and-coming acts like the Vass twins. "

Tickets for Fiddle Rendezvous are available from Macphail Theatre, Mill Street,
Ullapool. Call 01854 613336 or visit www.macphailcentre.co.uk For An Lanntair,
Kenneth Street, Stornoway, call 01851 703307 or visit www.thebooth.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2008 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             August 7, 2006 Monday
                                Michigan Edition

Fiddle Fest is special for down-home music

BYLINE: By DENISE PERRY DONAVIN, Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 504 words


BERRIEN SPRINGS -- Fiddlers from age 7 to 70-plus gathered at the seventh annual
Shady Grove Fiddle Fest last month to listen, learn and share traditional tunes.

For Anne Hills, it was a reason to come home.

In the middle of her set as featured performer, Hills spoke of her joy.

"When I participate in a festival like this, I feel like I am part of a musical
collage -- with a dog barking and a young fiddler in the background."

Formerly from St. Joseph, Mich., she is the daughter of David and Margaret
Hills.

She now lives in Bethlehem, Pa., and has recently completed her master's degree
in social work.

Her amazing voice filled the park and the sun finally shone through on a stormy
afternoon that kept crowds down to the most devoted fiddle fans and competitors.

Hills sang from her new album based on the journals of turn-of-the-century
writer Opal Whiteley.

She explained that she was inspired after reading "The Singing Creek Where the
Willows Grow: The Mystical Nature Diary of Opal Whiteley," by Benjamin Hoff.

Hills has also made a theater presentation, funded by a grant, of Opal Whitely's
work, as well as an album called Beauty Attends.

Sharing the stage with Hills as featured performers were Rum Dummies (Rick
Willey, Bob Flood, Dan Geib and Mark Albers) and Lakeview Drive (Bob Nelson,
Mark Combs, Jerry McLane and Sioux Richards-McLane).

Willey taught the fiddling workshop in the afternoon and Hills taught the
songwriting workshop.

"Anne is an internationally known performer, and has 20 albums recorded," said
John Sprague, an old family friend who was glad to visit with Hills between her
stage and workshop presentations.

"Anne is also a composer," mentioned Pat Steenbergh, a self-described blue-grass
fan.

"In the songwriting workshop, she talked about how to compose the words to a
favorite tune or to write the music then find a poem that fits it."

He enjoyed watching the competitions among fiddlers.

"You can tell which performers the people like best as the tap tap tap of their
feet or slap slap slap of hands picks up the beat and carries it through the
crowd," he said.

Hills enjoyed the competition, too.

"The best part of the day is seeing the children play," said Hills.

"I wish more people would attend just to watch the amazing talent of these kids.
Can you imagine the difference it would make to the children?"

The Woodring family from Niles made their first visit to Fiddle Fest, with three
of the four kids competing in the fiddle sections.

Twelve-year-old Mariah took a first place in the pre-teen fiddle section and her
brother Eric, 14, took third among the teen fiddlers.

They said they would definitely come back again.

Registration organizer Dee Bennett said she has seen amazing talent launch from
this fest and bloom into award winners and nationally recognized performers.

The Shady Grove Fiddle Fest Organization in Southwest Michigan encourages the
education and preservation of traditional music for musicians of all ages.

More information is available at the Web site: www.shadygrovefiddlefest.org.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Featured performer Anne Hills catches up with longtime family friend
John Sprague at the Fiddle Fest in Berrien Springs. Tribune Photos/DENISE PERRY
DONAVIN
Instructor Duane Westling gives some tips to 9-year-old Lars Krebs, left, of St.
Joseph, and his brother, Bjorn.     Fiddle Fest winners Winners at the seventh
annual Shady Grove Fiddle Fest included:   Youth guitar: 1. Ian Mason of St.
Joseph. 2. Andrew Kutzner. 3. Dawson Laney.   Senior guitar: Dan Gellert of
Elkhart. 2. Kevin Lockhart. 3. Steve Rosen.   Senior banjo: 1. Steve Rosen of
Chicago. 2. Dan Gellert. 3. Greg Schoff.   Junior fiddle: 1. Cody Flood of St.
Joseph. 2. Eduardo Breja. 3. Hadassah Schnepp.   Pre-teen fiddle: 1. Mariah
Woodring of Niles. 2. David Wegscheid. 3. Patricia Schlutt.   Teen fiddle: 1.
Andrew Kutzner of St. Joseph. 2. Sarah Dowell. 3. Eric Woodring.   Senior
fiddle: 1. Steve Rosen of Chicago. 2. Dan Gellert. 3. Richard Whitfield.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             March 13, 2012 Tuesday

West Region: West just might be best with Spartans, Tigers

BYLINE: By Jay Drew The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS; College Sports

LENGTH: 423 words


Anybody who followed the Big Ten men's basketball season in 2011-12 already knew
it was a special league, with five teams among the top 15 most of the season in
The Associated Press Top 25 rankings. Then Michigan State went out and won that
conference's tournament, topping Ohio State in Sunday's championship game to
earn a No. 1 seed.

The Spartans' presence in the NCAA Tournament West Region, coupled with
second-seeded Missouri on the bottom half of the bracket, makes the West one of
the stronger regions in the big dance this year. Missouri played second fiddle
to Kansas most of the season, just as MSU played second fiddle to OSU and
Michigan, but the Tigers and Spartans enter the NCAAs as two of the hottest
teams.

The state of Utah's only team to make the tournament this year, BYU, is also in
the West Region -- almost. The Cougars (25-8) must beat Iona (25-7) in a "First
Four" game in Dayton, Ohio, on Tuesday to move into a Thursday matchup in
Louisville with No. 4 seed Marquette.

Coincidentally, the West Region features the two programs which have had the
most NCAA Tournament appearances without making it to the Final Four: BYU (26
times) and Missouri (24 times).

Marquette (25-7) earned the No. 3 seed in the West. The Golden Eagles fell 84-71
to eventual Big East tournament champion Louisville in the quarterfinals and are
coached by Buzz Williams, a good friend of BYU's Rose.

Speaking of Louisville, coach Rick Pitino's red-hot club will also spice up the
West Region. The Cardinals (26-9) lost three of their last four Big East
regular-season games, but won four straight to claim that tough league's
tournament title.

University of Utah fans have a team to pull for in this region, and we're
obviously not talking about BYU. Former Utes coach Rick Majerus takes his 25-7
Saint Louis club to Columbus, Ohio, to face No. 8 seed Memphis on Friday.

Majerus' tournament acumen will be tested, though, because Memphis is one of the
hottest teams in the country. And the winner, most likely, will face Michigan
State in a third-round game. Alt Heads:

The West just might be the best Midwest regional schedule

First round -- All games on CBS, TruTV, TNT, TBS

Friday, at Columbus, Ohio

» Michigan State vs. LIU-Brooklyn, TBA

» Memphis vs. Saint Louis, TBA

Thursday, at Portland, Ore.

» New Mexico vs. Long Beach State, TBA

» Louisville vs. Davidson, TBA

Thursday, at Louisville, Ky.

» Murray State vs. Colorado State, TBA

» Marquette vs. BYU/Iona winner, TBA

Friday, at Omaha, Neb.

» Florida vs. Virginia, TBA

» Missouri vs. Norfolk State, TBA

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald-Palladium, St. Joseph, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 14, 2010 Thursday

Musical convergence spawns folk band

BYLINE: Jeremy D. Bonfiglio, The Herald-Palladium, St. Joseph, Mich.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 858 words


Jan. 14--SOUTH HAVEN -- Stash Wyslouch, Andy Reiner, Bronwyn Bird and Mariel
Vandersteel were taking a bus to their first open mike night when they realized
they didn't have a band name.

"It's a little bit random," Bird says by telephone from Boston. "We picked
'Moose' because at the time we were playing a lot of tunes from northern
countries and 'Blue' because we were playing a lot of minor and dark tunes. Then
there was a woman on the bus with lots of buttons and we starting talking about
buttons and zippers."

By the time the foursome arrived at their destination, Blue Moose and the
Unbuttoned Zippers was born. Four years later, the acoustic ensemble -- made up
former and current students at the Berklee College of Music -- has become a
staple in the Boston-area folk scene. Tonight they will make their debut at
Foundry Hall in South Haven.

"When we first started as a group we drew a lot from our different musical
backgrounds and really stuck close to the traditions of each of those," Bird
says. "Now, as a group, we've really learned how to use those traditions to
create original tunes influenced by each of our backgrounds."

The group's combination of Scandinavian, American old time folk, jazz and
bluegrass is infused with modern rhythms and arrangements that are largely
informed by an unlikely mix of instruments. Bird plays the accordion and the
ethereal nyckelharpa, the traditional bowed stringed instrument from Sweden.
Reiner plays the five-string fiddle and is rooted in the music of Cape Breton.
Vandersteel, a fiddler who has studied traditional music in Ireland, also plays
the hardanger fiddle, the traditional string instrument of Norway. And Wyslouch,
a former heavy metal guitarist, takes inspiration from hip hop and funk to bring
a driving sense of rhythm and groove to the band.

"Since we have three fiddle/bass instruments that are basically in the same
range we have to get really creative with our arrangements," Reiner says. "We
have to think like a string quartet so we don't step on each other's toes. That
means a fiddle won't just play a melodic role. There's all sorts of things we
have to figure out to make it sound like really developed music as opposed to
just three fiddles and a guitar."

Although the foursome formed at Berklee, Wyslouch and Reiner first played music
together in high school.

"The reason I started playing guitar was because of Metallica and bands like
Pantera," Wyslouch says. "I was mainly a heavy metal guitarist until 18 or 19
when I picked up an acoustic guitar thanks to Andy's influence."

Reiner, who grew up playing in his family's band, spent the bulk of his
childhood attending fiddle camps where he was exposed to myriad styles of folk
and contemporary music. His penchant for various fiddle styles brought Blue
Moose and the Unbuttoned Zippers together.

"At Berklee, Bronwyn and I each started playing separately with Andy,"
Vandersteel says. "Once we started playing together we realized that we were all
looking for more musical adventures. So we decided to look for them as a band."

Vandersteel grew up playing traditional Irish, Scottish and Quebecois music at
contra dances, toured with Alasdair Fraser and the San Francisco Scottish
Fiddlers, while Bird, who grew up performing in musical theater, discovered the
nyckelharpa as a teenager.

"I went to a Swedish dance class and the people teaching the class brought in
the instrument to show the kind of music that would be played for dancing," Bird
says. "I just fell in love with it. I moved to Sweden for a year to study it and
actually built the instrument that I currently play."

Although Blue Moose and the Unbuttoned Zippers have penned originals such as
"Burbank Street" and "Welcome to My Cave," it's their modern arrangements on
traditional folk tunes such as "Brushy Run, "Sail Away Ladies" and "Ole Slew
Foot" that has garnered the most attention.

"Whether we're working on a traditional tune or an original composition there's
always a seed for an arrangement based on our unique instrumentation," Wyslouch
says. "That idea can be a groove or a little interlude. We just bring it to the
group and see where it develops. It's basically a very organic process."

The band, which recorded a three-song EP in 2007, will head into the studio in
March to record their first full-length CD. The project, tentatively titled
"Roust About," will be produced by fiddler and songwriter Laura Cortese.

"We all have musical paths in different genres, so as a band we like to explore
where traditional music is going," Vandersteel says. "We are constantly trying
to explore how that's changing and what we can add to that in a more
contemporary style, and I think that will be reflected on our CD."

To see more of The Herald-Palladium or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thechronicle.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Herald-Palladium, St.
Joseph, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100114-ZJ-MUSIC-BAND-20100114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZJ


                                 Copyright 2010

                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Tony Trischka Band and Hot Mustard to be at Next Stage

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 410 words


PUTNEY - Next Stage Arts Project and Twilight Music present International
Bluegrass Music Association Banjo Player of the Year Tony Trischka and his band,
plus and double banjo bluegrass quartet Hot Mustard at Next Stage on Friday,
Aug. 22 at 7:30 p.m. In a consistently adventurous musical career that spans
nearly half a century, Tony Trischka has established himself as one of America's
foremost visionaries of the five-string banjo and perhaps the most influential
banjo player in the roots music world. Widely regarded as the most innovative
banjoist of his generation.

He has been a key figure in opening the banjo and acoustic music in general to
wider influences, having shared the stage and studio with the likes of Steve
Martin, David Grisman, John Denver, The Boston Pops, Jorma Kaukonen, Sam Bush,
Chris Thile, Peter Rowan, Earl Scruggs and countless others. He has appeared on
"Late Night with David Letterman," Garrison Keillor's "A Prairie Home Companion"
and "Mountain Stage," and is featured on the soundtrack of the film "Driving
Miss Daisy' and the theme song of the NPR show "Books on the Air." Tony embraces
all manner of possibilities, while keeping one foot firmly planted in the
traditional bluegrass roots that first inspired him to make music.

Tony's band includes Grant Gordy (guitar), who has played with David Grisman;
Mike Barnett (fiddle), recently of the Deadly Gentlemen; and sought-after
session musician and ensemble player, Ethan Jodziewicz (bass).

Jenny Brook Bluegrass Festival band competition winner Hot Mustard features
hard-driving double banjos, close harmonies and old-time fiddle tunes, all hot
and spicy. The Vermont/New Hampshire-based quartet includes Bruce Stockwell
(banjo, vocals), April Hobart (guitar, vocals), Bill Jubett (banjo, fiddle,
vocals) and Kelly Stockwell (acoustic bass). Bruce Stockwell is a member of
newgrass/folk trio The Stockwell Brothers, and the winner of the 2005 Merlefest
bluegrass banjo contest.

Next Stage is located in the former United Church at 15 Kimball Hill in downtown
Putney. Tickets are $20 advance / $22 at the door. For information, call
802-387-0102. Advance tickets are available at www.nextstagearts.org , Turn It
Up in Brattleboro and Offerings Jewelry in Putney. JD McCliment's Pub will
provide a beer and wine cash bar at the concert. For more information, visit
www.tonytrischka.com , www.hotmustardbluegrass.com , www.www.nextstagearts.org
and www.twilightmusic.org .

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             May 18, 2006 Thursday

Sanctuary hosts fiddler Lissa Schneckenburger

BYLINE: Entertainment

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 295 words


BRATTLEBORO -- The Acoustic Music Series at Sanctuary: Hooker-Dunham Theater
presents an evening of traditional New England fiddle tunes and folk songs,
mixed with some original and contemporary music, by fiddler and singer Lissa
Schneckenburger, on Friday, at 8 p.m.

Corey DiMario (Crooked Still) on double bass and Matt Heaton on guitar round out
the band.

Schneckenburger grew up in Maine as an active member of the folk music and dance
community. While embracing diverse musical influences and graduating from The
New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, she still stays true to her New
England roots. Her newest CD, on her own Footprint Records label, shows just
that. It's a rich and cohesive mix of traditional and original material brought
together by the warm tones of her fiddle and sweet vocals throughout.

Schneckenburger has performed as a fiddler and vocalist throughout the United
States, as well as in Russia, Holland, Belgium, Denmark and Canada. She has
opened for artists such as master Scottish fiddler Alasdair Fraser, renowned
singer Judy Collins, songwriter Richard Thompson, Skyedance and Karen Casey. A
champion fiddler, she has taken top awards at contests across New England and
has studied with such top bowmen as Fraser, Greg Boardman, Jay Ungar and jazz
artist Matt Glazer.

"The bulk of the music I play could be described as a New England fiddle style,"
says Schneckenburger. "But I've been influenced by plenty of other traditional
music along the way -- French Canadian, Scottish, Irish, Cape Breton, old-time
and klezmer."

Sanctuary: Hooker-Dunham Theater is at 139 Main St. Tickets are $12 general, $10
for students and seniors. For reservations and information, call (802) 254-9276.
For information, visit www.yellowcarmusic.com/lissa .

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                               May 1, 2006 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

State of superlatives;
Will key lime pie join a growing rostr of state symbols ranging from the sublime
(the Florida panther) to the obscure (agatized coral)?

BYLINE: By MARK ZALOUDEK mark.zaloudek@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: FLORIDA WEST; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 830 words


While state lawmakers wrangle over how much to spend for education, health care,
environmental protection and new roads, they're not too busy to think about
dessert.

Specifically, they're considering whether to designate key lime pie as the
official state pie.

If key lime takes the cake, to the dismay of the folks who are nuts about pecan
pie, it will join other state titleholders that range from the sublime to the
obscure.

It's easy to understand why lawmakers designated the Florida panther as the
state animal in 1982 after it received the most votes in an election by
schoolchildren statewide.

But do we really need a state fiddle contest?

State lawmakers hardly felt they were fiddle-faddling around when they approved
bills in the House and Senate in 1989 naming the annual fiddling event at the
Stephen Foster State Folk Culture Center in White Springs as Florida's official
fiddle contest.

Key lime pie doesn't appear to be a pie-in-the-sky proposal on lawmakers' plates
this year, despite Senate President Tom Lee's tart assessment, according to
Tallahassee reporters Lloyd Dunkelberger and Joe Follick.

"I do not like key lime pie," the Republican from Brandon was quoted as saying.
"But I love the crust. And I will sit and surgically remove the crust from key
lime pie at the most sophisticated, upscale, black-tie event and leave a puddle
of key lime on the plate."

His distaste didn't sour his vote, however, when it passed overwhelmingly in the
Senate last month.

As a sign of things to come, Lee added: "I expect to hear from the marmalade
lobby anytime now."

The key lime pie bill now faces House approval, but not before Rep. Ken
Littlefield, R-Dade City, tacked on a rider seeking to designate the flamingo as
the state symbol.

Here's a primer on Florida's other state symbols, which date back to 1868.

State motto: "In God We Trust" (1868).

State flower: orange blossom (1909).

On the Web

Quiz your friends on their knowledge of Florida at www.heraldtribune.com

State song: Stephen Foster's "Old Folks at Home" (1935). Perhaps you know it
better as "Way down upon the Swanee River ... "

State tree: sabal palm, aka, cabbage palm (1953).

State beverage: orange juice (1967).

State shell: horse conch (1969).

State wildflower: coreopsis (1970).

State poetry day: May 25. Lawmakers in 1947 decreed that May 25 of each year
shall be "Poetry Day in all ... public schools." Nowadays, some schools close
for summer before that date.

State nickname: The Sunshine State (1970). Catchy, but not necessarily accurate.
In a 2004 report, the National Weather Service concluded that five other states
are sunnier: Arizona, California, Nevada, New Mexico and Texas.

State saltwater mammal: dolphin (1975). Lawmakers designated the manatee the
"state marine mammal" the same year.

State freshwater fish: Florida large-mouth bass (1975). That same year,
lawmakers also designated the Atlantic sailfish as the state saltwater fish.

State stone: agatized coral (1979). Not quite sure what that is? Here's the
state's definition: "A chalcedony pseudomorph after coral, appearing as
limestone geodes lined with botrydoidal agate or quartz crystal, and drusy
quartz fingers, indigenous to Florida."

State art museum: John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art (1980). The circus
magnate donated his art museum and waterfront mansion in Sarasota to the people
of Florida upon his death in 1936. The museum complex was operated by a
state-appointed board of trustees from its opening day in 1946 until 2000, when
its governance was transferred to Florida State University.

State reptile: American alligator (1987).

State soil: Myakka fine sand (1989). It's described as "sandy, siliceous,
hyperthermic Aeric haplaquods." The bill approved by lawmakers claimed that
Myakka fine sand had more acreage (800,000) mapped than any other soil in the
state. Sponsors advocated that "by officially designating a state soil,
Floridians are saying that they have a valuable heritage to protect and
conserve."

State moving image center: The Louis Wolfson II Media History Center, Miami
(1989).

State band: The St. John's River City Band (1990).

State rodeo: The Silver Spurs Rodeo, Kissimmee (1994).

State butterfly: zebra longwing (1996).

State fruit: orange (2005). The orange beat out grapefruit and key limes thanks
to a group of fourth-graders at Sarasota's Southside Elementary, who began
lobbying for oranges as the state fruit in 2004. Gov. Jeb Bush paid the students
a visit when he signed the bill into law last year.

State bird: mockingbird (1927).

State gem: moonstone (1970). Oddly enough, the moonstone isn't found in Florida.
But that didn't stop lawmakers from naming it the official state gem after two
astronauts who took part in the second mission to the moon from Cape Canaveral
appeared before the Legislature. The bill approved by lawmakers describes
moonstone as "a transparent or translucent feldspar of pearly or opaline
luster."

On the Web

Quiz your friends on their knowledge of Florida at www.heraldtribune.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 9
 STAFF PHOTO / NINA GREIPEL / MELISSA RIVENBURGH (key lime pie) (zebra longwing
butterfly) (mockingbird) ("David" statue at Ringling Museum) (orange sections)
(American alligator) (sabal palm tree) (horse conch shell) (coreopsis)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.

                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Weiser Signal American (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 1, 2015

Adult and young adult winners named

BYLINE: Weiser Signal American staff

LENGTH: 270  words


Megan Lynch-Chowning, 40, took first place in the adult division Saturday at the
National Oldtime Fiddlers' Contest in Weiser.

Lynch-Chowning calls Goodlettsville, Term., home. She is a musician, fiddle
teacher and camp director when she is not competing at the NOTFC and other
contests.

She also served as a judge during this year's swing fiddling competition at the
NOTFC. Lynch-Chowning is a six-time national fiddle champion (in several age
groups) as well as a California, Minnesota and Kentucky state champion. She won
the Bluegrass Music Association award for album of the year and spent four years
as the touring and studio fiddler for country legends Pam Tillis and Lorrie
Morgan.

Runner-up in the adult division was Vi Wickam, 39 of Fort Collins, Colo. Nancy
Padilla, 57, of Bozeman, Mont., took third place. Padilla and her daughter,
Natalie Koobs, also took first place in the swing fiddling division. Gayla
Bollinger, 39, of Boise finished fourth and Cody Stadelmaier, 43, of Fort
Collins, Colo., rounded out the top five in the adult division.

It was a good contest showing this year for Natalie Koob, a 26 year old from
Frisco, Colo., who won in two divisions at the NOTFC. Koob won the young adult
division on Saturday. She also is the daughter of fiddler Nancy Padilla, and
together the two won the swing fiddling division at NOTFC this year on June 24.

Coming in second place in the young adult division was Tabitha Snell, 18, of
Rigby, followed by Josiah Nelson, 18, of Windsor, Colo., in third place. Shelby
Rae Russell, 20, of Ammon, Idaho, finished fourth and Kian Dye, 19, of Portland,
Ore., came in fifth.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEI

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 Weiser Signal American

                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     November 24, 1992, Tuesday, 1* EDITION

'King of country,' Roy Acuff dies at 89

BYLINE: AP; REUTER

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 588 words

DATELINE: Nashville


op;3.ROY ACUFF, whose fancy fiddle playing and stirring songs like The Wabash
Cannonball earned him the title "the king of country music," died today, a
hospital announced. He was 89.

Acuff, who had been in hospital several times in recent months, most recently
Oct. 30, died of congestive heart failure, Baptist Hospital said in a statement.

Acuff joined the Grand Ole Opry in 1938 and became the greatest star in the
fabled history of the country music show. When not playing the fiddle, he did
snappy yo-yo tricks for audiences.

He was best known for two hits recorded early in his career, The Wabash
Cannonball and The Great Speckled Bird. In the 1970s and 1980s he was well-known
as a regular on TV's Hee Haw. But his enduring acclaim came from his longtime
appearances on the Grand Ole Opry, where he performed nearly every Friday and
Saturday with his band, The Smoky Mountain Boys.

"I never dreamed of anything like this," he once said. "I was only trying to get
well-known enough to do some road shows. All I really wanted to do was just make
enough money to live on."

While country music gradually took on the trappings of pop and rock music, he
stuck with his traditional style and shunned electric instruments. Instead, his
band normally consisted of fiddles, dobros, acoustic guitars, pianos and
harmonicas.

Acuff suffered heart trouble in 1984 and was twice treated in hospital. He did
not perform at the Opry for five months. He suffered a heart attack in 1976, but
returned after recovering. Even into the 1990s, he appeared just about every
weekend on the show, though his eyesight and hearing were poor.

Acuff was born Sept. 15, 1903, in Maynardville in the east Tennessee hills, son
of a Baptist minister. He originally yearned for a baseball career and didn't
sing professionally until he was almost 30.

Over the years, he sold more than 25 million records with hits like Wreck on the
Highway, Fireball Mail, Night Train to Memphis, Low and Lonely, and Pins and
Needles. In 1962, he became the first living person inducted into the Country
Music Hall of Fame.

Pop hitmaker Bobby Russell dies at 52

Associated Press

NASHVILLE - Bobby Russell, who wrote such pop hits as Little Green Apples, Honey
and The Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia, has died at age 52.

Russell died Thursday at his home in rural Jessamine County, Ky., where he had
lived since moving from Nashville 1 1/2 years ago. He had a history of
coronary-artery disease.

When Honey became a smash hit and Russell's first big-seller it was a surprise
to him, he said in a 1968 interview.

"There's no big story behind Honey," he said. "My wife went out for a while one
weekend. I was home by myself and I just wrote it."

Hit film producer Foreman dies at 67

Reuter

BEVERLY HILLS - John Foreman, producer of hit films such as Prizzi's Honor and
Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, died of a heart attack Friday, a friend
said. Foreman was 67.

His other productions included The Man Who Would be King, The Great Train
Robbery, The Life and Times of Judge Roy Bean, and Sometimes a Great Notion.

Foreman and actor Paul Newman, who starred in several of Foreman's films, formed
the Newman- Foreman production company in 1968.

Voice of Winnie the Pooh dies at 87

Associated Press

LOS ANGELES - Actor Sterling Holloway, who gave the voice to Winnie the Pooh and
the snake in The Jungle Book, has died, his agent said.

Holloway was 87 and died Sunday morning, agent Kingsley Colton said Monday.


LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ROY ACUFF: when not playing fiddle, he amused fans with snappy yo-yo
tricks

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           November 1, 2007 Thursday

Robinsons influenced by Iowa's Brown

BYLINE: SANDYE VOIGHT TH staff writer

SECTION: D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 429 words


News You can use What: Folk music Who: Dana and Susan Robinson When: 8:30-11:30
p.m., Saturday Nov. 3 Where: Isabella's, 1375 Locust St. Cost: $5 cover charge

There just might be something Greg Brown-ish about Iowa.

Folk duo Dana and Susan Robinson, of North Carolina, will perform 8:30-11:30
p.m., Saturday, Nov. 3, at Isabella's.

It won't be their first time in Iowa or Dubuque (they played The Busted Lift a
year and a half ago).

"I've traveled a lot for the last 10 or 12 years, and it seems that I've written
a lot while I was in Iowa," Dana said in a phone interview, half-joking about
the influence of Greg Brown, writer of such songs as "The Iowa Waltz" and
"Mississippi Serenade."

As a result of his last visit, Robinson wrote "Avenue of the Saints," having
seen the name on a sign.

Dana originally is from California but settled in Vermont in the 1980s. He plays
guitar, fiddle, mandolin and banjo; sings tenor and writes contemporary music
with traditional music values.

Susan was raised in the Northeast, but moved to California, where she was an
environmental grant writer and studied Scottish fiddle on the side. When she met
Dana in 2002, she took to playing guitar and banjo.

"I was attracted to the southern music tradition," Dana said. "I tell stories
about the landscape. I like to communicate with people on their own level. I
don't go for the business - the music industry. That's what pop music is all
about. It's more of a vocation or a trade. I write for the craft of it, like a
furniture maker, in the tradition of the raconteurs and troubadours."

Songwriters, he said, whether they're doing the dishes or driving, are always
thinking about what song is next.

"For me, it's driving around the country. I saw the sign, 'Avenue of the
Saints,' and that was it. The story and images come first for me. My lyrics are
visual."

Dana, as a solo artist, began touring full time after his first album,
"Elemental Lullabye" in 1994 and performing for Putumayo's "Shelter" benefit
concert at Carnegie Hall.

The duo tailors the program to the audience.

"If we have a listening audience," he said. "We do more songs with lyrics and
content. Or, if people would rather hang out and talk, then we play old-time
fiddle tunes. We don't write out a set list. We see what people want to hear.
Sometimes we draw them in with fiddle music first."

At least once each year, they tour in Britain, where Robinson finds people
appreciate the traditional side of the repertoire.

"If I sing railroad songs, they're all over that, and the southern mountain
culture. They respect genuine Americana."

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
